Remove Mother from my contact list.
do they use weird plugs in australia where i'd need some kind of socket converter
store my cont
do you think time travel is possible?
i have to go to a meting on friday at noon can you remind me
I cannot seem to buy something online with my card? the payment comes back, what's going on?
What is currently breaking news?
I sent payment with EU transfer and they still haven't received it. How long does it take?
The refund isn't showing up on my account.
Switch the lights to blue
let us try it one more again please.
if i'm in portland can i still use my card without getting charged extra
what does my cable bill look like
roll a 10 sided dice
Why was my card payment declined?
how does it look like.
Siri, what does Jon Snow's handsome face look like?
silent mode
Will I be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
There is an odd payment in my statement
turn this room light off
can you send me an uber to go to a restaurant in downtown phoenix
thanks but it's not the correct command.
adjust the light option
What is the longest day of the year?
what time in las vegas
meetings today
Play metallica on shuffle.
please ask mr. Coffee to make a latte
i'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date
i wanted to remember some things, what were they
Should I bring an umbrella today?
tell me more about that concert
tell me what you do for fun
Where do I pay with my debit or credit card?
i want you to adjust your speaking to be faster
turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
can you explain my benefits
what would be the least i could pay on this bill
was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday
run the vacuum
What is wrong with the exchange rate? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
Do not play rock metal
do you go by any nicknames
It won't let me verify my identity.
may i order more checks for my well's fargo account
Did I do something incorrectly? Where is my top-up?
when my takeaway order will arrive
why hasn't my virtual card come yet?
book a rental cab of uber
what is the stock price of amazon.
What are departure/arrival times for (specific station)?
turn my drake playlist on
Please check and tell me about the reminders i have placed today
where can i locate my w-2 form
set a 3 minute timer
My daughter needs an acount.
In what ATM can I change my pin?
it was cool talking with you
let me know today's date in american format
I accidentally made a transaction to the wrong account.
disable the alarm which is set at 9:30pm
i am unclear about your response.
I wanna start skewing, how effective will it be
please set reminder
any upcoming events?
My salary is in GBP. Do I need to configure this somewhere?
my top up isnt there yet where do i find it
I want sweet potato pie from a local bakery
Which card would I get, Visa or Mastercard?
how much is the interest rate on my home equity loan
find me a podcast on wrestling
dial steven
Do you support fiat currencies?
Can i have a second physical card for this account?
is chocolate good for you
i think it's not the correct answer.
play the last played audiobook
make my pin 1234 for my checking account
send mom a message i'll talk to you later
How much is $50 in Pounds?
How old is Kim Kardashian?
put in a request for cashing in credit points
I would like to know if you use Visa or Mastercard.
what alarms are set right now
I see a $1 charge in a transaction.
take toilet paper off my shopping list
i need to put in a pto request for march 4 to march 6
What is the time in India right now?
Why isn't my card working?
origin of word
is there anything happening nearby
how many emails do i have from work today
What do I need to pick up at the grocery store?
What currencies do you do exchanges for?
When I add money to my international card do you charge a fee to do so?
what your numerical digit to display as your age
change the color of the light
How do I make an exchange from one currency to another?
will you try again.
what's the routing number for my current checking
remove alarm if any
what things can't you do
oh it's great job.
Is there a limit to how high I can top-up?
I tried using my ATM card at your Notting Hill location today.  It did not work.  Am I doing something wrong?
15.02.17
delete my dr k appointment in march
How is the traffic around city center.
can you find me a recipe for cake
calorie check, cheese burger
buy train ticket
provide me with ideas of things we can do in charlotte
alexa tell me the largest ocean in the world
let us start over.
I was declined when I tried to get cash.
how many transactions can go on a disposable card?
Why is the exchange rate different from what I expected?
Are there charges for topping up US cards?
let's play space invaders
move to the next episode of hipsterhood
this doesn't really matter.
Remove a list of accessories purchase last week.
Can you assist me with unblocking my PIN? I put it in wrong too many times.
read out my shopping list for today
play bbc radio one
are the streets congested right now
was my bank account frozen for a specific reason
i want to pay my electric bill
My top up is not working
Was there a number to track that I could get?
i need help since someone stole my card
I cannot withdraw money from the ATM
I need clarity on why my card is not working.
i didnt do this charge
what's the definition of idiosyncratic
what is the company that made you
Olly, I need a naughty joke, not to naughty though.
show up the events for me today
make an alarm
must i have shots before i take a trip to canada
in spanish, meet me tomorrow is said how
Get in touch with (insert)
attend party with Love this friday
throw a roll of the dice
do I need to verify my identity before I can use my card?
My transfer did not go through.
could you please check and confirm that.
What do I need in regards to identification?
any one would be okay with me, olly.
I need to set up a new list
can you tell me when my credit card application will be processed
play rummy
is it snowing in california
What is the fee on my card payment?
which days did i take off work
I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my first payment for my mortgage to go through first. I keep getting an error. I'm not sure what is going on but i need help making this transfer.
I deposited a cheque but I don't see the funds in my account.
where do you call home
who has covered this song
radio stations
I was charged twice.
that's cool, i appreciate it.
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
find funny jokes
how many meters are in 10 millimeters
Olly, lets listen to Hunt for read october
does pizzeria delfina in san francisco take reservations
what time is alarm set for
why is top up pending
could you call me a different name
I noticed that there is a withdrawal in the app that is not mine.
i want to buy over ear headphones with minimum frequency response of fifteen hz and maximum frequency response twenty two thousand hz
I was blocked by using the wrong pin too many times, can you help me?
can you suggest a thai restaurant, please
abandon the dinner reservation i made
what tasks have i yet to complete off my list
get rid of a list
can you speak once again please.
tell me how old youare
is mary smith in my contacts list
i need to create a new to do list
I want to listen to the Beatles Greatest Hits.
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
can you tell me jet blue airlines' carry on policy
Just set me reminders about pending bill payments
is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets
how to calculate my interest rate
twenty ninth march comes on what day
set event on recurring
Please find information about the Zach Brown concert on June third.
please power down
i want to put you back to original settings
play my motivational playlist
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
How do I input a new address?
what is the difference between the rate of the american dollar and the pound
What currencies do you accept to add money?
yeap correcly.
what type of outlets do they have in the uk
how many centimeters are in 5 yards
What video game should I play next?
what are you trying to say.
SECURITY AWARENESS
add a reminder to my calendar every year on this date
please delete this event
Must I verify my identity?
open train ticket app
tell artist and title of this song
block my citibank account right away
What to do if my card is about to expire?
turn volume to the number 4 setting
Help.  My card is broken.
play radia
could you inform ann and scott of my location
tell sean i appreciate him reaching out to me
List out all song
get me roundtrip flight information for flights from dallas to houston for june 8 and june 17
can you confirm my account's blocked and tell me why
i want to rent the cheapest car for charlottesville, virginia for march 7th through 10th, that's monday, tuesday, wednesday and thursday
set an alert for 2pm
There is an incoming payment into my account, but it is deactivated. Will they still be processed?
i need to hear your instruction you just said again.
i am not clear about your answers.
you did awesome work,.
schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
i would like all the lights on when i enter
The app is having trouble verifying my identity.
return to your original settings, please
amazing response to the command.
How can I activate my new card?
Can you help me? I have a duplicate transaction on my account and I don't understand why.
wake me up at five am this week
turn the living rooms lights off
Tweet for me the complaint about disease prevention
I just got a new card how do I get it to start working?
could you speak it one more again please.
get me two train tickets from where i am now to dallas arriving before dark
make the bedroom lights light blue
Find the joke about the orange and the banana.
how much does it seem my state taxes will be
how do i make the perfect omelette
could you call me a different name
I deposited a cheque with some money, but the balance hasn't changed.
Is there going to be fog in the morning?
Why does my top-up get cancelled?
remind me of my appointment on the fifteenth
Is it going to rain later?
for what time is my meeting with marketing scheduled
where is the nearest movie theater to time' square
how do i check my rewards for my target card
please return to default settings
Add event to calendar app
When is the last train from Phoenix?
when should i change my oil again
please play the beatles ps i love you
what is tomorrow's date, please
takeaway status
What would cause a transfer failure?
Can I track when my card will be delivered?
i want you to tell me about my income
how is a typhoon defined
please check my mails
tell sean i appreciate him reaching out to me
can you get me a car rental for march 13th to 15th in nyc, and i'd like a convertible if possible
define session
please shut off
I am so angry right now!  I went to the ATM and did not get the correct amount of money I chose to withdraw.  How could this happen?  I need my money and want to know how I can get it ASAP!
delete my to do list
What's the band is playing now?
jam
How much does it cost to top up by transfer?
play my most played songs
tell me how to get to target by bus
Olly, what clothing shops are close to my current location?
I received a transfer in GBP how do I change it to a different currency?
Why is my cash withdrawal pending?
tell me the expiration date for my visa card
does boise have any good indian restaurants
what is the recommended time frame to change my oil
how long will it take me to make baked chicken
what is my amazon card's rewards balance
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
pause for ten seconds
Set up a newlist with the following
I'm still waiting for a money transfer to show.
today's news
what's 50kg in lbs?
Can you assist on apple watch top ups?
play solitaire
Can I change my details because I moved?
why did bob dylan earn a nobel peace prize
What will I be charged for a physical card?
show me the latest emails from amazon
Show me the records of Sachin Tendulkar?
change the ai name to a new one
that is of no importance, olly.
alexa put an order in for 2 pizzas from dominoes
Why isn't my balance updating?  I did a bank transfer and it isn't current.
please would you repeat that.
Tell me what's going on with Facebook.
can you help me find my cellphone
my card was destroyed when my house burned down and i need a replacement
what is the weather like in denver
Do you have to order a new card before your current card expires?
How can I find the top-up verification code?
Play Summer Lovin' next.
Look up the current time in new york city.
Email Karen about the budget meeting
olly, I saw a bulldog today
olly what's the recipe for lasagna
post that i am going to woodland shoe store
can you check washing the dishes off on my to do list
i have yet to get my pin
can i make it to work with my current fuel level
am i safe to go to africa
play radio
play podcast episode new
choose that music player
take note of today as my first date with bob
I contacted the seller for a direct refund last week but he still hasn't give me my money. What should I do?
What do you get when you multiply 16 by 9?
where am i on gps
tell me when my flight is landing
What do I do for the identity check?
alternatives to white wine in food
set alarm at six thirty am
what's my income before taxes
Can I pick between Visa and Mastercard?
if i'm trying to get to heinz field, how long would it take by bus
I need to talk to mom
i need to send an email to michael
When is my meeting with Human Resources?
my new card arrives in the post when
i'd like to use another name for you
what was the last thing my mom said
would you repeat what you said earlier
let me know the traffic in tempe
My statement does not reflect that a refund has been issued
Turn the bathroom lights off.
when does the replacement card arrive
really don't mind, olly.
How can I top up my card with another card?
what's your birth date
What do I do if i accidentally broke my card?
pause resume
Please Find all name start with alphabetic of 'A' and create a list.
define antebellum
Why was a fee changed for my transfer?
Can I get my card fast tracked?
I wasn't charged the correct amount for an item I purchased, how can I fix this?
Why did I get charged a fee for my card payment?
What do I do about my expired card?
explanation of the song
I am not happy with your company. Please delete my account asap.
please turn on my vacuum cleaner
I did a transfer but the balance is the same.
that's great one, i appreciate it, olly.
Play the David Bowie song Major Tom
please tweet the following to radisson hotels customer service
News from State Paper
Set an alarm for 5 o'clock o'clock this evening labelled taxi
i want to know more about this person
tell me nutritional info for fish
for what reason is my account blocked
what is <unk> u. s. d. in euros
i'd like you just stop.
how we calcultate
Will it be sunny?
yeah exact.
I need a reminder every single day at 9AM.
give me my credit rating
What happens when I money transaction doesn't show up on the receiving side?
i like you stop.
maximum kilometer to delivery
The atm didn'y give me all the cash
How long do EU transfers actually take? I recently bought something online a few days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
resume play of american gods
have i gotten any emails from mom lately
Schedule a meeting with the accounting department on 2:30pm on Friday.
shit, that's not what i was looking for.
what is an alternative to flour
I'd prefer Mastercard.
I exchanged cash when traveling and the rate was incorrect.
do you know what are the ingredients to make apple pie
Can I use my card at any ATMs?
should i purchase a new plug converter when in france
has my day off request been approved or denied yet
Play for me Hip-Hop music
Is there a charge for using an European bank card for top up?
turn down the speakers
How crowded is Los Angeles?
what is the highest rated movie now out
how do i get to the subway by foot
Remove my next event.
off all the lights on the right side
How come the ATM gave me less cash than what I asked for?
which song are we listening to
can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in west philadelphia
On a card top-up, where can I verify?
Start audiobook again.
can you search recommended casual restaurants for tonight in philadelphia
please order an uber for me to go to the zoo
I'm going on a trip soon and I needed to convert my Russian ruble to UK pounds, but when I did, your company charged me above the exchange rate. Did you mess up my transaction?
Is Hayden still living on Turnpike Lane?
What does this Stitch long sleeved shirt look like
please can you cancel it.
Can I activate my card?
have i got any new email from my company
Search and play a radio station with news.
How do I transfer cash my into my account?
I need a recipe for chicken thighs for my pressure cooker.
will you check and confirm instruction please.
You sent me a card and now I want to link it.
are there any new emails from robert jones
what are the show times of logan
can you please further explain me about that.
Remove Thursday's lunch from my calendar.
Do I have to change my PIN at a bank?
Who did I email recently?
If I need to exchange currency is there an extra fee?
can you please turn off the light of my bed room
How long will it take to verify my account?
can you play the next song on this playlist, please
Change the lights to my favorite color
While getting cash, I was charged a fee.
I would like to change currency
volume to 4
olly could you stop.
can you recommend for me when to next get my oil changed
get me an order of creatine powder
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
I did a transfer.  What is the extra fee?
I would like to close my account.
is it possible to only talk in spanish
Are there any fees for adding money with an international card?
My top-up is still pending
please put on radio
What day of the week is the 22nd march?
could you tell me how many vacation days i have left
do i have any missed call from patrick
Play a song that will make me smile
Let me know when you charge for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
What is the fee on my statement for?
phone number to state farm to change insurance
please begin clash of clans
please remove my next event
Open Twitter send This is my complaint @Microsoft
play on loop The Devil Went down to Georgia for me
play rock playlist
Did a card payment that I made get cancelled?
please put in a vacation request
would you just stop it please.
book train best deal
Make sure to remind me to pay my bills tomorrow morning.
play me a song
please can you confirm last thing said.
how long is the wait at assagios today
What foreign exchange rate will you use?
yeap your understanding was confirmed.
this does not really matter to me.
Can you turn up your volume?
My cash withdrawal is still showing as pending.
oh no, i didn't say it.
PDA turn office lights off
make an alarm for the morning
whats happening in ny
Where did my extra fee for the transfer come from?
i need to know the conversion between tablespoons and teaspoons
can you tell me it one more time again.
olly that will be all.
Delete x playlist
i want to hear your best joke
please define forensic
shit, i didn't ask for it response.
start the vacuum
what are new drama movies opening this weekend
Ok Google! Mute sound on speakers please
Think someone has took money out with my card. What shall I do?
is there enough money in my account for expenses
where can i order pizza for delivery
when did i most recently have my car in the shop
what the traffic condition outside my office
my atm cash out is still pending
take milk off my grocery list
Olly where can I go shopping in this area?
Find all the contacts named John.
using this map i'd like to see my exact whereabouts
what does it look like
i'd rather have you call be ray ray
How do I sign up for a card if I'm in America?
what is my ac set to right now
i need to be out of whisper mode
Please add a 4 p.m. appointment for every Tuesday.
cut down the volume
Confirm a movie ticket at Glory theater
my google pay seems to be acting up.
speak all items for to day
when in europe would i be able to use a regular plug
perfect response to command.
explain more on what you've just said to me.
Set reminder for 2pm about my meeting.
We are dancing today! Can you please pull up my favorite dance tracks!
what are the ratings for yardhouse
Why does my money come from?
please read my facebook feed
please tell me how can I remove the item
I have enough money in my account, so why is my card being declined?
send a tweet to amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
what amount of interest does my checking account earn
Google Pay Top up isn't working
PLEASE PLAY THE LATEST SONG FROM THE ALBUM ABBAS.
I need to transfer money to my account from another bank
can you make it a little quieter
is there someone in the area who can check my engine light since it is on
Why was there a fee with my cash withdrawal?
is the weather bad in new york right now
can you find out for me when my credit card will be expiring
Set a alarm for the day
My card payment reverted back, I think.
Someone stole my wallet a couple of hours ago now and they have taken money from my account. Is there any way that you can help so I won't lose any more of my money.
How long will the transfer take?
What is today's current date?
Seems like my top-up has failed
wine shop
please post this picture on facebook
Is there a cost to receive money?
My top-up appears to be pending.
why was my card declined yesterday
i want to hear what said again.
email my sister about mom's birthday jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
anything is good to me.
will you answer if i call you lexi
What did I tell Susan in my last email?
tell me the email address for aunt ruth
What currencies do you accept for adding money?
schedule me a table for 2 at red lobster at 8
Do I have to use a bank approved ATM to withdraw money?
Please turn off the lights in the kitchen.
i need your volume increased
cancel my birthday party
i can't see anything
please turn on the hallway lights
The card that I have isn't working. This is the physical card.
volume - level
what meetings are available in march
what do i do to jump start my battery
walk me through the steps involved in changing my oil
you have done the task wrong.
is mile marker sixty five where the hanging tree is located
Please give me directions to a park  near me
Make a new list of dog breeds.
can you check my tire pressure
play my bookmarked audiobook
can you inform me what my apr is on my visa
how much gas to i have left
wake me up at ten
you have done task all wrong.
Is there a reason my top-up has been cancelled?
turn on vacuum cleaner
brew me a cup of coffee
the definition of life
what alarms have i set for tomorrow
Find me a good wine shop that stock old wines, like older than 10 years. Navigate me to that shop.
wake me up
please get my credit score
what time is it in russia
There is a fee on my account. Why?
make me coffee now
show me my alarms
I see a cash withdrawal in the app that I did not do.
i need to know my credit's limit
is it fine to sub bread flour with all-purpose flour
Where is the tracking number for the card you sent me?
play snake with me
What's been going on?
Alexa compose email.
how many pints are in four cups
who sing we are the world
How long will it take the money to appear in my account?
Can you brief about the next scheduled events?
I can't recall my passcode and need to reset it.
how do i get to the airport by foot
insurance benefits
respond back to the mail
Is it possible to access my phone from the hotel/
can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef
Can I get an actual card
what is the apr on my american express card
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
My address has updated and I need to change it.
please could you try what you've said once more.
learn to cut potatoes correctly
where is starbucks
when does the last train from work leave
sorry but that is not the right response.
send a taxi to come pick me up from my location
how long does it take to fly to china
This song is not very good
favorite this music
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
I'm still waiting on my identity verification.
is the milk on the shopping list if not, please add
this was fun, see you around bye
Please start my podcast.
look up the ratings for olive garden
are my vaccines up to date for going there
read the ticket for tesla
i need you to call michael at home
can you tell how many hours of difference are between  Boston and los Angeles?
that'd be a no
Olly, search for exchannge rates for US and Italy
can you make a reservation at the restaurant for tomorrow
I thought that transfers are free. Why was I charged an extra fee?
i need you to schedule a meeting with bob brown at noon the day after tomorrow
Did I tell you to remind me something?
What is the procedure for an expired card?
how come i can't find anywhere to load using cash
convert eight thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. five thirty
you are awesome,.
how do i order some more checks for my navy federal account
change my alarm
what's happening in world news today
rowan atkinson info
Hi! A seller that I requested a refund from a long time ago has yet to send the money into my account, even though I keep checking it. Can the seller be contacted by you guys to see what's going on?
Can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef?
pull up trump stories
I need to know the cost and when I will receive a new card to replace an old one.
Is the top-up amount unlimited?
OK Google, I need to hear sound on my speakers.
Tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
I can't activate my card?
who were you invented by
How do I dispute a debit that I didn't make?
what's the name of the day today
Remove my shopping list
how warm is it now
please speed up your speaking pattern
Most recently received emails
nine hundred and ninety nine fm is currently playing what music
Why did I get declined when trying to get cash?
My wallet was just stolen and I see my account already has a withdrawal. Can you please help me.
i think i want your name changed to fred
how hot is it in quebec
oh, thanks
Are there any limits if I use these virtual cards?
Who has won the most number of OSCARS ever?
Play me a song by Van Halen
how do you convert pounds to grams
Tell me what's happening on social media
i need you to stop talking now
Give me the latest political headlines across the world.
train to athens how to
delete appointment at time
skip to next track
find jokes on the web
what is my gross income per pay period
I see an unfamiliar payment on my statement.
the list should also have 2 loaves of bread
Tell me Today's events of mine
anything new on social media
In the following week repeat this event at 10 am every day.
Reduce the intensity of lights.
where is the hottest place on earth
would you give jenny a call
PDA: I just added Bob's News, anything new there?
i need instructions on how to jump start my car
hows the food order going?
How do I accept exchanges to EU?
The cash I wanted wasn't there.
what does the traffic look like headed to la
it's not the correct command.
Yo PDA, what's the current time
find me news about trumps speech
Nice lyrics.
play ping pong
sorry but it was not the correct response.
There seems to be an additional charge of £1 on my statement, what is the reason for this?
ai how are you doing today
Is there a reason I was charged a fee for using my card as payment? I've never had an extra fee before.
what is two plus four
How do I top-up automatically?
Do I get charged if I top up with my European bank card?
when's my flight boarding
I lost my phone.  What do I do to block someone else from using my account?
how do i report a melted credit card
cancel the plan of party
search for two tickets on tuesday's train to paris
email me the lyrics to this song
turn on the roomba
Is my card broken? I can't get cash out of the ATM
I am trying to exchange crypto and it's not working. Tell me how to fix this.
send email to mom starting with the subject vacation
Subtract 60 from 244
get me two train tickets from where i am now to dallas arriving before dark
What is the definition of a home run?
I would like to know how to work out where my funds came from?
is the breakfast place full in the mornings
Want to have vibrant colours
What list do I have
go back to your original settings
this was not clear to me.
repeating event meeting on mondays
save the opinion that i just posted to this song
set alarm for nine am
get local events
if i change my timezone to reno, what would it be
find transportation to rome
how do i get paychecks put directly in my sunflower savings account
book train ticket for this time
have i gotten any new emails from mary
Is my schedule full?
turn off the lights in the bedroom
are there any current travel alerts for brazil
may i know the about alarm you set
send a mail to whom to talk
Book a train ticket to...
i didn't ask for it command.
Do I need to do anything special for my friend to send money to my account?
I'd like to use cash to top up. How do I find that option?
can you put this on facebook
Is it possible to access my phone from the hotel/
Where's accounting for my cash withdrawal?
i need a flight booked from dallas to miami on american airlines
s
how many a's can you find in the word happiness
has my card application successfully gone through
Make Happy Birthday the next song.
Show latest news about migration
Increase Volume
what is your full name
I just sent money but the person I sent it to doesn't see it. What happened?
that's enough, just cancel.
add grocery shopping to today's to do list
I am interested in changing my personal details.
i want to keep my credit score from going down, how do i do that
Im not sure if a seller is giving me my money back! I asked them to refund my money for the item but It's been a week now and still nothing has been given back to me. Can you resolve this for me?
yeah you've gotten command perfectly.
please decrease the volume of this song
tell me what is showing up on my reminder list
What ATMs can I use this card?
please make me a cup of coffee
set an alarm for four in the afternoon
i would love to know the exchange rate between rubles and pounds
please review my recent visa card transaction
I mistook my pin and now I am locked.  Can you unlock me?
can you say what you have said one more again.
Describe the list contents
do you know actor surya
what is the music playing right now.
I have been waiting over a week. Is the card still coming?
what do you want to call me
what is the time in india when the time in us is twelve pm
I'm in China and really need a new card.
Problems with top up
Ennavale adi ennavale
How many meetings do I have this week?
read me the front page of the new york times
Are there any new messages in my inbox?
remove the milk from the shopping list
today's closing price for google
Can I get paid in another currency?
The receipient doesn't see my money transfer.
set alarm for tomorrow morning at 6 am
The app shows Direct Debit payments that I didn't make
i need to know status of my day off request
I think youre system may be broken because I have tried transfer money 5x and it isnt working!  I'm not doing anything complicated it is what I usually do.
Start a choice game
Estimated time arrival for transfers?
For physical cards, do you charge?
my name
how do i find the interest rate for my checking account
what is the definition of pda
clear my to do list
disconnect from my phone please
i need to cancel my reservation for new york to xai varanda
could you tell me again please.
when did i place my order and what was the projected time it would take
How many songs did Michael Jackson write?
let me know when you were born
i need you to pair with my phone
where do i go to transfer money from one account to this one
where do i go to get new insurance
the male voice please
My card was used without my permission, what do I do?
how much are all my bills combined
i am unclear about that.
Set a reminder alert for Saturday 9:00 a.m. towards payment of electricity bill.
While transferring money, its getting error out as my transfer is not possible. Please help me in this as earlier i was able to do it successfully.
s2, i was not clear about it.
Which type of card will I receive?
Can you tell me more info about virtual disposable cards?
my car needs to be brought for maintenance
Why am I being charged for transfers? Are they not free?
what is john's last name
delete the grocery list
at noon, schedule a meeting with saul
are there transaction fees using my discover if i'm in cuba
Write a complaint tweet.
where is yellowstone park
how do i get rewards from my visa card
how long should i cook steak for
how many tablespoons is 5 teaspoons
How will I know when I get my refund?
shuffle the songs in the music library
How do you verify an identity?
raincoat needed for my bike driving?
Do I have any emails from Katherine?
turn lights on in the garage
i want to know what type of things you can help me with
remove the item from list
Hello,  I noticed the money for an item I purchased online and have already received has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with the merchant accepting my payment? Or, possibly, with the bank sending it?
I have transactions that I don't recognize - I think someone is using my card.
i like this song what is it can you please repeat it once
COULD YOU TURN OFF LIGHT
How do I know when my new card is going to arrive?
Can I use google pay to top up?
why does my statement contain an extra fee?
Did Bert write me today?
do they take reservations at the progress
I have been trying to make a transfer and it won't go through. I have checked all the receipts and its all correct but still won't let me do it.
add corn to my shopping list and remove wine
turn the lights off
its very different
can you make reservations at steak 'n' shake
Why do I still have a pending cash withdrawal?
What year did Michael Jackson die?
can you get me an uber to the movies
ask for the weather today morning
There is a  €1 fee on my account I didn't authorize
Check my last post on Instagram
Can you tell me why my refund is not showing in my statement?
Set alarm to begin
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
change the bedroom lights to green
what's on the grocery list
turn room light off
I put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help me unblock it?
two thousand and seventeen movies
order one pizza from pizza hut
slow down
I tried to transfer money but it didn't go through
how long does it take to get to virginia by bus
order a train ticket to los angeles now
what is your version on the meaning of life
Changed details is essential, what steps do I take to do so?
what is the date easter falls on
Time please?
s1, rephrase further on what you've just said to me please.
anything is fine to me, olly.
Google save all the songs I have listened to more than once.
what are the pets you have
I would like to request a card.
How do I transfer funds if I am paid in GBP?
What currencies can be exchanged in the app?
Are there restrictions for ordering extra cards?
is there any concerts taking place in new york today
I was told I would be getting a refund but I have yet to see it
Which one are you?  Visa or Mastercard?
what's my total income
Please play next episode
can you give the definition of deiscretionary
How long will a cash withdrawal be pending?
Give me directions to get from here to Crescent City Brewhouse in New Orleans
set up direct deposit to my money market account for my pay check
i need the volume to be louder
well done, thank you so much.
post to twitter got a hectic day ahead
can you name the song on the speakers
What is the weather in new york
I wasn't charged the correct exchange rate for an item I purchased.
What type of card can I get?
please see if chili's has delivery
The ATM didn't give me the amount I asked for
get me resume of best seller audio-book this month
can you play my favorite music
yes that's correct
set up a taxi for eleven am tomorrow
my water bill is how much this month
list events in ny
I have paid by my card but payment is still its coming as pending. I think there is some issue please check and let me know when the status will complete.
i need to keep two toddlers busy tell me what to do
can you further explain me on it please.
From now on mute
i like you just cancel.
i need some coffee made
look up the word snafu
will you please rephrase me further on that.
i want to play rock paper scissors let's play
I'm looking for a machine of yours that will provide me cash from my home country. I went on holiday and don't have any cash on me. Will your machine charge me extra to do this?
longest river in the world
what time will i get to the beach taking the bus
Increase brightness in the room
start the poker game
What different currencies can I get?
I was declined when trying to withdrawal cash!
do you have instructions on jump starting a chevy
My cash withdrawal says pending, why?
Can you please explain why I was charged an extra fee for my transfer?
give me location for tourist destination in bangkok
what genre is most played on my music player
olly please can you shut off.
Can I find out information about a contact?
Can you play radio for me.
what is a sphere
Remove my reminder for the meeting today at 1:00 PM.
clear list
olly can you just stop.
help me apply for a visa card
HOW LONG TO TAKE THE TIME TO SOLVE
2 weeks ago I ordered my new card.  It isn't here.  What should I do?
Three months ago I bought a new house for my cat, fluffy.  Unfortunately Fluffy was not a fan of the house and it had to be returned to Pet Smart last week.  They said they have sent a refund but it's not there, can you tell me where it is?
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
when was my car last in the shop
weather in Florida this week
What businesses accept this card?
do they take reservations at state bird
s2, i was not so clear about what you said now.
what is your date of birth
how is it going my friend
start the next episode of the _____podcast
explain what my credit limit is
My refund has not yet been credited on my statement
find apple on list and remove
Where has my available money come from?
average time to receive new card
play sufi songs
what time is boarding scheduled
check my to do list to see if jewelry repair is listed
whats happening in ny
Hello, I want to go eat
can you help me book a car rental in paris
from here on, you'll be responding to the name captain black
i wouldn't know.
how long should a cake bake
Hi there, I've tried to make a transfer 5 different times and its not working. Is your system down or something?
Please give me detail of 100 yen = $
book a reservation for 6 at shakey's under the name jason
Is there a fee to top up a US card using a debit or credit card?
tell me it again.
correct last action.
How can I change my address?
I like this song that is playing
i need to know what the traffic is like on the way to phoenix
i want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
What options do I have when topping up a US card?
How much time do transfers typically take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
this song is composed by whom
Remove all events from my calendar.
what's the time in australia
clear my calendar for september 6th
I think I deserve a refunded on a certain item.
make a new alarm
open some cools jokes
Would reinstalling the app solve the problem?
how do i go to athens by train
Please send an email to Sally regarding tomorrows meeting.
Who sings the song about a long black train?
anything would be good with me, olly.
wheres the closest sainsbury's
I need to change my pin but I am on the road.
my card declined
Turn sound off
what do I need to do if the ATM kept my card?
I don't recognize what this payment on my statement would be for.
I would like to order a disposable virtual card. How can I do this?
will the weather be bad on Sunday
send that
i can't get that.
Book a meeting with Chelsea
From which age can my kids use your service?
play radio station
you are a bot aren't you
What ID do I need to verify my identity?
would you help me set up direct deposit
record the opinion of each individual about this song.
now, i want you to play the next song
How long do EU transfers actually take? I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
Show grocery list
Why hasn't my cash arrived from a deposited check?
when i get home can you please order a pizza
please run that by me again
MERE FAVORITE RADIO STATION KO TUNE KARO.
I just moved. How do I give you my new address?
have an uber sent to take me to the courthouse
could you check and confirm detail please.
Can I choose between Mastercard and Visa?
Why am I being charged certain fees? I noticed a fee after I withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
How can I use American Express to add funds to my account?
How can I exchange GBP for AUD?
do you have any suggestion action movies
Olly, I would like to here Pictures next.
i'd like you check and confirm my last instruction please.
are there any events happening this weekend
will it be ok to sub turkey for beef
Is there a maximum i can top up?
please play next episode of bbc history podcast
what you have said is not so clear.
The ATM didnt let me get cash
i would like to know if i can put a pto request in for march 19 to march 20
Latest movies in theatres
have no idea for which to choose, olly.
Can I have today's date?
can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week
What commission do you take for currency exchage?
I don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
reshuffle and play music
what's the latest news on CNN?
what is the current stock price of rolls royce
where can i book a train ticket to oregon
i last took my car to the shop, when
please start me some coffee
I tried to take out some money from an ATM earlier today and it was declined. Looking on my screen now, I still see that it's pending for that amount. I didn't actually get that money, so I don't want it processed on my account.
yeah that's right.
Delete Mike Stein from Contacts list
Explain the activation method for this card
What do I do about a debit on my account that I didn't make?
where am i at currently
How do I update my address?
what subjects do you know well
What would the price be for an expired card replacement and how long will it take me to get it?
can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing
please rectify the incorrect command.
move on to the next podcast episode
what's up with my 401k and will it roll over
please restart and remove all the entries in the calendar.
how have you been
i need to reserve a large room or suite for 2 couples for august 15th through august 18th in seattle
I am being charged a transfer fee aren't they free?
I would like to know which fiat currencies are recognized by your organization.
got it correcly.
Please check the train schedule for Wednesday at 5pm, going to Rockville.
How long to UK transfers usually take? I made a transfer but it didn't pop up in my history yet. I just want to make sure it went through.
I topped up and now my money is not there anymore! What happened to it?
I will be traveling.  Can I add money automatically?
can i add funds  with a card from the united states
My credit card payment has been in pending status for a super long time.  I don't get it.  Why is it like this?  When will it go through?
make me a cup of coffee please
open remainder and find meeting time
What do I need to verify my identity
s1, please once again clarify to me.
It seems my card payment was completed twice. I paid at the store previously and the first one did not seem to go through. After a second attempt, it did go through. I now see within the app that I have been charged twice with one of them pending. Can you please remove the pending amount because it is clearly something that was declined?
do you know the deeper meaning of life
book me a cab
please replay your last statement.
What are the disposable cards restrictions?
i need to apply for a bank of america travel rewards credit card
i need some work done on my car so need to schedule auto mechanic for maintenance
are there any transaction fees associated with my usaa card if i am in south korea
set the mood please
Get rid of
please set a reminder for church services on sundays for eleven am
give me my credit card's apr
What thing is in the list ?
what’s the name of this song
What is the capital of Jordan
I thought it was free to make a withdrawal. So how much does it cost now?
May I exchange currencies with this?
yes strongly agree.
any low priced delicacies.
what's up with my order
Will there be sunset at 5:30 pm tomorrow.
can you tell me how much money i have i my bank accounts
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
could you tell me it once again please.
what day of the week is it
i'd love to order some more checks for my checking account
i have no idea for which to select.
title of content
what is a good joke
remove last played song
whens your birthday
please tell me what lists i have made
how much do i owe on bills
how is the exchange rate for microsoft
give me the nutritional details for a cup of yogurt
Set a nail appointment at Heaven Spa.
how would you tackle the following problem brush your teeth
factory settings restoration
LAtest local art competition in orlando
my card is damaged and unusable
would you please tell me my current gps coordinates
do i have enough in my wells fargo account to get some nike's
what is the square root of 104
is it okay to change your name to samson
how old is joanne
can you get rid of my trip to the zoo from my calendar on march 1st
would you please put a block on my chase account right away
Skip to the next episode in this podcast.
what level is my gas at
My refund has not arrived, and I am unsure why. Who do I contact?
nope, i think you messed up.
tweet insight cable's customer service and tell them i have been waiting on hold for thirty minutes
can you please request pto for march 2 and 3
Can you make sure I get a MasterCard and not a Visa?
who do i have the pleasure of speaking with
was my last oil change on wednesday
book me a cab
tell comment
I'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me. Help!
how to apply for platinum card
Why did they charge me an extra $1?
I went to top up my card and it was cancelled.
Why am I still waiting for my refund
repeat the music
tell my bank i will be traveling in brazil from june 1st to july 1st
Can you please create a list for me
Create a blank list.
how long does it take to get to orlando by bus
Instead of GBP, how do I exchange for AUD?
down the light power
What will the high be tomorrow in Tucson?
what is there on january 1st on my calendar
could you please tell me what time is in singapore
What's your favorite color?
A couple weeks ago there was a debit taken from my account from a transaction I don't recall. Is it possible to trace this transaction to make sure I'm not being scammed?
resume playback
remove last played song
what do i have going on on my calendar for march 18th
I have been double charged
i am unclear about last sentence.
Add alarm
my check engine light is on and someone needs to look at it
will there be snow tomorrow
this weekend what events are going on in seattle
i need help to pay my electric bill
how much is twenty pounds sterling in us dollars
Hey Robot, give me a list of ingredients for Welsh Rarebit.
Please tell me a joke that I'll think is funny.
yeap correcly.
I have gone through my statements and noticed there is a large payment that I did not make. Can i still dispute the payment? its been a while
How do I see my updated balance after I make a cheque or cash deposit?
PDA, whats my schedule today
i need to leave on the five pm train to rockville
is there anything new on snapchat
please turn the lights brighter
Find the nearest Olive Garden that has take out service.
please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me
i want to reset your settings to the original
what is the news today
what degree is it outside
i need to put my appointment for tomorrow on my calendar
Can you tell me some fun things to do in Kentucky?
did my mom send me an email
Give me weather condition of Manhattan
Seems like my card payment has been cancelled
please locate my phone
Where is it hottest on earth?
I cannot get to my app, what should I do?
joke of the day
send email how are you dad to dad
that's great one, thanks.
locate local pizza shops
can you show me how to change the oil for my car
look up how much my state taxes are
How is the traffic on third street?
you get it perfectly.
Replay this song, I really like it.
is there a way to clear my calendar
Your foreign exchange rate is wrong.
s1, again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
what are the rules regarding carry-on baggage for flights on virgin airlines
I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
clear all settings in a reset
what is the weather report for seattle
Where is a Mastercard ATM?
what spanish word means hello
How much can I top up in a day?
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
could you confirm what i just said please.
turn on the wemo plug socket
whwn is christmas according to the calendar?
If my salary is in GBP, do I need to do something?
In what way can I change my PIN and where do I need to be?
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHICH TIME WILL BE THE BEST TIME FOR  ME TO DATE MY LOVER.
where is the closer starbucks
whats the latest
how do i look up my credit score
I don't know what's wrong, my contactless stopped working. Tried it in a few different places today and it didn't work in any of them.
are you able to lookup my credit rating
do i have any personal days left
Please play some Lady Gaga.
is there meaning to life
Time in New York
tell me what is on my schedule for today
play the time machine by h g wells
My card was confiscated by an ATM. How do I get my card back?
tell me something funny about animals
How do I report fraud on my card?
it seems like the answer was not correct.
yeap get it right.
latest instagram posts
I don't know what my passcode is, can you help?
will i be allowed to take vacation
what are the ingredients to make shepherd's pie
call mom
set alarm to begin
that is actually false
walk me through the process of reporting a lost card
reply an email to jason that i will not come tonight
What different ways are there for someone to send me money?
hmm, i think incorrect answer.
My credit card seems to have been declined for top up. Why is it not going through? Can you tell me what's going on?
have i used half of my days off yet
certainly not
give me recipes
what is the total of my repair bill
what is the size of the united states
can you start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
what's 11 yen in pounds
can you send a text to my mother irene and tell her i love her
do you like appreciate cats or dogs more
How can I track my card's delivery?
please help me book a rental car for nashville
adjust your language setting to english
call mark
to what extent until the following three day weekend
When will my card be here?
do I have any notifications from social media
How can I tell what foreign exchange rate I will get?
I believe my card payment has reverted
I don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
can you check what i last said.
please find the routing number for chase bank accounts opened in new york
My card hasn't arrived yet.
I need this item refunded
please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at nine
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know what it's for
Add a meeting with architect to my new project list
always exchanging currencies, do you offer a discount?
Add my sister visiting to my family calender.
how can i cook pizza
s2, i can't catch that.
any local news stories for my home city
make me a wake up alarm for 8:45am
Can I reset my PIN if it is blocked?
bed room two switch off the lights
I put in a payment a while ago and it has still not cleared and is showing up as "pending", how long does it take to clear?
How do I locate my PIN now that I have my card?
please turn off the light of the bathroom
How do I know if my top up worked?
Adjust the light
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
song identifier
Please be quiet for the next 2 hours.
let's play space invaders
i need the new due date for my pgw gas bill
open sirius app and play the classical channel
My refund isn't showing up
comcast sucks put that on their twitter account
Top up keeps failing
can you please turn off the light of my bed room
You're too loud
what time of day is it
show me the available colours of lights
how much am i paid a year
What is the best part of being you?
how do you convert millimeters to decimeters
What's the wait time for European transfers?
i no longer want my reservation anymore
Please check my payment from last Saturday as I feel I have been overcharged on the exchange rate.  Thank you.
do i have a new email from eric
let's play space invaders together
does restaurant have takeaway
I need to make several disposable cards per day.
provide contact location
How much is a call per minute to Mauritania?
Why do I see an extra €1 charge on my statement?
I made a transfer and was charged extra. Why?
Olly I need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
Book me a ride
can you speak with me using faster speech
I tried to make a payment with my card and it was declined. Why is it pending?
Is there any way to get another card on the same account?
what's the estimated travel time to get to dc via bus
please will you check last thing said.
add a new meeting with tom for 6pm
why do some people still think the earth is flat
please add an item to my calendar that i need to clean the kitchen on thursday
silence for two hours
can you locate my package
what is the price of my state taxes that i owe
how warm is it in columbus ohio
Which merchants accept this card?
quick meals
Need to see volume settings
Can I receive money in a different countries money?
Hey I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It's not that difficult to transfer money to another country in 2018 is it?
thanks for helping.
i want you to reset to brand new please
i want to hear this podcast
tell me the apr on my mastercard
what are the steps required for making a vacation request
How can I check to see if my top-up worked?
I am suppose to be getting a refund from something I purchased but it hasn't showed up in my account.
can you notify my bank that i will be traveling to mexico between march 1st and 15th
check and confirm the details.
can you help me find the answer to this question?
how many centimeters are one inch
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
What to do if my physical card is not working?
what is the exchange rate for pounds and u. s. d.
skip to the next episode of this podcast
play podcast for the philadelphia eagles content
how do i know what the outlets are like
Calendar event. send invite, Bill Malinda
does the nearby dominos have delivery
what are united's carry-on rules
what is two hundred divided by thirteen
please reserve a meeting room for 1:00 pm on tuesday
what is the climate here today
What reminders do I have set?
take item off list
While on vacation in Spain I think someone saw my PIN and I now need to change it, can I do this at an ATM in Spain?
i want to play a trivia game
List the latest books published by favorite authors.
Why was I not able to take cash from the ATM?
Hey Google, what time does the TRE train go to Fort Worth this afternoon?
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
i want the speakers turned up high
the staff meeting on march 1 at 10:00 am needs to be added to my calendar
set reminder for tomorrow for this item
Is there a fee for european bank cards?
what is the time at singapore when our time is five pm
resume my metal playlist
how cold is today
when is the next boston redsox game
what are the show times for logan at the nearby theatre
check gmail
make me coffee in five minutes
what will i need to pay in federal taxes
Tell me what's going on snap chat
i am in downtown austin where is the nearest airport
how do i maintain my credit score
Can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are?
put a seven pm meeting time down for march fourteenth
mail to
make a list
What's the limit on total number of cards I can have?
What countries do you do business in?
is the data prefers any problems in objects
set a thanks giving event for friday
how often should the oil get changed
speak more about the event
I want to order a card. Where do you deliver to?
Will it be nice at the beach on friday?
play with me, game x
oops, i think this was not the right response.
any one is good for me.
Do you store personal information about me?
Place a recurring occurence in my calendar.
Can you tell me what the exchange fee is?
Attitude
best reviews restaurant in south sacramento
i need for you to remove milk from my shopping list and add bread
Can I use my virtual card for recurring monthly payments?
s1, please explain me on your answer once again.
Where is the top-up verification code located?
I LIKE A SONG SING BY ARIJIT SINGH.
can i use the plug i use at home when traveling in south america
add this song to travel
Why can't I get cash from the ATM?
i would like you to confirm what i said please.
Please call the Golden Fork and tell them to deliver one portion of the fish risotto
make the lights blue in here
put a repeating event on the calendar
I sent money to my family last Friday but they don't have it.
its cold outside
Can you tell me how to locate my PIN?
do people like chipotle
I believe my money did not go through with my top up, was there a problem on your end?
what is the latest from my feed
How can I change my old pin to a new one?
Kickball is over, I do not need the alarm for kickball on Wednesday evening, any longer.
I made a purchase but the exchange rate is wrong?
uhh no, that's not what i asked for.
Why do I have to give you all of my identification details?
can you help me find my phone
Help me cancel my transaction
be quiet
read me my shopping list
how would i get to city hall via bus
what is the name of the artist that created this song
What is the tallest mountain?
put in a request for cashing in credit points
Does the package with my card have tracking?
are there any necessary shots required before travel to thailand
dim lights in living room
Remove no. 3 alarm of list.
Is the new Stephen King book on my list?
it's good work, thank you.
can you teach me how to change my oil in my car
Turn off living room lights.
which lists are present in the notes app
make sure i get a meeting room for 9am on friday
please post happy birthday usa on my newsfeed
How do I activate my card so I can start using it?
What is the stock for X company?
What's the limit to how much I can top up?
what is 250 times 118 times 9
How can I edit my personal details?
olly just stop please.
I  have been charged more than I should for the presents I bought  when abroad, the problem seems to be the exchange rate.
Play the radio station
don't make any sounds
How long is delivery to the US?
Can I get a real card?
should i change my tires
what is the exchange rate as of today
can you find my location on the map
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I paid at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App stays at pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
sorry but it is incorrect.
you did nice job, thank you.
start next episode playing
i want to see the previous episode
any one would be good to me.
There was some money taken from my account that I don't remember paying for. Am I able to look up this transaction which was a few weeks ago to see who took out the money? Im not sure I need a refund just want to check to make sure it's legit.
please let us try what i've said one more time again.
please turn on my coffee pot
please would you check instruction.
play the song get happy by ella fitzgeral
How many seconds are left to complete this hour
i would like to request that more checkbooks be mailed to me
Book a taxi at my home address for right now
i want to hear play that funky music
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket.
Remind me the reminders I have set
how do you spell water
This company sucks! Can you terminate my account?
With this app, will I be able to exchange currency?
i want coffee everyday
email <unk>
olly that is all, cancel.
Can I choose the day it's delivered?
How do I freeze my card? I think someone is using it to make a bunch of online transactions.
is it going to rain in seattle today
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
skip this podcast
if it's sunrise in stockholm what time is it in okinawa
that's cool,, olly.
play little women
what's left in the tank
what ingredients do i need to make pizza
Please tell me what is on the calendar for this weekend
when does my milk expire
In the app, how can I make it show the new card that arrived?
What's the amount that I can top-up?
Is there a charge for getting more cards?
could you turn off light
look up the number of people living in miami florida
i would like to pay my cell phone bill
play next reason podcast
program coffee machine to brew coffee in two minutes
when do you think i ought to change the oil in my car next
Are there any top-up limits involved?
i don't really know.
please tell me how to spell umbrella
dolores how was your day
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
Brief me about my news feed stories
please pay electric bill
Where did the money I deposit go??
where should i eat tonight
Can you see if John has replied to my email yet?
what is the exchange rate of euro today to dirham
yeah you have got my instructions right.
Add event with .. and ..
Can I order a card please?
How does it work when I transfer money into my account?
Did a WD earlier at an ATM.  The amount showing in the App is more than I got though.
remove the santana music list
Is there extra fees for making a withdraw in a different country at a cash machine.
I am traveling to Germany, Will I be able to use my card there?
how do i switch 401k companies
Could you explain your rules for ATM fees?
i'd like for their to be a pto request for me made for the dates june 4th to june 8th
Why did you charge me extra for withdrawing money?
i need to know all of the emails from contact pertaining to subject
Where is a good place to buy clothes in Medford?
What is the age to open an account?
birthday
can you please slow down
when did you come to exist
what is my routing number on my checking account
tell me the time n india
Does transferring money have a fee?
do i have any private messages on any social media
on the fan
what's the status on my vacation approval
what kind of gas does this car need
how should i address you
help me get a rental car
Could you please activate my card
i'm unsure of the answer
say one more again.
I can't verify my identity.
1980's rock
make the light in here redder
who is Napoleon Hill?
olly stop please.
where can i find my w-2
what's the news in politics on cnn
I think the atm ate my card.
i can confirm it is affirmative
what's the time in london right now
us dollars to uk
Please update the status of pending reminders.
What all is needed to verify the top-up card?
I would like my PDA to take my dog outside to go the bathroom
The see the rate applied to my transaction was wrong at the atm.
It seems I've suddenly been charged for my recent ATM cash withdrawal. What's up with that? I though withdrawals are free, you never charged me so far!
what is my state bank of india card credit limit
will you put on the music
my card is damaged so i can not use it
What is the maximum times I can auto top-up?
get route for los angles from here
I need to reorder my virtual card!
where can i shop around here
i want to know what the latest is on my vacation request i submitted
Can you prepare a cheese sandwich?
get rid of this list
what you have said is not so clear.
can you bring me a nice coffee
How do I track the card you sent to me?
Is there a fee for transferring money
In delhi traffic level too high
Reply to this email
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
how can i request a new credit card
How long should my new card take to arrive?
please turn up the speaker volume
I think I was wrongly charged in a recent transaction when I used my card.
Kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
What is the date and time for today?
vacuum cleaner start
what withdrawals were there on my account yesterday
My account isn't showing a transfer I made.
add mop to hardware store list
I just went through a old statement and noticed that a very large payment went through and i did not make it. It was from a few months ago, can I still dispute the payment?
Siri, what time is it in San Diego?
continue audiobook playback
i need to apply for a new credit card
when was the song playing now released
how many euros for one u. s. d.
tweet a complaint to apple about my iphone seven
please turn off my smart plug socket
what is the minimum payable amount for my rent bill this month
do you know when our next day off is
get me the details of lisa ann
start my bible study book again
how long has it been since the oil got changed out
Hows it going to be today
please check last thing said.
when is my bill due
turn on the rap playlist
definition of anachronism
how much do i have to pay this month
how many uses are the disposable cards good for?
Remove events.
how much is the current balance in my td bank savings account
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train
turn on your whisper mode
clear my nine am alarms
Why is there a fee for using my card?
are there any good places in cleveland that serve clams
i need new checks
Please find me a country music station.
Stop 7am alarm
My salary is deposited in GBP. Do I need to choose the currency?
how about playing a game of guess the word i'm thinking of
what can i ask you, ai
My card is due to expire soon.
What did Geraldine Ferraro do after her run for VP?
Keep me informed on this
you did fantastic work,.
could you check to see if my order has been delivered, please
turn on this socket
what is the state of the weather in seattle
things to do in my area
add mia to my spanish playlist
I used my card to make a payment and wondered why the payment was reverted?
is there a way to do top up with cash deposit
Why is it I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM?
what's three plus three hundred and fifty five
Is the weekend going to be nice?
what city were you born in
i think not
s1, will you further explain.
confirm that there is a reservation at bellagio for thomas
Where is the verification code display?
I would appreciate it if I could get an item refunded
get a table for me at 7 for 3 people at olive garden
what can i get with my mastercard points
Hi! A seller that I requested a refund from a long time ago has yet to send the money into my account, even though I keep checking it. Can the seller be contacted by you guys to see what's going on?
command was confirmed.
What is the population of Russia
please turn off the lights in bedroom
yeah right.
would you tell me your name
wonderful job, you have done well.
power up the plug socket one
stop and try what you've just said one more again.
route please
increase volume to fifty percent
What is the average temperature in March for Pennsylvania and how does that compare to the last 10 years?
tell me something funny
After transfering some money my balance hasn't changed.
my phone is lost and i need help finding it
Olly make the living room blue
Duplicate transactions appear on my account
play the god of small things
lady gaga
what kind of gas does my car use
hmm, it is not what i wanted.
olly could you shut down.
stock price for sprint
did i put cutting the grass on my todo list
negate last command
Wake me up at this time
find the next holiday
could you change the accent you're using
Send e-mail to Jim's work e-mail
let's play canasta
i need an uber that fits ten people to go to chipotle
I was charged an extra pound for no reason. Why is that?
please activate the vacuum cleaner
how can i redeem the points i've earned with my credit card
i need to know what the most recent update is on the status of my online purchase
Does Apple Pay give the option to top up?
please could you reset.
I would like a refund on the extra pound I was charged.
What time I am waking up tomorrow?
open papa pear saga
Will filling stations accept my card?
give me a current traffic report
resume the audiobook i listened to last
How long will my most recent transfer take to go through? The recipient needs the money urgently.
I think my identity has been stolen, can you check on unauthorized charges?
add newscast time to daily schedule
i like music
My card is showing a fee from when I used it, but I thought this card was supposed to be fee free?
from now on, my name is tom
Is there a way to transfer funds directly from my card?
how is the traffic at the moment
Can you please off the light?
There are funds in my app that I did not receive.
check if default alarm is set
play i spy with me
what is mary s.'s phone number
Set a reminder for my meeting at 5:00pm
turn off wemo socket
how long can i have pizza in the fridge
will nobu take reservations
this process needs to stop
i need to know my spending limit on my visa
explain how do i get new insurance
Do you think it would rain today?
could you stop talking for a second
i want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me
Can I get a recap of what is going on with Sprint right now?
i would have to say the answer to that is no
Should my cash withdrawal still be pending?
start my robot vacuum cleaner
i need you to tell me the credit limit for my republic bank card
what is the calorie content of a scoop of chocolate ice cream
how low can we get my phone bill
i ordered some curtains off amazon, can you tell me if it's been shipped yet
what's an interesting tidbit about rivers
The correct exchange rate wasn't given to me for an item I purchased.
please reminder for car meet
can you tell me the address where i am right now
What are the upcoming events?
Notify me on March 11th, the day of my appointment.
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
Can you pull up information on the singer(s) of this song?
what is a funny joke about car
Does a US transfer take long
how long should i cook carnitas for
pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
The ATM is showing it gave me the money I requested but I didn't get that amount.
Has my top-up gone through?
british columbia can be found in what timezone
Are SWIFT transfers supported?
go back to factory settings please
when is my order ready
brighten the lights in living room
How to get somewhere
Can someone assist me with the details explaining which fiat currencies that you support?
it's not the correct command.
all lights colour to blue please
How do i top up my google pay?
is there anything on my list today
whats the expiration date on my credit card
Please delete my account.
is it alright with you if i call you scarlet
Where can I find a Mastercard ATM?
is it going to rain tonight
listening song of arijit singh post it on my facebook account
does mary smith live on main street
is it dangerous to travel to mexico
I need to know where this charge is coming from?
i need to know where to get a w-2 form
What factors determine your exchange rate?
Remind me to meet James at work tomorrow at 9am
Which are well reviewed movies by Emma Watson
what's the change in best buy stick
Please update my grocery list with1 gallon of 2% milk.
where were you before
My beneficiary is not allowed?  Why?
Something is wrong with the top up! I'm a regular customer and use your service all the time, usually this works but now it just shows up as pending
I'd like my account to be deleted. I'm not satisfied with the service you provide.
what is the average wait for transfers
please play this song
take lunch with steven off of my calendar
there are anything in my list
play bbc radio
Who's emailed me recently?
let's go ahead and scratch laundry off my to do list, please!
since we're out of checks i want help purchasing new ones
order one coffee from nearest coffee shop
what plug does colombia use
how does measurement slugs convert to measurement lb
How would you describe the internet?
play tunes
i want volume set to 4
What are the local events?
run the vacuum cleaner
hows are ya
Delete all events for today.
How can I create another card linked to this account?
I want max volume on my speakers
What's around tonight?
remind me of meeting 5 minutes before time
what is the credit card apr exactly
increase lighting
whats the traffic density in
I attempted to get cash but was declined.
i need to know when should i get my tires changed next
set a notification for june fifth every year
tell me your age
how many things do i have planned tonight
have i gotten any new emails
save this channel on pandora please
Set the time zone to gmt
Can I use this app to change money?
Is this week a payday week?
What's happening today?
what should i wear is it cold outside
Do I have a busy day today?
I hate this ATM, it charged me an extra fee, Why did it charge?
what is the most concern issue in USA today and what can be done to deal with it effectively .
today my electric bill will be paid, or should be
my top up isnt there yet where do i find it
i need a reminder for ,my 5pm meeting
can i get a train ticket to chicago for next saturday around noon
what amount of miles are in a hundred kilometers
Make an order for Noodles 1 pack. make it as takeaway order
Are there any charges for using a bank card to top up
farewell
My transaction was just declined when I was using my disposable virtual card. What can I do?
i need to transfer my 401 k
who was your inventor
tell me all local events
please would you repeat that.
Is payment required to get a card of my own?
current stock price intel
Set the alarm to 7 am for work
can you tell me if eating at outback's any good
is it safe for me to visit malawi
turn up the brightness
Which ATM's will accept my card?
What will be weather for tomorrow in mumbai
i need some ambiance please
It is Ok to go out on sunny weather?
i like you to check and confirm detail please.
What is the time difference between California and New York?
pull up kate's email and write that i will let her know
hey siri cancel whatever is scheduled next on my calendar
open bank app and show my most recent transactions
I made a transfer a few hours ago from a UK banking account.  I do not yet see the transfer.  Please check on this for me.
please mute the sound
yes answer was confirmed.
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
what is the square root of 66
open chess game
Can I tell what business will take this card?
please tell me how to go about reporting a lost card
what are the kinds of things you can help me with
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it's just not working
what the mpg
search for any upcoming book fairs during next week in washington dc
order the best priced general tofu in nyack
I'm still waiting on my card to be delivered.
i would not mind for any one, olly.
If someone in a different country sends me money, do I have to pay a fee?
What is the weather going to be this weekend?
when did i last have my vehicle serviced
what is the capital of new hampshire
let me know the weather for today
Tell me latest updates of new york
s1, explain more on what you have just said to me please.
what've i got set for friday, the 13th, of next year
can you translate hello into swedish for me
What locations can I get money from?
Would you mind telling me what are the pending reminders.
please can you tell me what said again.
I can't do any business with this virtual card.
get an uber to pick me up at work and take me home
is there any traffic right now
If my phone was stolen, do I need to do anything?
read what i added to the reminder list
checkout today third set alarm
I need to know all new news on the Houston Texans draft.
i want you to delete my shopping list from last month
start a pot of coffee please
what is the name you have for me
i want a train ticket to oregon
speakers off
Can you tell me what the transfer policy is?
save the new list
how many ounces are in 4 pounds
How old do you need to be to use the banks services?
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
get me the number for local taxi service
Do I have to verify the top-up?
Do you issue cards for someone living in the US?
update work out list with new items
If my top-up didn't transfer, what went wrong?
what name do you use to talk about me
i need to tell you about my lost card
where were you born
google the object and see
Any specific event in Washington ?
tune into ninety nine point five fm
help me to mute my speaker
What do the disposable cards do?
does acero have good or bad ratings
can you tell me my location
how do i redeem my credit card points
who gave you life
I need to reverse a transaction
Can I have a card even if I am not living in the UK?
I completed a transfer that isn't showing up on my account.
how long does it take for the train to get to orlando
do i have enough in my chase account for new nikes
When was this song recorded?
yeah your understanding was confirmed.
Can I pick a new PIN?
how many inches are in 5 feet
are you well
Can i top up by card?
add eggs to my shopping list and remove cheese
Can you track my card for me?
What do I need to do to link my new card for my account?
prepare to send an outgoing reply message
where jackie chan currently live
Do I have anything booked for tomorrow?
I am still waiting on my card?
Olly do I have any emails from Robert
uh no, i think incorrect command.
what are some easy ways to make my credit score better
does peking garden take orders over the phone
set a timer for twelve seconds
How can I receive money?
Where's my card PIN?
find me a joke related to baseball
set a reminder to take out the trash
Please start Joe Rogan podcast please.
how long's it been since my car was at autozone
My transfer failed when I tried.
is there anything special going on nearby
anything would be good.
Is there a reason my top-up has not gone through?
i have a complaint
please search for portland's timezone
what is the current stock price of rolls royce
has the dollar rate increased ?
i want you to book a train ticket for me
Will the duplicated payment be refunded?
I would like to get help from someone in your customer service department with assisting me with activating my card.
Can you explain more about why should I verify my identity?
get me a taxi to take me to the airport on friday at five thirty am
what is dollar exchange rate with indian currency
uh no, you didn't get what i was looking for.
please set a reminder alarm for three pm on Saturday
I can not find my refund.
Switch on robot vacuum cleaner.
where can i get shawarma in this area
have i been spending excessively on donuts recently
Somebody is taking money out of my account without my approval in another town separate from me. Please place a freeze on my account until I can make it to the bank.
Where can I find an ATM?
Someone stole my wallet with my card in it while vacationing in Spain. I really need my card blocked and a new one ordered.
send a notification to friend
add practice to calendar on feb four at king's park at two pm
i want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey in five sentences
Why can't I withdraw funds from my account?
remove birthday party
what is my most played song
I would like a disposable virtual card, could I get one?
i need to know what the current apr is for my chase sapphire, please
pls add a birthday party on saturday evening
do they deliver home
what does my credit card charge for their annual percentage rate
There is a strange payment on my statement. What should I do?
Show me all scheduled alarms
help me get a rental car for march 2 to 6th in dallas and i would prefer a bmw suv
can you bring me a nice coffee
On October 1st at 2pm lunch with Ann
i like it
How long will I have to wait for my money to be in my account?
How does the exchange rate work on this app?
is hayden still living on turnpike lane
the song you are playing is amazing
my card got melted and i need to report it
Can I use your services without access to the app?
I would like to activate my card.
Play for me the programme Americal idol
Over the holiday I withdrew cash from the ATM and it seems that I was severely overcharged. Had I known that I would be charged those fees, I would not have used the ATM!
Where can cards be delivered?
tell me if the cheshire takes reservations
How do I get a visa card?
What is Mondays actual date?
what is the meaning of life?
what time does the train arrive at edinburgh
found card, how to put it back in app
Oh my goodness, my card has been declined twice at ATM! I tried two different ATM, but each one declined my card! Can you tell me what's going on with my account?
Can I use my Apple Watch to to top up?
What number of times can I top-up?
convert eastern time to western time
rate this song five stars and save the rating
On the card that is coming, what's the tracking info?
can credit card companies expedite delivery of reissued credit cards
delete 'sherlock holmes' from library
Play rooster teeth pod cast
how do i get to brighton
possibly either one
you've done that right thank you very much, olly.
what's td bank's interest rate
Do I need to set a limit on auto top-up?
how old is betty white
what is the square root of forty two
Check time of 10887 train From Luni station on Tuesday
i want you to repord my card as lost
How can I top up with Google Pay?
whats the name of the current song
Why wasn't my top-up accepted and where did that money go? At first it said it was confirmed but now I can't find it.
find me a train ticket for the next trip to washington dc
how many miles in five kilometers
will you please check and confirm detail.
There's an extra fee on my statement, why is that?
is there any new environmental news
what do i have going on may 4th
I need to cancel my recent transfer. I made a mistake. Please help quickly before the transfer goes through.
PLEASE TELL ME HOW MANY DAYS IN A LEAP YEAR?
i am on main street now, where is the closest bus stop to me
Can I get a real card?
dates for my car in the shop
i do not really mind for whatever.
I have a direct debit I didn't set up
what do i do to freeze my account
do i have twinkies on the grocery list
play track one from my david bowie playlist
i'd like for their to be a pto request for me made for the dates june 4th to june 8th
i need to report that my card is lost
my card declined yesterday and i want to know why
Is there a limit to top-up amounts?
are you happy?
give me instructions on how to change the oil in my car
what do i need to do if i want to ask for vacation time
turn the lights on
Why can't I see the top-up amount I just added to my account?
any one is okay to me.
time for my drive home station please
what paperwork will i need to visit northern ireland
WHY IS THERE AN EXTRA FEE FOR USING THE ATM??!!!
send a confirmation email to sandy
i want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
what alarms are set in the house
find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup
the weather is sunny today
julie's information
is there a travel alert for that country
put working out on my calendar for eight am every day this week
Please reserve an Uber right now
change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red
are my tires in need of air
sorry but it's not the right response.
no, definitely not
let's use whisper voice
complete a roll on a 4 sided dice
Oh my goodness, my card has been declined twice at ATM! I tried two different ATM, but each one declined my card! Can you tell me what's going on with my account?
Set a notification for my 12pm meeting 15 minutes before
let wendy's know i hate them
ask peking garden when my food will arrive
what's coming up this week
tell me a joke about a man
i like the female voice, switch please
For SEPA transfers, what kind of charge will be applied?
i just ordered food call and see it has been delivered
turn the volume up
what are departure arrival times for this train
Please play my 90's rap hits
Find the highest-rated recipe from FoodNetwork.com for a four-cheese omelette.
How long will it take for my transfer to arrive?
Send an email to my boss about my leave
please add the immigrant song by led zeppelin to my playlist
i need to set up a vacation request, what do i need to give you
Please change light color to purple.
will trump visit russia anytime soon
What is my list?
light green
Can I use this app for both USD and GBP?
how much longer until i need to get my oil changed
Will I get extra charges?
Why isn't my PIN available yet?
Who has written to me or mentioned me in social media?
how long does it take to make pho
Which ATMs accept Mastercard?
you have done that right appreciated.
shut down sps
is it noon in paris
What's traffic look like over the Golden Gate Bridge?
Why has my transfer failed?
I believe my card has been compromised as there's a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
buy train ticket
PDA can you remind me to go to the corner store on Tuesday.
switch off kitchen lights
What is the stock price of IBM?
annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food
its depend pon the seen
I did a transfer but it is still pending.
is mary smith in my contacts list
Someone stole my phone, what is my next step?
What is the residing place of cricketer dhoni?
What is the definition of god ?
You can send the email to abc@gmail.com, this is my new email address
Why is my top-up showing as cancelled?
I updated by balance with a cheque yesterday but it isn't showing on my account. Did something go wrong?
what is the weather like in grand rapids mi
turn off all alarms
play the urban radio station
confirmed.
set new alarm on five am
i like you just cancel it.
yes your understanding was perfect.
i want to hear the book written by the mother of the shooter at columbine
Why couldn't I make a withdrawal from the ATM?
save this song to playlist
will it take more than a month to get a new card
Explain why my card payment wouldn't go through.
Do I need to add my salary?
buy a train ticket from lakeland florida to new york
My card won't let me withdraw money.
How are cash withdrawals pending?
Please send a tweet to Food Lion about not having a clean restroom.
How much is the exchange fee?
status of my request for vacation
wake up time
i really enjoy rock and roll
I am not seeing a refund in my statement.
please create a new list
I'd like to know what the foreign exchange rate will be.
Find some classical music by Beethoven and play it.
what do i have on my calendar for monday the 1st of march
when do my tires need some changing
How man currencies can I hold?
can you repeat that please
can you tell me what day my next paycheck will come
excellent.
display address of john
Why is my refund not showing up on the statement?
check the last thing i said please.
Hi,I tried to get some money out but the machine was not working .The transaction still seems in progress! Can you please check what's going on.I don't want to be charged for money that I did not received.
can you change the volume to 4
by what name people call me
what time can i call from pennsylvania and it will be business hours in australia
i am thinking of switching to a different insurance plan
Says my transfer can't be completed?
What's the next event at the library?
can i increase thencrdeit limit for my chase visa card
yes, you got it
I have a new card and I want to activate it
what is five minus one
i need you to pair with my phone please
what do i do to schedule a meeting
what are you feeling today
check to see when my car was last in the shop
book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
is there any rain in the next 3 days
appreciated, that is great job.
can you elaborate that further please.
tell me a fun fact about the moon landing
Where can I locate my card PIN?
roll five sided dice
Olly, please set work meeting at 12pm for every Thursday in February.
tell me if i need any more vaccines if i go there
can you suggest meals from italy to me
i cannot get virtual card to work
where was steve jobs born
turn off lights in bedroom
i need to order more checkbooks by mail
would you please check the detail.
Give me the stock price of Sony
I have been charged two times for one transaction.
add my birthday to my calendar for next month on the 5th
how many ounces in a cup
What businesses accept my card?
can you put smooth operator by sade on my playlist
pay my electric bill from my park bank account
My PIN is locked, how do I unlock it?
you executed the command incorrectly.
i am confused because my account seems to have been blocked for no reason
what train companies are near me
i really need to set a timer
Is there a few for exchanging foreign currencies?
can i go outing without any raincoat
In the App I see a payment that is not mine.
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I don't recognize
turn wemo plug socket off
tell me the weather report for tallahassee
I used the ATM to get money out and did not realize I would be charged as much as I was or I would not have done that!
that's cool, thanks, olly.
play the next episode of a podcast
i think someone stole my card and used it
tell me something funny
which hospital is nearest to me
confirm my last command.
I think that my card has been stolen!
please cancel the transaction
delete all lists
do i have enough fuel in the gas tank
please will you clarify me more on that.
Play X on X radio.
please explain the rice recipe
Define session
did the yankees win last night
set an alarm for 2 hours from now please
direct me to the application for a new credit card
minimize the lights
How does identity check work?
silence PDA
beep when i get an email from john
order dog food from walmart
what is a sphere
what do i need for a plug in wales
am i speaking with a real person
what interest rate am i getting from onewest bank
i need to know current weather in new york city
Remind me about my meeting this afternoon please.
turn down media volume
What happened between the second and the fifteenth?
Please set alarm for
i need to go to dundee at five am on sunday by train
What is the definition of session
I did a top-up, but I'm not seeing it in my wallet yet.
how do i get a w2
tell me what is on the list
I need to move money from one of my other accounts to this one.
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
hello, how are you doing
Was this song in the top 20?
What is the source of funds for my money?
I tried to buy something online yesterday and got a message saying declined. I tried again today and got the same message. What's the problem?
add jim and jerry to event
play the most current episode of levin
i have no idea about what to select.
How many eggs should I put in my cake mix?
what time is it on the east coast of the united states
How do I link an existing card?
Delete all details of my calendar
show shops around second street
what events are this week
read my next reminders for this afternoon
Please start clash of clans
i need a virtual card
Please let me know what currency I can use to top up my account?
i will talk to you later on.
usa today headlines
what do i pay currently in income taxes
i need to get the interest rate of my savings account
will it rain today
Do I get to choose between Visa and Mastercard?
when is my order arriving
would you please check last thing i said.
thanks for reminding me, olly.
Set reminder
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
What do I do with my "decline" message on a transfer?
what's the minimum i owe on the car payment
is it raining in Barcelona
mute volume
what's the latest news from xinhua
I'm cancelling this charge. I still have not received what I bought from these people a while ago.
I need to update my demographics.
i desperately need to rollover my 401k somehow
i no longer want you to be synced to my phone
are you a real person or software
Better day tommorrow
what is the most famous cave in texas
set a calendar event to repeat yearly on this date
are there any ubers available that fit 5 people we are going to wendys
can you watch a movie on netflix with me
i wish to know my debit card's rewards balance
Please explain how disposable virtual card work.
change to a new accent please
Olly, find me the latest news right now
ai stop talking
I am overseas in China, can I get a replacement card?
i need a manger
meaning of life is
how would you describe the sun
Olly, name stores within 10 mile radius with music
i need you to add this email in my contacts
make sure there is no events on my calendar
instagram
My card is missing!  Help!
Should I take an umbrella with me tonight?
clarify me about that once again.
What is the time Central
start making some coffee
do you think i could get a target gift card with my credit card points
what alarms are set for today
olly please would you shut down.
What currencies can be used for top up?
Can you keep secrets?
what holiday is coming up
what steps do i do to get a real card
There is an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account for 500£.  I definitely didn't make this withdrawal.  I need your help.
how much rate will be calculated
show me tutorials on cooking food
do i have any new email
I don't know the code for the app.
How do I edit my details?
talk quieter please
i want to report a stolen card
list to do
find me starbucks
Who should I talk to or go to resolve a duplicate charge on my statement?
how is a vacation request made
What do I do if my card is not working?
please remind me later
will trump visit russia anytime soon
can you increase my credit limit
can you text elizabeth and tell them i forgot to bring drinks
tweet my complaint on targets customer service
does charley's steakhouse deliver
i need to know how long until the next day off
My card information seems to have been stolen! I don't know where these transactions came from and I've never even been to the city where they were made. I need my card blocked ASAP so this person can't keep using my card.
your help is appreciated
whatever would be good.
show me last transaction
i like this song that is playing
What do I do if I already had a card with you guys?
inform about best circus near me
you should reset your factory settings
do not mind to select any one.
confirm a movie ticket at glory theater
"where is improve the credit score
Send email to <email address>
absolutely correct
This transfer incurred a fee that I don't think is right.
meeting this friday
you can take laundry off my todo list
i need to edit marie jones email address to read
are there recommended vaccines to go there
My atm withdraw is stillpending
Can you send an email to Chelsea please
how are things going for you
yes amazing response.
Is there a training scheduled for tomorrow?
change my alarm
start playing ringcast
what is the answer to that question
I was declined when I tried to take out cash!
please tell me again.
what are the latest tweets on my twitter account
please tell me the definition of home
Olly, Whats the stock price of apple?
I think the exchange rate was incorrect.
Is it acceptable to use my card anywhere?
i must change your name to amanda
is this the correct area code for my boss
pending transaction?
it doesn't matter to me.
shit, it isn't what i was searching for.
Please tune in to 97.5 FM
i need to know my cable bill minimum payment
Please remind me I need to pick my clothes from the cleaner today.
Tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job.
play bbc radio four
do you know what is for dinner
add new items in the remainder list
i need to top up by card.
Did anyone send me an email?
My top up says it is still pending
please define forensic
how many miles across is the widest part of the grand canyon alexa
Please lower the volume
can you remind me what i was trying to remember
I got charged twice for the same payment. Please removed the pending payment. Thank you.
is there anything left on my list
it's perfect.
where can i get shawarma in this area
pay the cable bill with my visa card
cancel alarm
what day of the week does the next holiday fall on
how do i cook meatballs
this doesn't really matter with me, olly.
How old is Barack Obamba?
I want to choose a different PIN.
Do i got anything planned for today
How do I protect my phone from someone using it after I lost it.
what's the cost of my dte bill plus my electricity bill
Could you please explain why I received a message that my transfer is not possible? I've never had any problems making a transfer in the past.
give me the details on elton john
please tell me to take my umbrella because it will be very hot today
place a stop on my main account for me please
you did wonderful work, appreciated.
could you speak up
There is a withdrawal on my account that I don't remember initiating.
Why is my last transfer pending?
Did you place the reminder about the meeting for tommorrow
how long will my eggs be good for
define the meaning of life for me
Says that my top-up is incomplete?
play classical music playlist
What does triumph mean?
what name should i call you
what do i have going on next friday?
what will the date be 100 days from now
does my car need specific fuel
my card got melted in the dryer and i need to report it, please
My card hasn't arrived in the mail yet. I ordered it two weeks ago. What can I do?
please would you check instruction.
book a train ticket from orlando to chicago
please play help
Where can I find out how to transfer money into my account.
tune me song in radio.
I want to transfer money from another account into this one.
Top-up is loaded into the card and no update.
Can I change my currency from USD to EUR?
can you call me a different name
How many people were at the protest in Times Square, yesterday at Noon?
This Direct Debit payment may not be right.
heading to gym please post to facebook
How do I cancel a purchase?
what is the time right now
i want the email to be sent to my new email address abc@gmail dot com
it's wonderful work.
My transfer will not go through.
What is the date of the last Sunday in the month.
Please find today's stock prices for Samsung company.
olly that's enough, stop.
i need to know all my spending transactions
I didn't enjoy my tutor session and want a refund back. How do I go about doing this?
what is the factor that let modi win the election
Do I have a limit to the number of top-ups per day?
How do I auto top-up?
google music find me some Enya to listen to
shhhh
add these documents to the things i need to travel with
sorry but that was not the correct command.
what are some things to do in portland
This company isn't good, I would like to delete my account.
i need to know the conversion for dollars to pesos
what's the day today
olly would you just stop please.
I would like to top up via credit card, which credit cards do you support?
thanks for reminding me.
it's good job, i appreciate it.
what is the sensex and nifty points for today
can i see my health benefits
tell me the weather for today
julie's information
I need to know which flat currencies are supported by you.
bring up all the runner lights
What's 13+14?
tell me what weather is outside
are there any alarms set right now
i want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare
change the time
change to whisper mode
Is it possible to exchange USD and GBP on the app?
what are you programmed to do for me
book me a return trip from edinburgh to london by train
How do I link a card that I already have?
I can not find my card pin.
how does a virtual card work
i need a suite that can accommodate 3 adults and 1 child in san diego for may 15th, 16th, and 17th
Turn down volume
Tell me meaning of hurricane
start radio BBC one
will the chicken have gone bad if it's been in the fridge since monday
PDA when is my alarm set for?
What are the stock prices of Target?
Make the living room light orange.
Tell me the locations of my meetings for today.
update my list with shoes
I tried to make a transfer but it failed. will you tell me why?
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
vaccation
I got a transfer fail message, but no explanation of why-- what happened?
connect me with some new insurance
could you again rephrase me about your words.
Please increase volume in music player.
what's the proper way of spelling seance
my card was malfunctioning and was returned to me
What traffic is there on the route to the Pittsburgh airport?
for my water and electricity, how much is the bill
What does the clock say?
they sold out of tacos at the buffet
what is the nearest theatre that plays the new vin diesel movie
please send a notification when john replies
There is a cash withdrawal transaction that I am unsure of.
appreciate it
are the ratings for yardhouse good
siri what is the definition of ziggurat
if you were to call a place your beginning, your home start, where would that be
PDA play from this point form this audiobook
would you skip past this song and just play what comes next
what is twenty percent of one hundred and twenty
What are the scores from last night's hockey games.
whats the currency exchange rate for china
where is the closest uber
Please start the playlist Huey Lewis and The News.
book an uber from my location to the theatre
we have to speak in english
what is the day on 23rd march
If my transfer is from Europe how long will it take?
find me the song currently palying
weather
checkout today set alarm of ten am
Tell me how to renew my new card?
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
PDA, I'm into 80's music.
Reply to all emails received from 10pm to 9am
are there still tickets to the kiss concert?
What song in the theme song for Frasier?
i want to use the female voice now
please check detail.
im not sure what this charge is for
Please sent this email to my friend
Tell me the takeaway food around this place
Should I wear boots today?
Please, send email to Pawel with reminder
Find me kiss fm channel.
I have a second credit card from the US. Will you take it?
what does one plus
Start game temple runner
What should I do?  My card has been stolen!
is mexico a safe place
yeap excellent response to the command.
Play music now, please.
please abort the current task
set the event name to ____
sorry but i think it is not the right answer.
The app is showing a direct debit transaction that I did not perform
i think you've done task in wrong manner.
what do you recommend to do in vegas
yeah it's confirmed.
If I top up by card, what options do I have re: currency and card type?
why types of animals do you currently have as pets
find a recipe for homemade bread
please remove sporty event from list
weather news
book my nearest available taxi
What is the linear equation
What do you base your exchange rates on?
lower the light to forty percent
I need to know what time it is right now in New york city.
my car needs maintenance prepared
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged on my card for a restaurant visit. I would like to get my money back.
Do I have the address for the apple store in my contacts?
Exchange rates of INR and USD
My card won't work at all for anything.
i am going to australia and want to be notified of any travel alerts
what type of event
Create an alarm for 5 pm.
the exchange rate I got for cash was wrong
Is there a problem with my account? When I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM I was denied.
where to funds come from
my card just got declined when i was in home depot buying tile
what's my credit limit on my visa
please tell me what my bank routing number is
what is my event schedule tomorrow
what is the current time in chennai
will you add what i'm listening to to my road trip playlist
what is the plan for tonight
can you translate this name into spanish for me, please
set a timer at five am seven days a week
Why did my payment get declined?
increase volume please
are there meeting rooms available between 4-8
remove my task list
minimize the lights
Can you please check the exchange rate when I was getting cash?
A fee was charged for my recent withdrawal.
what is the root of six hundred and twenty five
will it rain on friday PDA?
What is the procedure to transfer money to my account?
i'm driving from la to denver and need my bank notified
Why hasnt my top up gone through yet?? I thought it was suppose to be instant? Am I wrong? Why is it still pending?
I am waiting on this refund, hurry up.
play rohan sharma podcast for me
Are there any pharmacy store nearby?
please tell me that message spoke once more.
What is the price of Starbuck's stock?
reviews of the restaurants
show me my contacts
play my morning playlist
yes you've done command exactly.
add apples to shopping list
date in new york
describe a romantic love
what is the exchange rate between british pounds and yen
Please terminate my account.
Canceling my order is what I need to do right now.
Where do I get a disposable card
roll a dice and give me a number from 1 to 6
who is the current us treasury secretary
What is the top-up limit for my card?
do you know if outback allows reservations
where to buy a train ticket
what is the cost for exchanging currencies?
I used an ATM and there was an extra charge.
change back to factory settings
A step by step guide for how to save music,
abort it
would you tell me that once again.
is the song by shakira
Plan a meeting with John on 21 Mar at 11 AM
book a train ticket for me
Will you charge me for topping up with a European card?
I enjoy listening to this song, it really calms me down
Can I dispute a debit payment that I am seeing that I didn't make from a couple of months ago?
i need to know what is the date today
what is the last transaction on my visa card
When you ask it to schedule an appointment that it can email the specific person and provide available dates from your calendar.
what is the forecast?
The fee charged when I changed rubles into British pounds was too much.
remind me of the invoice total for my plumbing bill
that's cool, thank you so much, olly.
what does indignation mean
go passed the song now
what is the highest rated movie this week
you do not get this right.
will you summarize my health benefits
get all availables
Hows Mysore climate today
What services can I use to top up?
when was the last time my car was serviced
am i eligible for a new credit card
i need to change my house lights colour to blue
How do you top up with a cheque?
Can I change my card PIN?
can i get takeaway from pings
i believe there are fraudulent charges on my card how can i report them
When will my transfer process?
please further rephrase it.
Tell me popular phrases in Spanish.
How long does it take to make vegetable lasagna?
thanks but it is not correct command.
How do I know where the funds come from?
how do i make beef stroganoff
please will you check it.
compare between google pixel and iphone 7
i need you to cancel my reservation for smith at the williams diner
please change the light colors to red
add soda on my shopping list and remove carrots
open cnn app
Can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
is there a foreign currencies charge?
Can I request a physical card?
how much is dollars american worth in yen
how long does delivery take?
take my dinner plans off my calendar for tomorrow
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
I want to post on Twitter.
when will our next day off be
i would like to hear again.
i lost my phone and need help retrieving it
confirm the alarm time
The app denied my topped up.
alert me at ten am please
Dim the lights in my bedroom
what is the gas mileage on a 2012 ford fusion
i want a not only to direct me to an internet site but actually answer any given question
can I transfer my salary if it's in a different currency?
please play help
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
i want you to be in whisper mode now because i am in the library
the steak must go under the broiler for how long
why is there a service fee on my statement?
what's the amount of pto i have left
change alarm setting
what are exchange rates
that's amazing work, thank you, olly.
i need to book a place to stay in phoenix from the 5th to the 9th of march
Book a first class ticket in the next train to Miami
can you tell me what dendrofilous means
play anything by cat stevens and i'll be happy
i appreciate that answer
WETHER IT WOULD BE SUNNY IN CALIFONIA
Olly what's on my lists
What should I do if I think someone is using my card without my permission?
what is going on around me
Does it cost anything to top up?
Please help!  The app won't let me cancel a money transfer.  I accidently sent money to an account that wasn't mine.  I need this cancelled immediately.
kill all the frogs you see, PDA.
How fast can I transfer something from China?
I tried to top up with my card but it was declined. I was able to a couple days ago and it worked. Is something wrong? Can you check it for me please?
requesting money transfer between accounts
How do I report my card lost or stolen?
is this program is scheduled
when does my oil need some changing
show me podcasts
how full are my tires
A card has been sent to me, how do I track it?
turn the wemo off
does my shopping list include corn
I need to set a reminder on the third of every month to call my doctor.
set an alarm for seven thirty am
Can I receive a new card while I am in China?
Hey Olly, what do you store about me?
i require a coin flip
Where is my top-up verification code?
I have a direct debit charge that I do not recognize
Olly, when does the closest bar close?
Don't forget about meeting Reveca todat at 6:00pm
Please explain the rice recipe .
is there a travel alert for canada
I am in bad mood, tell me a joke
would you shut off.
The ATM only gave me 10 pounds when I withdrew 30. What do I do?
what are ways to build credit
any one will be ok for me.
Am I permitted to have a spare card?
I want to reverse a transaction I did this morning
switch off the wemo plug socket
Read my list to me.
i'm craving for italian food, where should i go
How are the exchange rates determined?
when is john's birthday
define xy
nice job, you have done well, olly.
start play spider
Where can I view my PIN?
will you please confirm last thing i said.
Nikki Minaj nationality
i want to know if i shouldget a tourist visa for italy
What is my most recent email?
Start new email for Yulia
i want know about carry-on for frontier
need a hot coffee
how is the traffic at the moment?
why hasn't my virtual card arrived?
don't care, olly.
what is a peso worth in dollars
find out if kfc delivers please
I would like to have a Mastercard.
did my order ship
lights at percent
where do I request a disposable virtual card?
Check most current emails
was there an improvement to the US economy
i need some recommendations for fun tourist activities in washington, dc
I tried to buy something and it was declined and my transfers keep getting declined, Why?
How come my money hasn't shown up yet?
do i need a vaccination to go to greece
Find a taxi service close to me.
you did great job,.
are there any traffic delays
it was nice job, thank you so much.
add mountain dew to my list for shopping
How long does it take to transfer from china? Is there a way to transfer it quickly, I need it urgently?
What's the weather next Wednesday?
What does my daughter need to open an account?
yeap that's correct.
where did i last put my phone
so do you like cats or dogs
Tell me if globalwarming is true
how full or empty is my tank of gas
report the current time in oakland
Are there any hidden limit on the auto top-up?
i hate how long the traffic jams get
do i have any new friend requests
KYA TUM MERE FRIEND KE PAAS EK EMAIL BHEJ SAKTE HO.
where can i find when my car payment bill is due
i need to know what i have on my shopping list
when will my vacation time be confirmed
Hey i need help urgently. I just realised I sent my payment to the wrong account number, there is a typo! Please cancel it immediately, I can't do it anymore from the app
oh no, i didn't say it.
excellent response to the command.
are my tires due to be changed soon
please make sure the alarm is set
Is Apple Pay a possible top up option?
i just used my final check order more
i am itching to travel but don't know where to go
thanks for asssistance.
Heyy I tried to top up with my card today but it failed! I just got the couple days before but it has worked last time. What's going on, can you double check please?
I desperately need to change my PIN, but I'm overseas on vacation right now. How can I do this?
I made an international purchase, but the exchange rate was wrong
Lower the lights in the house please
20 questions. You start.
oops, i think that was not right.
Something is wrong with my top up and I can't see it. How do I find it?
What is the name of this musical group
what did you mean by saying it.
I want to change my name.
in what month will my card reach expiration
Can you let me know why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
How much do I have to pay for the exchange fee?
what is the interest rate i can get from the beginning of next year
please call the golden fork and tell them to deliver one portion of the fish risotto
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
What's with not verifying my Id?
please adjust the colors in my lights
i would like to know my income
Now that I live in the US how can I get a card?
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
Wake me up at 9 am.
which pubs participate in the Jazz Festival
fantastic response to the command.
whatever is good with me, olly.
why didnt my account allow a transfer
check my last command please.
tell me a joke please
yes that's amazing.
it should spices
i want you to recommend a good local restaurant to me
Do I need snow boots?
please would you check the detail.
What is necessary for the identity verification?
how's the weather like in beijing
tell comcast i am still on hold
I need a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can that transaction be reversed? I am worried about accidentally giving my money away.
today's closing price for google
i need to hear what you've said again.
What's the current weather in New Jersey?
Turn off my first alarm
DO I have to be 18 to open an account?
what's jesse's birthday
ask my brokers
play the song coming on next
will using a different type of gas matter for this car
May 22 is my birthdate and i want to know the what day is 23rd may
too loud
Convert 10 inches to centimeters.
I will need a reminder of the 3:00pm teachers meeting on Thursday.
I think my top up was reversed.
list the latest apple stock prices
sorry but i think you are not right.
Can I already use my account although the identity verification has not passed yet?
Why was my transfer charged a fee?
book Ola cab for now
where do i go to find the interest rate on my savings account
eleven madison park takes reservations right
Find out more about the annual tea party.
i have no idea for what to do, olly.
how many songs did michael jackson write
what does traffic look like at 9 en route to the aquarium
let my bank know i'm going to be in russia for a month
HOW DO I TRANSFER MONEY FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT?
what alarms do i have set right now
stop the transaction
can you remind me about the gym class in two hours
add clean bathroom to my to do list
can you translate where's the bar into irish for me
Show me where to order my card.
i want to explore a new place but don't know where i should go do you have any ideas
I just bought an item and would like to stop payment, is this possible?  The item has not been received yet.
What is going on around me?
I would like a disposable virtual card, could I get one?
My card won't work right now.
i can't say for certain either way
Is topping up free?
which type of gas should i get
I tried to get cash at some ATM in the city centre earlier but the machine declined my card. I've seen it still shows up as pending in my account. Please cancel it immediately as I definitely have not received that money!
What time is it, relative to New York?
what currencies can I receive my salary in with this?
is a plug converter required for haiti
please turn off kitchen light for me
may you stop a paymet on my account
remind me of the last date that i got my car checked
I have no more money in my account.  Is there a way to do a bank transfer to put money into my account?
tell me the best recipes for a given dish
Olly I love Kfix so much he's by far my favorite
i dont want any alarms
Time difference between UK and US
how warm is it in columbus ohio
Current exchange rates for UK pound
The refund on my account hasn't shown up
Please tell me how to get a physical card.
Please update me on my social media accounts.
How can I get paid in a different currency?
What transfer methods do you accept?
add paav bhaji in menu card
set a notification for june fifth every year
yeah great response to command.
Please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me.
I made a transfer the day before yesterday within this country. It is still not showing up at all. I have double-checked and the account number is certainly right. I've actually type this multiple times. can you look into what is going on here?
i dont want any alarms
Alexa, lower lights down
I live in the US but want to get a card
one thousand two hundred and thirty pm already you will have a meeting in ten mins
i need to know what my health benefits cover, please
can you understand me, if i start talking in italian
what is inches in centimeters
i need to put in a cancellation for the dinner plans tonight
tell me everything about umf
I need to order a new card as my other one was stolen.
Is there a limit on how much I can top up?
Why was the exchange rate different when I withdrew my cash?
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
that's great one, thanks.
how can i make sure that my credit score does not decrease
What time does the meeting start?
how long does it take to get to el paso on a bus
turn off audio
yeap exact response to command.
how soon will my card arrive?
what is my credit score
I need to know which fiat currencies I can use with you.
do i get a replacement card mailed, and when
is the apr on my card that ends 1234 what it should be based on my credit score
can i change this light to orange
would you mind switching to whisper mode
find a non stop train to seattle
Olly, please start the coffee.
Is my schedule free today?
what do i need to get to put into homemade tortillas
How old is Draymond Green
When is my meeting?
Can I make transfers before identity verification?
I feel like playing chess, can you play that?
please unsync from my phone right now
i need to know when to change oil
connect to my device
i did not get your words.
let me understand my credit rating
when is my electricity due date
thanks for the helps.
Is it possible to order another card?
what alarms are set right now
dont understand why transfer failed
Please show me how my friend can send me money.
i need to report fraudulent activity on my card
Tell me my congressional representatives voting records on reproductive health issues.
set alarm of every tuesday of march month morning eight am
i need to download my w-2 form
Does it cost anything to do currency exchanges?
i am sorry but it's not correct response.
what's my interest rate from january
how much time do i have for vacation saved
Search Order of the Green Hand podcast number 300
can you tell me what list i have
What do i need to verify my id?
i want some curry to go any recommendations
will i make it on the gas i have to orlando
tell the latest news about the trump
How far is Orlando from my house?
How do I get my salary through this account?
play news in fm
what movies are playing this week
Why did my transfer not go through?
The music volume should increase to 90
on mobile charger plug
whats a good joke?
help me jump start my car
decrease volume to very soft
where can i got to grab some drinks in west chester
did you watch the news about the car accident that happened last night
How do your exchange rates factor in?
What is the cost for physical cards?
check to see how long of a wait i would be facing if i go to outback steakhouse
how can i check my credit card limit
sayonara
Why hasn't my transaction arrived?
what time is it in Sweden as we speak?
pair with my phone please
Book train to LA
Why was I charged a fee when I paid with card?
I sent some money to somebody a couple of hours ago, and they still have yet to receive it.  They really need the money, how much longer are they going to have to wait?
who was john dillinger
Can i choose a specific delivery date?
can you remove this event from my calendar, please
i would not really mind.
i'd like to hear your phrase spoke again.
please revert to the original settings
Siri what is the elevation of Denver Colorado?
turn off lights
help me set up a meeting please
find my current location
who takes less of duration of time for delivery
i was at target trying to buy candles and my card got declined
set the music volume to ninety
turn off media volume
How do I add money to my card?
What does two plus two equal?
Can I change my in at all ATM's?
Check to see if I have new emails please.
this room lights off
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
How fast can you deliver?
how are things in the world
i will be in lakewood from monday to wednesday and i need a hotel room for 4 people
i want to transfer my 401k
Is it going to snow?
i need the times for the south bound train on allison rd
tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
include this item
can I get a taxi to come to my house in an hour?
Olly what is it today
Delete the monthly recurring team meeting till June.
can you tell me what time it is in dallas
using my salary as a basis, what taxes will i owe
where is the kiss concert?
If I exchange foreign currency, are there any other charges?
call city cab to airport
what's the quickest way to a bank
which type of pets do you have
Tell me the weather in Miami Florida.
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
Play some old school rap.
Help Me!  I lost my card.  What should I do?
please help me figure out where my lost phone is
is there is a high traffic
please mute the sound
time in Las Vegas?
convert currency calculator
Could you assist me in finding my lost card?
what ingredients do i need for gumbo
Show me politics news from today.
I no longer have my phone, what should I do?
Why do you need my name and ID
can you replay your phrase you just said.
i need to play sims
olly i want to hear some rap please
Change volume
Please create a new list
whatever would be good.
How can I change my password?
Please tell me how long do you think Trump will last.
How can I reset my PIN?
is the beltway backed up in traffic on saturday mornings at 11 am during the cherry festival
pls send a mail to my hubby i will late tonight
How do I find the PIN?
what time will my flight reach the destination
i need a ride in an hour
what the heck is qat
How can my friend send money to me?
I'm not recognizing the card payment.
Please give me a Mastercard instead.
What form of payments can I use for topping up?
What happened to the money that I deposited?
Which day is Friday the 13th this year
turn on your whisper mode
what is the time at singapore when our time is five pm
let me cash my credit rewards
How much is the charge to top up via credit card?
I deposited a cheque and its been days and I still haven't received the cash!!
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
what going on
number of calories in coke
Did any emails come for me in the last 5 hours?
my auto tires need to be checked out so where can i get an appointment
what do i have in my bank accounts right now
can you simulate a dice roll
Hi. I just withdrew cash from an ATM and received the wrong amount. However, my app shows the correct amount I withdrew. How do I get the rest of the cash?
Has **** sent me any emails?
what are the contents of my shopping list
exchange rate of euro with dollar
it does not really matter with me.
Why am I not allowed to verify my id?
dammit, not correct.
turn off my wemo plug socket
will you add what i'm listening to to my dinner playlist
The wrong exchange rate was used when I bought something with a foriegn currency.
My funds are not transferring to my bank. Why is this not working?
you are helpful, thanks.
what is today's weather forecast
read me the last email from stefan and oil change
cancel all meetings for today
What's my next scheduled alarm?
please tell me how many vacation days i currently have
Cooking
I tried to get cash at some ATM in the city centre earlier but the machine declined my card. I've seen it still shows up as pending in my account. Please cancel it immediately as I definitely have not received that money!
hi send reply to victor cant able to attend meeting on 22/04/2017
resume the reading of the french lesson
i'm searching for a 2-way flight from yqg to heathrow for w to memorial day
I thought I lost my card but I found it today, so I would like to reactivate it.
Where do I go to fill out the identity form?
which domestic animal do you prefer, dog or cat
In what way can I use the disposable cards?
I topped-up my account, but I don't think it went through.
could you reserve me a hotel room in philadelphia near chinatown from 3/19 through 3/22
olly please will you just cancel.
My payment is taking a long time to go through.
show me how to change my oil
go back to animal farm
describe a romantic love
turn on spotify shuffle
yeah it's confirmed.
will the temperature be higher than 40 tomorrow?
what is that on the list
Book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may 2 for stored passenger list
what was the date of my last paycheck
thanks but i think you did not get the answer correctly.
will you tell me who made the ai
great response to command.
Cash deposit to my account but it has not appeared.
i would prefer to hear the female voice
My exchange rate is wrong when I get cash.
remove my morning alarm
i need to know how many days i toof off
how big is the tower of london
are there any good restaurants in nyc that serve barbecue
Why did I get blocked?
How can a payment be declined
Find grocery store with an organic section near me.
please make coffee
what's the balance in my checking
In exchange for top ups will you take fees?
Check and see if I've received any emails from Eddie Richards having to do with budgets.
what should I make for dinner?
ai toss the dice
play chess
you helped a lot, thank you.
what's the apr like for my credit card
Could I reactivate my card please, I couldn't find it but it turns out it was in my jacket pocket.
I recently deposited a cheque and cannot find the cash from it.
Where can I get a disposable virtual card?
show time in china
time difference between uk and us
Can someone please assist me with finding my nearest ATM?
what's the exchange rate between czk and euro
is there any uber available to take me to the airport
Tweet the following:  DirecTv has horrible customer service.
my account needs to be frozen
let sal know by text i will be attending
olly can you please shut off.
are there any travel alerts for mountain view
do i have any new messages in twitter instagram or facebook
Where do I order a virtual card?
remind me about the meeting
turn corner light on
Define organism
Where does the exchange rate stand right now?
no, not right response.
What mail do I have?
dollar rate of philippiness peso
give me recipes
can you top up your account automatically
add coffee to the grocery list
alter the color of the lights at home
passcode retrieval
Are there any ATM's near me that accept this card?
delete last entry
Play some classic rock before I lose my mind.
set meeting with the ceo tomorrow
What events are happening soon?
do i have many health benefits
Please power down.
find out the best tourist attractions to visit in moscow
Set an alarm for 5 am
Where did Mel Gibson grow up?
do i have any new emails from dan
Thumbs up this song
can you please clarify me about this further.
start playing my most recent podcast
do you know french
have i gotten any emails lately
go to next episode
how many calories would i consume if i ate a loaded hotdog
what is the time in geneva
Recent advice concerning Google SEO
please revert all settings to factory default
get that correcly.
suggestions for future
i need help paying my phone bill
dim the garden light by half
I just topped up, and the app denied it.
what is the total day off have i taken
how come starbucks declined my card when i tried to use it to pay
Olly, create an empty calendar event for next Saturday at ten a.m.
ai how are you doing on this fine day
correct response.
can you tell me what date my credit card expires
Do I have any recent emails?
what's bank of america's routing number
Hi i received an error message informing me about the transaction failure. I have done the money transfer before and it never failed. Please let me know what is the issue this time.
I want to remove full details on my calendar
i have to send a text
put one hundred and seventy five bucks in my wells fargo checking account from my citibank savings account
What should I do?  I topped off but the app reversed  it.
Hoe do i use my credit card to transfer money?
I am being charged a pound out of nowhere. What is this?
Next one
i need to hear the last spoke again.
What do you think was the best decade?
what's the rate between pesos and yen
I have a meeting with Al on March 21st at ten
10 minutes is what the timer should be set at
please calculate my vacation time
Olly, what are some restaurants near me?
find my next event and delete it please
What countries are getting support?
what kind of vacation days have i used so far
tell me again.
i have to get my 401k rollover because i just got a new job
My phone was stolen, what should I do?
Scan my inbox for any new emails from Robert.
Tell me later to file the invoice
Open parcheese game for you and i.
Dim the living room lights
Why wasn't my top-up accepted and where did that money go? At first it said it was confirmed but now I can't find it.
please let us try the utterance spoke one more again.
add ashley to the wedding invite list
Status of the card I ordered.
will you please add cannons by phil wickham to my playlist
what does one plus
create a list of jewels to be bought
i was unclear about this.
Is it snowing in Seattle?
I need to know when a payment will actually go through. I completed a payment using my card but it is just showing as pending at this point and it has been a while ago.
i need to know if angelos takes reservations
tell my facebook group that i've arrived
show me what day the thirty first is on
show me the current time
remind me to check the oven in 15 minutes.
what is left in my gas tank
give me the number to mom
What is the reason my payment was not accepted?
I think I forgot my passcode
It's been a week since you sent my card and I still don't have it.
Can I top up with a cheque?
please can you once again elaborate your response.
hey olly turn up the lights a little
we should play nfs at high speed
start a new email to george brown
i need help. I updated my balance with a check yesterday and Im not seeing it. Can you look at my account to see what went wrong?
I need a new card.
the last friday of the month lands on what day
I want the time for another city outside US
Help me get to sleep.
What artist is this?
Check new emails in the last day
who do i report card theft to
get news about new foreign policy
convert 20 yen to dollars
There is a record of payment I never submitted on the app.
tell me what today's date is
Google, brighten the lights.
When was Albert Einstein born?
please make the lights watching friendly
Will it cost extra to add money to an international card?
what lists are available
anything is ok with me.
what kind of weather can i expect now
My rate of exchange was wrong.
open podcast player
confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
could be
at what point will this flight start letting people board
olly please will you shut down.
what time the costco close
What do I do if my card gets broken?
what do you like to do when you have spare time
please speak one more again.
tlemcen weather
can you wake me up at noon
is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
open a new list for me
Get me the most recent news
I want to do X thing every day, please set a reminder.
what meetings are on my schedule today between 1:00 pm and 4:00 pm
Traffic alert
How long before my order is delivered?
should i get any shots before i go to south africa
please turn socket off
What happens if the ATM gives me the wrong amount of money?
I did not want you to send that text yet, wait until I say send.
turn on an alarm for 9am
Do you need to know my first and last name?
Why did I get charged for something I bought online? Even though it was international, I thought it would be covered.
i want you to turn the tv on
I want to know where my money comes from.
Please add this email to my contacts
set a new reminder for tomorrow at 4am
is there traffic on the way to work
Will I be charged for transfers?
How old do kids have to be to open an account?
How do I get rid of my account ASAP?
where's my package right now
When is financial meeting scheduled?
how do i order more checkbooks for my well's fargo account
that's a good song
What do I do if I see a transaction on my card that I don't recall making?
show me how to top up
How long until my order arrives
my credit rating is what
search for the best spagetti recipe
olly would you shut off.
i need you to send a text
I would like it if I could get an item refunded
save this songs genre for me
My card was declined but it shows as multiple charges?
I was charged twice for the same purchase!
please cancel the input
thanks for your help
can you set me a reminder
is the song by shakira
i want dimmer lights
remove all alarms set today
where should i go to eat tonight
what ingredients do i need for gumbo
please show me best run program in jodhpur
Is there a way to track my card?
dammit, i think you made some mistakes, please change that.
phone sarah
I got a message saying I made a withdrawal from the bank machine, but I did not.
It is extremely important that I cancel the transfer I made yesterday and put the money into a different account.  Is this possible?
open jokes
please help me apply for a silver card
I don't have the device I used to log onto the platform so I can't access it.
how many calories does two bananas have
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again this morning.
would you just cancel it please.
tell me the definition of arrow
skip this one
what do i need to get done today
my account is showing a charge to venmo that i did not make
I CAN NOT FIND THE TOP-UP VERIFICATION CODE.
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
can you pull up information on the singer of this song
your name is roman
what is the day today
phone is at a hotel, can i still use app
Tell me your opinion on the exchange rate.
i do not want my phone synced anymore
what's the timezone for boston
set up a report for a lost card
how much is 10 USD to CAD
how many miles per gallon do i get
how long does it take to cook roast beef
Where can I find a list of descriptions the disposable cards have?
make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled
more lights please
Why was there a fee for paying by card?
may i please have a definition for the work churlish
can i put in a pto request for monday to wednesday
How can I check if I have received a refund if it is not yet on my statement?
i do not catch up with you.
The other bank confirmed a transfer I made, but this account is not reflecting it yet.
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
change the lighting to blue
I WANT TO LISTON ARIJIT'S SONGS, PLZ TUNE THAT.
Pull up a complaint for for AOL.
set my temp to 75
what you just said is wrong
I've been waiting for a top up to come through for over an hour and I need the funds now.
i want to hear purple haze
I'd like to order another card
book me a hotel room in memphis for 3 people from 3/6 until 3/10
i need a new card because my dog chewed on it and now it does not work
Hi, Yesterdays i was unable to do online shopping as it was getting declined. Today I am facing the same issue. Please help me in this respect.
delete all recurring staff meetings
is there any events are in the local area
Book me a train ticket to Atlanta, please.
When I attempted to make a transfer, it failed.
i don't know where i put my phone
i want you to order everything on my shopping list
I have a question about fee for cash withdraw.
make an uber reservation to the ymca, center city, philadelphia, please
please unsync phone from phone from home system
I don't know my password
can i increase the credit limit for my western union credit card
that isn't what i meant.
Can I get a card outside the UK?
what meetings do i have next thursday
would you check and confirm the question please.
what do i have to do on january 1st
play x together
schedule my meeting with jim at 3pm
does mr t have a family
please increase volume
Display all unread messages from my gmail account.
How many bones does a human body have
can i use something else if i don't have eggs
I have been double charged
The terminal I paid at wouldn't take my card. Is something wrong?
how is the traffic presently near central park road
HEY, SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FRIEND
Can you transfer money to your card by bank transfer?
repeat the last song again
I didn't set up the direct debit I have
please make coffee
Why are there limits on auto top-up?
My top-up was rejected by an app.
i want the email to be sent to my new email address abc@gmail dot com
i want the light to be a little more red ish
i'd like you just stop it.
start audio playback of twilight again
Something went wrong, I was charged an extra pound?
There is a withdrawal that isn't mind in the app.
My top-up was reverted, why did this happen?
rate u. s. d. to g. b. p.
that's great one, thanks.
Is it free to exchange currency?
My transfer has been pending for a long time now. I already double checked my account info and it is correct. Why is it taking so long in 2018 to transfer money?
call person A for meeting.
what alarms are set
please take me to Wall Street journal
how can i cash in on the rewards i earned through my american express card
what is the first friday of next month?
How's the stock for Exxon Mobil doing today?
how many eggs should i put in my cake mixture
what are the pet types you own
i did not understand say it again
I am not able to do contactless.
i want you to check instruction please.
stop and try the last again.
change the color of the lights to blue
will my order be here by saturday
what time is my meeting with fred scheduled for
navigation search
please could you shut off.
are you a real person or automated
update my inbox please
Please make the room brighter.
when is the yearly cultural event coming up
How long does it take to get to the moon
I've been waiting for a refund to show up and I don't see it on my statement yet.
Can my children get an account?
tell fred that i don't have his guitar
what is an alternative to flour
book an uber from my location to the theatre
Are there any interesting even going on around my location?
My phone is lost I don't want someone to use my account, what can I do?
are there any events happening in town
set an alarm for two hours from now
Please set my alarm for 5pm.
is there any event around
what am i paying in taxes
Why is my top-up showing as reverted?
Why has my payment been declined? I paid by card.
Send email to jugal
where my phone
turn off one light in my bedroom
How can I add a new card?
Cancel schedule for 7 days from today
My transfer failed, why?
I draw out money from your ATM during holidays, and was charged insanely. I wouldn't have done it, if i had a little sense about the shocking charges.
can you please turn off the lights in this room
order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms from pizza hut
are there any alerts for traveling in belize
Has my top-up been cancelled?
when is my mortgage payment due
what is the air pressure of my car tires
i need to know what kind of fuel this car needs
wake me up at this time
get me roundtrip flight information for flights from dallas to houston for june 8 and june 17
I topped up by card a while ago and it's still pending, surely it should be done by now?
Resume a song from the audiobook by Michael Jackson
Why isn't my top up working using my saved American Express in ApplePay?
please send my location to rob and mary
I am having problems with my physical card.
what is the definition of inchoate
it was not correct.
How do I steam rice?
it is dark
I enjoy 80's music.
may i have a higher limit on my mastercard
I am having issues using contactless payments, could my card be damaged?
do i have my nephew's birthday marked for november 10th
How many lists do I have in contacts?
share location with david
i want to set up direct deposit
I don't have a PIN at this point.
Pause the music
can you share my current location with amy
My daughter needs an acount.
Do you have any regrets, or are value judgments outside the scope of your intellectual capacity?
I need my PIN unlocked.
will you please clarify me about this further.
Are there any interesting events around this area?
do you know who you report to
Send an email to Frank at work.
i don't want to attend the dinner on march first any more so could you remove it from my agenda
My transfer did not seem to work.
I'd like to get another card
what the highest likes on facebook
create new list
Seems like my card payment has been cancelled
Tell me my music likes
is there an alarm at four am
doesn't matter with me.
Can you tell me how to top up on my card?
can you check how much pto i have already used
What do I need to do to change the address on my account?
confirm the doors are locked
send email to robert, what time is dinner
i need to check today's email of jack
Remove the item from list
i'd like to know if my capital one credit card have international transaction fees
erase all events
I recently got a new place while I'm staying abroad and have been using this account to manage payments, but suddenly I am seeing fees increase. Where are these additional fees coming from?
Olly, tell me what to.do!
please turn on roomba
please make a reservation for me: party of two, february 22nd at chili's, two in the afternoon
what song is playing right now
I live in the US, how long will it take for delivery?
what did i want to remember
Get the weather forecast for this week please.
Change house light colors to blue
open stock price for name
may i know what is trending in twitter
please turn off the smart plug socket
What do I need to do for a refund?
is it going to be cloudy in london during the weekend
tell me all updates about my order's status
hey olly make the lights a little dimmer
I reside in the US, but I want a card.
I am being charged a transfer fee aren't they free?
what are all the things on my reminder list
does my bank of the west card have international transaction fees
olly please will you shut off.
Alexa, Send the mail to Robert about his availability on saturday
have my goods been delivered yet
Send an email to jeff at gmail dot com
will you please check and confirm it.
Will I get a Visa card or Mastercard?
grab me a new belt on amazon please
book please
So I just put my top-up into the card and it hasn't changed.
What is the process for using my credit card to transfer money?
What documents do I need to validate my identity?
knock knock
I transferred money from the US, How long does it take?
Where do i verify a top-up card?
what times may i travel to location a
need a hot coffee
Go near vaccum cleaner
return to your original settings
you have to check out kfi he's the best
try your last thing one more time please.
it is important that i call katie
can you teach me how to make sushi
Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
show latest news
please inform me of what tasks i have listed on my to do list
give me a cool fact about lsd
Reply to Erins email by saying I will be on time
Turn the lights on full bright.
headlines from dhaka tribune
set an alarm to go to sleep and another to wake up
go to the event month and  delete
is apple pay a top up service?
i want factory settings put back in place
What are the news lately?
how do you convert ounces to pounds
what is the exchange rate between us and canada
how to i go about getting my virtual card
remind me of my appointment on the fifteenth
report alarm settings
please tell me what lists i have
Is it someones birthday or anniversary today?
what time zone is ireland in
Can you send a tweet to Lifx saying that their app crashed?
send an email to peter and ask him how is he now can i do something to help him
Create a list for the following...
please check the status of my mastercard application
please set alarm for
What is the exchange rate between the USA and China's currency.
whatever is good.
It's been a few days since I've tried to pay a seller but the funds aren't going through. What is happening?
is there any new emails?
When I deposit cheques and cash, my balance does not update.
what is the deepest point on earth
name the singer
switch off light
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
Where can I find information about where my money came from?
make us a brew
Can you please check if I was charged twice?
flip coin, heads!
what's the traffic at lexington
Call the closest Mexican restaurant.
give me the location for the nearest bank
ABOUT DEMOUDULARITY
I was wrongfully charged one pound.
what is this song
scrap reservation at 4 for red robin
can i order takeaway from spanish place
i need to change my account
How many times can I use the disposable virtual card I have?
find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
When I got cash the exchange rate was wrong
I am bored
i need to take some time off, can i have the next week off
say what i've just said one more again please.
when is my train coming
What is happening in Milwaukee today
i havent got my card
clear my schedule
My card isn't here yet.
show conversion rate of u. s. d. and euro
place order to pizza takeout for 7 p.m.
Is there a daily auto top-up limit?
what is required documents for new card process ?
speak it once again please.
What was the extra charge for using my card?
can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are
I didn't realize that there were any fees for withdrawing money from my account--this has never happened to me before.  What exactly are the fees?
fix an alarm
Add new item to list.
no, you did not get the answer correctly.
We are going to play poker together.
what events are scheduled for this weekend in my area
I have been charged twice
can you show me transactions related to utilities
Can you send me a new card and block my current one. I'm in Spain and my wallet was stolen.
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
thanks for letting me know
What's a good joke?
hi, what is going on today.
remind me to meet joe for lunch tomorrow
how do you order new checks
What is the process of obtaining a disposable virtual card
remove lunch with co workers on thursday
How do you fix  my card payment?
Where can I have a new bank card sent to China?
does not matter for me.
What can I use to verify my identify?
Turn off the bathroom lights
please add dan's email to my contacts
I feel like too much money was taken during my currency exchange.
can you tell me what i earned
please unsync from my phone
What happened to my top-up? It was all done and now it's gone! Are you having problems with your system?
left my phone at hotel, cant use app
please begin using the whisper voice setting
your name will be queen
how is traffic on the highway
turn off the tv in
Is there a limit when using auto top-up?
what is the latest news on sprint
Your exchange rate is totally wrong for my card payment
please book me a place to stay in phoenix from the 5th to the 9th of march
tell me my minimum citicard payment
Las Vegas time?
Why did I get a message saying that my transfer is not possible?  I have done this before no problem.  Please fix.
what exactly is the tire pressure for the car
hey reply a mail which i received
healthy foods
My last ATM request did not go through due to a declined card. Please cancel the request on my account.
PDA please respond to Greg's email stating that his idea is fantastic.
i would like to put 100 dollars from the checking into the savings account now
latest tweets
the credit limit i have needs to be changed
If I top-up by using a trasfer are there charges that applied?
transfer money from this account to that account
let's change the language for you
hey olly inform me about latest picture updated by priya chopra on instagram
Schedule and appointment with Mike for next Thursday morning.
play the track 8 from google play music .
What did she just sing?
Create an email for my co worker with my recently saved documents.
My salary is in GBP - what should I do?
Is it possible for a friend to personally send me a payment?
I would like to know why my purchases from this morning are still pending.
please connect with my smart phone
How long does it take to authorise a payment?
at what time will my flight land
When will my transfer from the US get here?
sorry, i do not know
program y at radio x
A transfer to my account was denied.
what time is it in denver
What type of ID do you accept?
i'dl like to hear any classical except for bach or schubert
Where was Jennifer Lopez born?
what do you have my name saved under
How can I exchange GBP for AUD?
add the next song to my playlist - broken by evanescence
please go to next date
how much can i spend on my visa card
set the volume at 4 for me please
I have no idea why but my transfers keep getting declined. I have double checked all the recipient details several times already and they're definitely correct.
could you speak one more again please.
Will my transfer be done soon?
find me the oldest hotel in washington dc
what subjects are you experienced in
set event on recurring
Hi, I would like to file a claim for an inquiry. I am a frequent customer of the company in question and have never had any issue with my purchases, payments, or otherwise. However, the price deducted for an item I purchased a couple of weeks ago has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with my payment? The item has already been delivered to me.
can you get me a cup of coffee please
play music by the beatles
Why does top-up require verification?
How does identity check work?
what is the lera compared to the dollar
i need to switch insurance plans
Where do I go for a refund?
what day does april sixteenth fall on
do you know how to refer to me
how much did facebook stock increase last night
report that the card has been wrecked
Are there any upcoming concerts by U2?
How long should I expect for the card to arrive?
Can I change my PIN?
i want my credit limit changed
Will I be charged an extra fee if I need to exchange currency?
book a reservation for 8 pm at red robin under the name kevin
any hobbies
olly what do i need for a good burger
Do the disposable cards have restrictions?
open terry's email
what time are the trains going to chennai leaving
i am going to go ahead and pair this with my new phone
Please can you block the transaction I just sent from my account? It was a payment but I accidently typed in the wrong details and think it might have gone to the wrong place.
Status for the pizza delivery from Pizza Hut
Am I able to choose my card?
what do I need to do if the ATM kept my card?
i'm traveling to morocco soon and want to inform my bank
good night
so when is my flight landing
would not care.
I need to know where do my funds come from
How can I start using my card?
turn off the light in the living room
update me on the standing rock protest
Remind me of my meeting on Wednesday at 9 am.
show me the newest podcasts
please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
Is there a charge for getting my money?
What is happening in the area?
Why is the cash deposit not showing up in my account?
add event baseball practice five pm tonight
please solve this math
add the thong song by cisqo to my playlist, please
tell me the time now
I want the alarm set for six.
that's all i need, thanks!
i wonder if i have enough money in my chase account for a bike
what is hair made up of
when is my next oil change due
yes I want to check
Is topping up unlimited?
A fee was charged for my recent withdrawal.
shit, it's not what i wanted.
I want a new card
I got charged a fee that shouldn't be there from my cash
Problems with my top up
would late payments hurt my credit
play golf
i really would like to add hey jude by the beatles to my playlist
could you elaborate me more on your response please.
how many new emails since i last checked
How is my money transferred to the account
I'm currently not in possession of my phone, is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
i need to know something about my latest transaction
I changed the currency, but why is it costing more?
Open Tasks, delete future events
i was charged when i used a us issued card. why and what cards are free to use to add money
you did wonderful work, i appreciate it.
cross off grocery shopping from todo list
how much is the interest rate for the account i have at bluebird
I would like to change my name after marriage.
How long until I see a cash withdrawal?
tell me how long i will need to spend preparing a meat loaf dish
come again
Please give me the traffic report for this afternoon.
I have a card payment which shows as pending
delete my shopping list
can you please further explain me about that.
what are you going to use my identification details for?
find me a rental car for next week , from friday the 5th thru monday the 8th, any kind
How to a go about ordering a disposable virtual card?
remove pepper from my grocery list
I need to know what reminders have not been deleted yet.
My card failed to work when I was shopping in a store
that does not really matter with me.
read to me my to do list
How do I get my card back after the ATM swallowed it.
turn off lights in bedroom
make sound louder
I need to get a card, but I live in the US.
do i have any emails about chemistry
I am interested in giving a second card to my daughter, how can I make this happen?
this does not matter to me, olly.
tell me the pin number to my card
near by super market
change this song it sucks so bad
PDA, connect to lights
Supported countries
reset all events in calendar
what's the nutritional info for a banana
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
Is there any new email?
play all songs by Anirudh
start podcasts on nfl
how long should i cook a hamburger on each side
My card is not working when I try to use it.
book a taxi to go to the movies at one
i am sorry but i think you are not right.
What song is that?
how do i cook a medium rare steak
Why was I unable to do a transfer?
remind me to exercise
Is there a reason my payment is still pending?
how do i make my credit score better
what are some suggestions for places to travel
play new rihanna song
that doesn't matter for me.
confirm the detail.
can you turn up the volume
please quiet the speaker
can you tell me the ratings for yardhouse
I requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when I check my statements it doesn't show up. Can you help me get my refund.
My disposable virtual card was rejected by the merchant, please help?
turn down lights
play the latest games
All March events in RCCG is to be added to my calender
display trains going to antwerp after two pm saturday
find songs from my big band playlist
can i know what i on the list
PDA: Would you start my evening playlist
book me a table for three at rainforest cafe at seven
i need you to convert nine am cst to est time
Where do i verify a top-up card?
would you please increase the speaker volume
get it correcly.
what is the mpg for this car in city
Please let me know about my Birthday
what are common illnesses i should be vaccinated against when leaving the united states
where exactly am i at the moment
alert me at the time of the event
how soon until my tires will need to be changed
how long to cook steak for
what is the email sent by this contact read
I did not make a direct debit payment as listed on my app
switch off the smart plug socket now
compare prices of dairy items in local shops
what kind of insurance plan am i enrolled in
Am I limited to what ATM I can use my card?
tell me ths pressure of my tires
create a list for the following
Can i get money back in my home currency at  ATM? As I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
Start This Week For Dinner podcast.
set a classic 80's music
What happens when I am charged twice?
I would like to not have to do the identity verification.
I have a pending cash withdrawal
i want to listen to electric slide
Do you offer auto top ups?
which hobbies do you like
go to my next song
how do i get a new card
tell me something funny
I read about the auto-top up function, but can't find it in the app.
open radia
There's something wrong on my bill. A transfer fee should never have been added.
what is the calorie content of a small bag of lay's potato chips
let's play workout playlist
Can you please order some food for me?
forget alarm
How many times do I eat out every month?
The cheque I sent to you to have deposited a couple days ago has not cleared in my account yet. What is the issue?
can you be my best friend
Please give me update of cricket
what date does my capital one card expire
What time is my eye doctor appointment on the 23rd?
you've done it right.
read that list back to me please
where can i find a page showing my how to change my oil
please create a new list for me
Is there something that I can do since my phone was stolen yesterday?
The app says I got cash from an ATM but I didn't
explain last sentence once again please.
play 80s music playlist
set reminder for tomorrow for this item
Make a reminder at 1PM every Monday until I I remove it.
Do not wake me up tomorrow.
Is there a way to link the card i just got?
can you find my location on the map, please
Please book a train ticket to...
anything i need to know
make coffee
Let me hear that podcast
do i need a plug converter in doha
move over to the female voice
What type of pant is a culotte?
I deposited a check a few days ago and it's still not gone in! Please help me with this
hello siri
Am I getting charged for making a payment?
i need to get up at ten tomorrow
what is the procedure for signing up for a new allstate plan
check who's at the door
Are PIN separately?
set the coffee maker to on
olly that is enough, just stop it.
oranges expire in how long
what is this event is called which happening my area
affirmative, go ahead
If my PIN number is rejected, how do I solve it?
what's it take to get a mastercard
what is the weather forecast for seattle
remove event from my list
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I don't know what the problem is.
I want to hold and exchange fiat currencies, what can I use to do so?
i need to know what my wife's account's routing number is
replay the last utterance said.
I am still waiting for my card.
please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code twenty nine thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
share my location with apple
how do i direct deposit my paycheck
run coffee maker
i'd like to know your name
does buffalo wild wings have good reviews
turn the lights off now
my friend john has sent me a invitation card to his newly bought home say thanks to him in his mail id
jj.nzt@yahoo dot com
Is it going to be sunny next Tuesday?
would you track my package
I'd like to make a SEPA transfer to my account, but will I be charged?
i need new dinner ideas
tell me something interesting about lake tahoe
am i okay to take those vacation days
i need to know where to get w2
what is the address for the event scheduled on the 1st of January alexa?
tell me the limit on my discover card
you have done that perfectly.
go to the third episode of this podcast
How can I get a physical card
what's my current credit rating
do you have any idea what my name is
Turn off all alarms
what open lists do i have?
where on the cheerios box are the nutrition facts
What is the exchange rate of USD to CAD
when is my next appointment and who do i contact to reschedule
I can't get the card itself to work.
this does not matter to me, olly.
play the scarlet letter
go into whisper mode now please
change lights to red
I transferred some money but the balance stayed the same.
Who accepts my card?
The card I've got seems to be broken.
increase the volume
news for today?
EXCHANGES RATES ANY PROBLEMS
change the lights of the house to a blue hue
Olly, what movies are playing this week?
find the meaning of qat
Why was my payment reversed?
don't mind to choose any one.
PDA office lights off
My money hasn't been deposited yet. When will it be?
I did not receive my purchase, how do I cancel it?
please stop my account
I went to withdraw some cash earlier today, but seems the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash! The amount showing up in the app is a lot more
remove chores from my to do list
i don't really care.
you rock,.
Can I use my American Express card with Apple Pay?
I am unhappy with an item I bought. How do I get a refund?
please remind to sleep at nine pm
apply for a bank of america travel rewards credit card
Can cards be dispatched on a specific date?
how much money in us would i need to have a thousand pesos
take grocery buying off of the list
Live Show reminders
select shuffle all
yes that's excellent.
What cards and currencies will suffice?
Check me into home on Facebook
Why is there a 1 euro fee on my statement?
turn off sound
I have been charged with a fee for paying with my card.
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
Remove fruits from the list
talk to me in spanish from now on
How do I shut down my account and get out of this company?
Please turn the lights brighter.
I tried to make a transfer like five different times. Why won't your system let me? Is it broke?
play jingle bells
share some information about your pets with me
how much time to drive to the closest bank
Why did the app deny my top up?
How much does a bowling ball cost?
How long do I have to wait for the transfer to be finalized?
My order hasn't shown up yet, what can I do?
Read me sports news from NYT
What's the stock of Apple?
book next NY train ticket
can you tell me the time in new york
give me the specifics on my federal taxes
are you a live human being
i'm looking for a roundtrip flight from oma to sps august 1st, 2019 to august 2nd, 2019
Create new list for baby names
Is is awful day It looks It will rain the whole day
play my favourite podcasts
any one would be okay with me, olly.
Has the governor enacted the new crime bill yet?
you have got the answer correcly.
add grocery shopping to my to do list
are you older than me
will you tell me my bank balance
start chapter seven of alma
Dim the lighting in my living room
can they do delivery
continue the smurfs book
From where can I withdraw?
what do you do with my personal data
can you tell me about any local events coming up
what day of the week are we on
Is getting my identity verified required before I can use my account?
i do have a to do list for today don't i
read me a definition for qat
can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight
oops, it's not correct.
how old will you be this year
move on to the next song
do you know what things i wanted to remember
what is the meangin of existence
How do I troubleshoot my contactless?
I did not get as much cash as I requested at the ATM.
End this podcast, start anew.
i would like to know flight dl123's status
Can I use my virtual card for recurring monthly payments?
are there any emails i haven't read yet
please tell me a recipe for this meal
change the response language to french please
tell me about the chase credit card application process
can you please turn on npr where i am
would you tell me a joke
make your volume quieter please
for my westport account, what is the routing number
you didn't understand what i wanted.
My money has disappeared. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's gone. What is happening?
resume mind reading book
clap on
email my sister about mom's birthday. Jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
i want your name to be john
Why did my payment fail?
let's play fmod
don't bother.
play the song god's plan
Can you tell me where I can order a virtual card?
hey olly make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
i need to do cleaning so add it to my to do list
My exchange seems to have something wrong with it. I changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it appears I was charged way more than I was supposed to be.
please remind me about the event later five pm
book a train ticket from here to charleston west virginia at eight am today
Do i need a jacket this afternoon
i want you to play this game for me
can you put the vacuum on
what's the weekend forecast
set event
As I double checked that I have the correct account details that i submitted , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending so far.
play the bjork album i've heard the least
What is the current stock price for amazon?
show meaning of clarion
does my card ending in 1234, or any of my cards, expire soon
Do I have to pay any fees in order to receive money?
How come you need to know my identity?
help me to book a car rental in sacremento
select and play only christian rock from one thousand nine hundred and ninety upwards
reply to heather's latest email by answering no
What's going on with my balance? Shouldn't it be a bit higher since I deposited a cheque a day ago?
find me a nice restaurant for dinner
How can I fix this? The ATM gave me more cash than I'd asked for.
increase the light in the room
give me an update on the election in one hour
yeap correct response to the command.
can you recommend an indian restaurant
Fastest route to Turiellos
What is the most current local news?
get rid of item on the list
do i need to apply for a visa for my trip to india
that would be all.
i want to listen to the podcast of the super bowl this past year
How can I activate my new card?
please play michael jackson album
I think my card payment has been stopped
I was recently mugged and would like to know if I have to have access to the app to use your services and how I would go about setting up your services on a new device belonging to a current user?
denver's timezone is a mystery, i wonder where its located
play music true love
need a taxi tomorrow at eight in the morning
i want everything on my shopping list to be ordered
how much air remains in my tires
Raise volume to level 7 on music player
please submit status to facebook
delete my appointment tomorrow
I'd like to listen to a podcast now.
how much fast food have i bought recently
How do I transfer money between two of my accounts?
I was only given $20 after trying to withdraw $100
how much was airtel sold for sometime back
let me know the status of flight dl123
when was this song recorded
What do I do if I find a debit charge that I know I didn't do in my billing statement?
I want to listen to rock music.
change light colour to blue
i would not really mind to choose any one.
what are the news stories on the cnn website
how to cook this food
lets pair this with my new phone
how would i raise my credit spending by 2500 dollars
i'd like you check and confirm my last command please.
please tell me my income
what is four plus five
I made a bank transfer and my account balance did not show it.
i am in need of an oil change, set an appointment
Please add an appointment at 9am wednesday at dr greens office
What's the fee for exchange of foreign currencies?
Why do I have to verify my identity?
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
will i be charged if i use my card in vietnam
top ten movies
i am trying to find my credit score
Train times from near me to location
Re-start bill nye book.
what's the time in london
i need to know what is on my shopping list
i need bananas on the list too
can you please make me a cup of black coffee
I need to exchange a currency - can I do that here?
mobile shop
i would like to know what you can help with
i would like an update on the progress of my credit card application
suggest a meal from korea to me
what is the exchange rate of euro today to dirham
Please add an email to my contacts.
Play my most watched podcast.
I would like to change my card PIN.
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in hong kong
what meetings are on my schedule today
Schedule lunch at Tomo in Arcata, California tomorrow at noon.
list of countries with travel alerts
what times are my alarms set for
switch to the next song on this playlist please
what causes osteoperosis
Please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to New York
Why can't I verify my id?
will you please slow down your voice
My phone has been stolen.  How can I make sure no one uses my account from it?
can you cancel my 5:30 pm table reservation at parc
don't really bother, olly.
Why was the wrong rate applied when I bought something in a different currency?
There is a debit paymet that I don't recognize.
How much does it cost to get a new card?  Mine is almost expired.  How fast does it come?
s2, i was unclear about it.
tell me what things i need to accomplish per my to do list, please
dammit, wrong response.
Email to Pawel regarding latest news
it was awesome, thank you so much.
change your language to spanish please
i don't think thats right.
Do I have any pending reminders?
If I were to use a European bank card for a top up, will I incur a charge?
olly put my doctors appointment on the calendar
what's playing right now
how many calories in gum
When I put the wrong pin too much, I got blocked, so can you help me unblock my pin
how do you fell
tell me the sum total of my water and electricity bills
thank you so much
whats the combined total of the money inside my bank accounts
It appears that I am being double charged for some items that I have purchased this past week.  Please review and correct.
i dont recognize a charge on my card
What ATMs accept my card?
who is singing this song
I'm trying to use a cheque to top up
What alarms do I have set right now?
it's too dark here
play all rock songs
Is there a fee for sending out more cards?
cnn
find exhange rate for usd to dollar
what day of the week is june twenty seventh on this year
I did a cash deposit to my account, but I am not seeing it on my statement.
please delete the items on my to do list
can substitute cumin for tumeric
Where can I find instructions to change my PIN?
i wouldn't mind to select any one.
go into whisper mode
How long will it take for the transfer to reach my account?
replay the last said please.
has my request for the day off been approved yet
i am need my hat today
gossiping about celebrities
how much do i pay in taxes every year
Play Compassionate Cook episode 23
Why doesn't my disposable virtual card work?
i want to cancel my reservation for network to xaga such
Is there always a charge when withdrawing money?
I tried to use my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym and it got rejected. Any ideas why?
i want to hear what said again.
i need you to be quiet until tomorrow
open my music and play melissas afternoon podcast from yesterday
The ATM won't give me my card back.
Do I have a $1 extra fee on the statement?
WHAT IS THE DATE NEXT SATURDAY?
how to make cheescake
can i get a recipe for tuna
what is the best way to insure that my credit score doesn't decrease
where did you grow up
how long will it take for my transfer to stop pending
turn corner light on
can you look into the status of my vacation request
find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
you've done it correctly, olly.
Someone else might be using my card without my permission.
Alexa, what information do you have on file in my information about Bill ?
Any fee for topping up?
delete that
please check what last said.
What is the charge to make a transfer
can i get a cup of coffee
i want to wake up at six am tomorrow please
How can I top up with a cheque?
I need the source of my funds verified. How do I do this?
How can I get a new card ASAP to replace an old, soon to expire one?
i would like help moving money from one account to another
what are the directions to get to olympia by bus
I would like to listen to my audiobook.
PDA, Reduce volume.
how many days before my credit card arrives
can i use flour instead of cornstarch to make gravy
Tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here?
someone stole my capital one credit card
'nice!' can you post this to my facebook?
Can I add money to my account with cash?
I don't think I should have been charged a fee to use my card.
i want to hear program one on lastfm
What reasons would a topup fail?
Do you accept cheques for top ups?
convert 8:30 from GTM -4:00 to GMT 5:30
top model car.
what the traffic condition outside my office
Someone stole my wallet earlier today, not sure exactly when, probably on Piccadilly circus. Can you check if there were any attempts to use the card and obviously block it?
my visa has what limit
My top-up for Google Pay isn't working
skip forward
does international travel always require a visa
That background song is terrible.
make it so my paycheck goes directly into my savings account
what is the us dollar and euro exchange rate
There are funds showing in my app that I did not receive.
exit out of whisper mode
Set meeting witch jack on 10 march
How long will my transfer be pending for?
My phone was stolen yesterday.  What should I do?
are shots required before traveling to china
can you slow down your rate of speech
if you were getting a pet, would you get a cat or would you get a dog
Show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
what do i owe bill wise
not true
i am sorry but it is not the correct command.
tell me the recipe for yellow rice
Olly, turn off shuffle.
please set up a timer for me
show me ideas for hamburger
Tell me how to verify a top up.
what is the nearest pizza shop
How do I find out what countries you service and what countries you do not?
I would like to be assisted with the activation of my card.
i'm done with today's to do list
play a movie I'll like
is almond milk an acceptable substitute for milk
play a song
set an alarm for 5am
I received my Virtual card information, but was unable to use it to make a purchase. Why did this happen and what can I do?
I did a topup successfully but its not showing in balance. I think there is some problem in system.
show me popular sushi recipes
Olly, lower the lights please.
Can I Transfer from SWIFT?
hi there do you offer home delivery for orders
navigate to a place
see you in a while
What other currencies can I hang onto?
I transferred money but the recipient does not see the funds in their account?
Can you tell me what are disposable cards for?
How many disposable cards can I make in a single day?
It seems someone used my card! There are a few transactions from a small town in the middle of nowhere that I definitely have not made! Please prevent them from using it immediately!
i am sorry but i think it's not the right command.
at what time have you set alarm for me
i appreciate it, it's good one.
what number of calories are in a pizza
turn out the lights
I need to change my phone number.
Can you please check my gmail for new messages?
I did not get the right amount of cash from the ATM.
play one thousand and thirty seven fm
My top up hasn't gone through yet, why?
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
how do i change my oil out and what kind should i use
play one thousand and thirty seven fm
Unknowingly to me the payment sent to seller has been redeposied back in my account. I do not know why it would take out the payment and then put it back in my account. Can you resolve this as soon as possible?
i could not buy food using my card when i was in vietnam
How much do I have to pay if I want to transfer money?
yes, that's confirmed
tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet
i need to report some fraudulent card activity
Erase all my event in my calendar.
turn off the sound
Should my top-up be completed by now?
help me find my phone
i am tired
A transfer is pending.
show me what lists are available
what's the time in this time zone
it's helpful,.
from january to august, i will be in uruguay, please let me bank know
mute the sound
What do I do if I completed a money transfer but the recipient hasn't received it?
turn down the volume
what things are on my shopping list today
that is all, cancel.
Hi, I draw out some money from the ATM today. The ATM has given me wrong amount and the application is displaying more amount than i withdraw.
Please set my coffee machine to start at x time?
Turn up the lights please.
What do I do if my card is stolen?
Can I use your services without access to the app?
I tried withdrawing but my cash is not showing up?
There is a duplicate charge on my account.
use a different accent
quieter
please delete what i just typed
from here, i take this bus to go to brooklyn and how long is the commute
send an email to george brown
find a place near me to have my tires inspected
yes, that's it
the definition of life
give me time
Do you support changing the currency I use?
let me know some things to do in phoenix
I haven't seen the cash yet from the cheque I deposited.
Is there something wrong with my ATM Card?  Tried using it earlier and it did not work.
Is it raining in Toledo right now?
Do I need a disposable card?
Turn off the kitchen lights
My card info was stolen, what do I do?
could you reserve table for 3 at carlos jr under the name adam at 4
i have a lot of points saved up from my credit card rewards but don't know how to redeem them
I want one of those virtual cards!
do i have anything on my to do list
what is john's phone number?
how much is b. p. in u. s. d.
please would you check the instruction.
quiet time
when will my chinese food arrive
stop, i think you messed up with.
book me a taxi.
PDA what the time difference from here to Ottawa?
i am sorry but i think you don't get answer right.
what places can I order takeout from near by
how much of my pto is left
i'd like to pay $4735 to my water bill
The ATM didnt let me get cash
What does it mean when my top up is saying  still pending?
customer service complaint
i'm torn on how to answer
yeah that's what i want
Please remove this item from the list
Is it possible for you to get a train ticket for me?
i'd like to send a text to jack, say "hi
when should i change my oil next
what is jill's home phone number
Is there a reason my top-up has been cancelled?
what is the proper fuel type for my car
flip us a coin, i call heads
how long should i microwave hot pockets for
I have lost my credit card in the ATM!
Should I wear a sweater?
olly could you shut off.
how many numbers are saved for alex
which vaccinations are required to go to viet nam
where do i get w2 form
Some cash has been withdrawn but I didn't do it.
is there any traffic on my way to work
I tried transferring to an account but it didn't go through. What happened?
Can I change my card PIN?
How do you describe a capabara?
My top-up hasn't gone through, what happened?
PDA, contact hersheys on twitter
how many dollars is in pounds
What are the charges for receiving money?
hmm, i did not ask for it.
i want to get an appointment to get my oil changed
will it be rainy tomorrow?
please tell me what lists i have made
how many weeks of vacation do i have
Toggle wemo plug socket on
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
For some reason my card payment hasn't worked. what can I do to look into that?
I want reggae.
is it true that susan's birthday is on march first
in o'hare lost luggage on flight america airlines
Hello. I just noticed I was charged two times for a restaurant I visited this week. Can you reverse the additional charge?
Why did I receive an error message saying that my transfer was not possible?
should i get a visa for crete
alexa, buy my grocery list
what is the day off request status
i want to hear what is on my reminders list
name the items on my shopping list
start music
Please remove this list
roll the 10 sided dice on time
on twenty third february rahul will come with me on india cricket match
What countries can I use your services?
Unknown direct deposit
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and was declined?
open podcast player
find the nutrition info for cheese fries for me
whats the exact time
Where is my refund? I have been checking my account all day.
can you tell me my current bank accounts balance
i need a tutorial to learn how to change my oil, please
tell me the current weather for danville il
play back the last message
I have no idea why my card payment did not work.
Why have I been charged a fee for card payment?
I requested a higher amount for my cash withdrawal
Go back
How  many unopened emails do I have right now?
uhh no, i think you've done this incorrectly.
what status is my card application in
I just made a transfer from France 2 days ago. It has not yet reached my bank. Is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer?
i wanna know when should i get my tires changed next
is traffic to work clear
order spaghetti from spaghetti warehouse to bring home
pair with my phone
what time is it right now in paris
define yourself in one word.
what I like today
what is the answer to two by two
when is my car insurance due
cancel  the breakfast at tiffany's
what did the s n. p close out at
Recommend artists similar to Rihanna
My PIN got blocked, help.
How does a disposable virtual card work?
whatever is good.
start my most recently played podcast
s2, i was unclear about your words.
carry-on restrictions for air emirates
tell me information about my income
Will I need a coat this morning?
How can I unblock my PIN?
what is the climate here today
draw pb
Tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long.
write a thought of the day on facebook
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
Card activation steps
anything is fine.
find a hotel with great reviews in san francisco
tell me the answer for two plus two
add practice to calendar on feb four at king's park at two pm
what will the weather be for the next week
put this song in vibes playlist
My card is about to expire.
What is the location of...
where do i find the routing number for chase
who do i contact for a w2 form
How is the exchange rate doing?
i would say that the statement is definitely false
What am I going to need in order to verify my identity?
What steps do I need to take to change my card PIN?
What is the estimated wait time for transfers from the US?
show me where my order is
Who is coming to the meeting tomorrow at 10 AM?
where can i obtain a w2 form from
2nd march neha and i will go on date.
What do I have to do to activate my card?
Give five stars to this song!
what is the apr to my credit card
what benefits does my insurance provide
repeat that.
facebook info
can you buy me a toy car
Can you help me with my card, I think it's broke.
yeap it was correct.
what's sensational in time of india.
What is the extra fee I was charged when using an ATM?
what events are on my calendar for april 1st
include MIke and jack to festival calender
Please play clash of clans
what does ajar mean
whats the weather like right now in new york
what day is my telephone bill due
I have a card payment which shows as pending
please tell me all the transactions i've made recently
confirmed.
Tell me about Chuck Norris
one plus two equal ?
i like this song
tell me the number of days off i took this year
resume story
What do I have for reminders this week?
text billy and tell him to be at monday's meeting at 3pm
Set an event for this Sunday and the next two Sundays that I have Yoga at 12:00 pm
what is the arrival time for my flight
What day of the week is it?
turn on the tv
I need a number of disposable cards everyday.
what are the news stories on the cnn website
Please delete the list Gift Ideas For My Wife and play me some sad music.
how much can i spend wth my visa
i didn't hear you can you repeat that
when was the car last services
List and play all Theory podcasts under 10 min
start the oven
right response to command.
when will i received a replacement card
Olly, accumulation of snow predictions in buffalo
what kind of electrical outlets do they use in z
it is true
the description of angel
What does it mean to have a pending cash withdrawal?
i would have avoided the traffic if i went early
by which company are you designed by
would you clarify me on your answer further please.
how is brexit going recently?
PDA, What's the schedule for this date?
Why did a transfer get declined?
give me the stock price of apple
I sent a transfer to a friend that needs it urgently. It has already been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to her. How long does it normally take?
on my way to work, is there traffic
i have a bogus transaction from amazon on my account
help me link my card
Why did I get a message saying that my transfer is not possible?  I have done this before no problem.  Please fix.
show me 5-star dining establishments in nashville
could you transfer $x from saving to checking
please remind me of all the nba scores in a week
turn on radio
my friend john has sent me a invitation card to his newly bought home say thanks to him in his mail id
Can cash be used in physical locations to top up?
check my last question.
please reserve a table for 2 at lucky's under the name melissa at 7 pm
find me the oldest hotel in washington dc
what insurance plan am i enrolled in
What kind of foreign exchange rate will I get when I exchange my money?
Canceling my order is what I need to do right now.
please set the lights to green
Where is Russia located?
I have an unauthorized transaction on my statement
How to get to Cracow before noon by train
I would like to listen to this mornings Mike and Mike podcast.
Could you play that radio channel
When will my transfer finish pending?
Today was a very hectic day
do you take your orders from me
What are age requirements for opening an account?
How can I check on the status of my new card?
The amount of money I pushed at the atm machine did not come out of the machine.
oops, you did not get me.
include this
I have been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app won't work could you please help me?
how long does it usually take for a new credit card to come
volume should be increased to 4
call XXX
there's fraudulent transaction going on
Is there something wrong with your website? I tried topping up my account and it's been close to two hours now and it's still at "pending" for some reason. I just joined with you guys and this is the first attempt at this, so maybe I'm wrong, but shouldn't this be instant?
Check my list
how much did i spend at restaurants last week
Do I need a photo ID to activate a my new card?
how much is fifty us dollars with in china
REMIND ABOUT OF ALL EVENT IN CALENDERS
wouldn't really know, olly.
my next payday
may i order more checks for my well's fargo account
Can my 19 year old daughter open a savings account at the bank?
you've done that correctly thanks.
find transportation to rome
I'm having money transferred from Europe, how long will this take?
please can you rephrase me further on your answers.
turn on the robot vacuum
i don't know the anwser
I withdrew some cash and the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
i must know how many points have i earned with my credit card
What does the word Hypocrisy mean
tweet the current temperature
What is the address of Tara john?
tell me what is on my schedule for today
I want to listen to Classic Rock
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know what it's for
what is weather today
set music system to mute
please turn on repeat all
Remind me to pick up John from the airport tonight at 8
i need to know how much gas is left
i want you to remove the item from the list
where is my meeting at nine am
My card has not been delivered yet and its been a week since I ordered it, please help
train ticket
delete that event from calendar
can you tell me the tire pressure for the car
Please mark  the wemo socket to off
i would like you to check what last said please.
Are there fees for using an international card to top up?
Please check my Facebook account.
details need to be modified
What is the limit on disposable cards?
what do i need to do to get my car jump started
What are the limits to where my card will be accepted?
Can I link my new card?
How about some pizza tonight Olly? Can you please order a pepperoni large?
volume should be set at 4
you've done your understanding right.
i'm into music
PDA, what is worth more a USD or AUS
put on my calendar meeting with Ms. Boland on Wednesday 8:00am
Tell me something about
can acero take reservation
olly please just cancel.
show me pancakes
what will the weather be this weekend
I shouldn't be charged any fee for transferring .
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow
The cash I tried to draw from the ATM was not approved.
can you tell me the amount of gas i have remaining
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my international withdrawal?
Can you let me know if Visa is among the card scheme assignments?
Can you please tell me the time?
Play it again please
do i have any vacation time left
Please check the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday. I believe I have been overcharged.
play radio 95.5
Can you do 9+2?
I love that song
could you reset the last phrase spoken please.
slow rock it's ok
I would need to be notified of church services on Sundays at 11 am.
what's JLO up to?
status of take away
please tell kmart they sent the wrong item
Mark all remaining calendar events for today as cleared
i like jazz
Send a tweet to Amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
where can one receive their w-2 form
open takeout menus
delete my next calendar event
hey i want to get trains to manchester on Wednesday
What is the identity verification process?
what is latest news about this world
I cannot get to my app, what should I do?
Is there supposed to be a fee for the transfer I made?
NOTE DOWN THIS EVENT ON MY CALENDAR.
Delete lunch with Michael
what name would you like me to use
Hey Olly I like music by Sigur Ros
could you tell me that one more again please.
I have a payment that shows twice
is there anything new on reddit
tell me what my shopping list consists of
olly please could you just cancel.
would not mind to select any one, olly.
I do not recognize a direct debit payment that I see on my app
tell me about rihana
What is this extra fee on my statement.
i'd like to know how you are doing
Send Dad an email saying how is the weather this week?
Did mom text me?
please tweet a complaint about slow service at applebee's
lower the volume on the speakers
please check my gmail for new mail
Set a reminder of birthday of jack on 15th march
How can I tell if an AMT will take this card?
How do I find my card PIN?
What is on my rap playlist?
I would like to close my account, as I'm not happy.
turn off the lights in the living room please
Too many times I entered the incorrect PIN.  How can I get my account unblocked?
The wrong exchange rate was applied to me while pulling out cash.
Can I open a bank account for my newborn baby?
roll a pair of dice
Block one hour from 10 tomorrow morning.
What's the name of the event?
I have received my card, can you help me put it in the app?
can you check for any new emails?
good restaurants
Play pop music.
will you tell me that once again please.
what things do you enjoy doing
put wash the dog on my to do list please
Does Brick Grill deliver
Are transfers not free? I didn't know I would be charged for transfers.
oops, i think it was not the correct answer.
sarasigmon123@gmail.com
How much transactions do I get with a disposable card?
set alarm for nine am
Can you tweet Lifx about their app crashing?
Power off please
I have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
What us the fee to transfer money from my bank?
Let me know when I get charged extra for payments. I saw on the app a fee I wasn't forewarned about.
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
What emails have I gotten since last night?
play music of david guetta.
when was the last date that i got paid
don't you work for your self
do you happen to be employed by me
mute the audio
what is the price of the US dollar vs Canadian dollar
give my location to stan
yeah strongly agree.
Need a new card, mine is expiring.
do you know any good jokes
Why would I need a disposable card?
set a two day notification before maria's birthday please
i want to change your name to another name
Can I edit my personal details?
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
how long will i have to wait before being seated at the cheese cake factory
what's the nutritional value for a pizza lunchable
this is my favorite song
olly that's enough, cancel it.
hi there alexa
what is the day today
find out for me if my amex card application was received
can you please shut down.
search for a good nerd joke
tell me what health plan coverage i have
I can't make purchases with my virtual card.
Would I get a Visa or Mastercard?
check the status of my credit card application please
There is money missing from my account.
remove cereal from my shopping list
how long does it take to boil an egg
around nine, is ambrosio busy
how come i got declined
just stop talking
that's good one, thank you, olly.
do you know how i get new insurance
Speak louder please
was this song in the top twenty
please help me pay my cable bill
light up
how many times does fifty go into one million
your salary
would you tell me how old you are
i would like to change my insurance policy
Play for me the album by The Beatles on television
How do you verify an identity?
Cortana, what are the most recent headlines on CNN?
please find a mail address of manoj and tell me
What is the temperature right now?
what is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
what number of vacation days do i have available
can you turn up the volume
please, can you set the timer for me
slow the volume speaker
can you please add hero by skillet to my playlist
Continue the Smurfs book.
what ingredients are in salsa
it is too bright in here dim the lights
When will my Chinese food be delivered?
Olly, resume 'The Two Towers'
How many new e-mails have I received today?
i'm out of milk so you will order me some more
how long before my amex card expires
sorry but you didn't get it correctly.
hey, ai
play a song randomly from my playlist
How is my PIN sent?
yes that is perfect.
I need to deposit money to my account
tell me when was car in shop
Delete the To Do list on March 18, 2017.
can you set my alarm for 7:30 am?
can i fly with my razors or are there restrictions
call yellow cab
What is this fee for transferring money?
My card is not working.
Where is the option to top up with a cheque?
could you order sushi for tonight dinner
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there?? What happened to my money?
is trump tweeting today
I wish to cancel a transfer
put dark colours instead of light ones in the house
i'd like you to confirm that please.
Recently, a few weeks ago there was a transaction made on my account by some seller that I don't recognize. I am very certain that didn't happen  and will like for you to trace back to make sure.
what's the method of jumping my car
I don't understand why you want so much of my personal info.
Have my iroomba clean the house.
thank you so much for doing that.
will arby's offer takeaway
Why was a fee added to my bill when I used my card?
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I paid at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App stays at pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
The transfer finally worked, but how long does it stay pending?
What can I use to verify my identify?
tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job
what items are on my list of to-dos
what's it like outside
is the traffic smooth right now
list all events and delete
i don't understand what you just said now.
yeap good.
can you reveal my credit score
olly where can i get a pizza
please list the available rain trips to location a
change lights from red to blue
i appreciate your help
pending transaction?
Will it be raining day after?
shit, i didn't ask for this.
give me my gps coordinates
I tried to do a transfer and it's saying it declined.
where do we get our w2 forms
Add 'meet with Dave' at Subway on Weber on 4 April at 5pm.
Tell me when I have an event
Foreign currency rates were put in wrong at an ATM i used.
Will I be charged an extra fee if I need to exchange currency?
please use a male voice when speaking
hi what is happening in twitter today
modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead
My lists
Which fiat currencies do you currently support? Will this change in this future?
where can i find this song
are you one of my employees
can you start the coffee machine for me
i call tails and you call heads on this coin flip i need you to do
Olly, give me the list of the top 5 safest cars to buy.
I need a train ticket traveling to New York in May.
Are there any fees for top ups?
When will my transfer process?
Where are my funds being sourced from?
see you around
oh no, thanks.
show awards of rihana
let's play a game of trivia
will it be nice at the beach on friday
start vacuum bot
what potential hazards are there for going to spain
Why was I charged for payments? You didn't warn me about additional fees.
How often can I top up my account?
How long does it take to process transfers from Europe?
The store card reader would not accept my card.
play super mario brothers game with me
tell me the weather for new york city
How do you solve 3-2?
can you please turn your volume down
add a new email address which is
how long does it take for the train to get to orlando
Is exchanging currencies a feature of the app?
i need to add something to my calendar for next tuesday
What is the time in Hyderabad ?
could steak be used instead of chicken
We need milk.
what's the transit time on a new card
how many cups are in 4 quarts
Can someone else use my account if they have my phone?  I lost mine.
Is there any way to get another card on the same account?
whats the definition of indignation
um, i'm not sure
please tweet about the problem i m facing with the product of company
how long's it been since i had my car serviced
Where can I see where my funds came from?
bye for now
is equal to
to which event can i go in milan now
latest events
How much is $5.00 in Philippine peso?
PDA is Mr Pizza on skip the dishes?
Tell me the humidity level downtown today.
Play me in Tic Tac Toe
remove a list please
How do I get my card out of the ATM?
Can I make a contactless payments?
is it possible for me to take a pto for two days, starting february 7
How long does tonight's dinner party last?
can you fast forward to the next song
how many carry ons will american let me take for a flight to los vegas
what timezone is phoenix in
What time is it in Cleveland?
do you know of any good restaurants
Call a taxi for me
delete happy dance playlist
Add Carl's email to my contact.
events in me area
Why do we need to verify top-up?
My account has a weird withdrawal.
are you ai
Why is my refund not visible on my statement?
are there many international transactions fees for the freedom card
is everyone on my facebook list watching the game
did you grow up here
notify me of the latest news on the stock market
olly i want you cancel.
How much longer until I get my new card?
what date was my car last at the mechanics
How long do transfer pend for?
start the smart plug
How many days does a transfer from the US take?
start the vacuum at 9am.
play the most recent podcast for this american life
There is a refund missing.
what is covered under my insurance
mild or heavy weather
What's the procedure for canceling a purchase?
remove alarms set for tomorrow
Is country better today or ten years ago
is there enough fuel to drive to tampa
How do I get to the virtual cards?
it seems like olly's command is incorrect.
What do I do if my disposable virtual card doesn't work?
please add this event
when is my train coming
What does my schedule look like after 3 p.m. today afternoon?
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
suggest a meal from italy to me
please play help
When I made a purchase last Saturday, I was charged extra. Did I receive the right exchange rate?
i want a bmw suv for march 2 to 6th in dallas
Is it possible to receive a Visa and a MasterCard?
please tweet waited sixty five minutes for a table at tgi fridays never going back
Which religion is most true?
Hey, what's a head cheese?
when is the next appointment
How many corporate meetings do i have this week?
remove apple from list
Want to wake up can u order a caffechino
do i have any alarms set
are there any crafts fairs happening in this area
What time does the train to Iowa leave?
how is new insurance gotten
can you set radio to mute
what new emails do I have form Amie.
lights down
have no idea for which to select, olly.
What currencies do you support?
i'm thankful
you've done it correctly thank you.
tell me all local events
how would they say say goodbye in hawaii
local news from bay news 9
exchanging currencies costs what?
delete my groceries list
i need information regarding the procedure to cash in my rewards for my citibank card
I exchanged Russian rubles for British pounds today and got less than I expected. Was exchange rate correct?
schedule me a table for 2 at red lobster at 8
The exchange rate was incorrect for an item I bought.
i need to get new insurance, how do i do it
wouldn't really bother.
How long does the cash withdrawal take to pend?
How can i check if my card is working?
I think there may be something wrong with my card. I have never had issues with withdraws before, but this morning on the way to work it was suddenly declined.
i must order some more checks for my checking account
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
show me the stock price for google
Mute all responses now
Look up next weeks weather for me please.
Tell me when the next alarms are for.
Turn lights off in bedroom.
speak in the language english
tell me the soup of the day at panera bread restaurant
why did my card not get accepted
what is my interest rate for chase bank
s1, explain further please.
My pin needs unblocking, unblock it please?
Balance hasn't been updated following a cheque or cash deposit
can you say one more time again please.
movies of tom hanks
can you translate milk into spanish for me
What's the U.S. Delivery time?
how long does it take to prepare a lasagna
s2, i was unclear about your answers.
can you help me find out how to get a new credit card
can you check and confirm my last command please.
tell me how many vacation days i have left
i need to know the nearest bank's location
can you check and confirm details.
My card payment has been on pending forever. What is the problem? It should have gone through at some time by now.
how cold will it be tomorrow
list remove
my car needs a jump start; what do i need to do
They used the wrong rate when I made a purchase with foreign currency.
dim the lights please
Hi, you there
What type of ID do you accept?
Show times for nearest theater
that's wonderful work, thank you.
on the music player set the volume level at sixty
replay what said please.
how many carry ons are allowed on a flight with wow to iceland
i am sorry but i think it is not the right command.
i want you to add the song i listen to to my summer playlist
how congested is the traffic on my way to work
Play playlist WORKOUT
Tweet to Apple about non receipt of iphone I sent for repairs last week
make an alarm
do you know my phone's location
appreciate it
Delete trip scheduled July 4th
thanks that was really helpful
current weather forecast
Please tell me how many emails I have.
Cancel the tomorrow's meeting from my calender
how do i get to the grocery store by bus
create event 'christmas' on Dec-25-2017 and set it to a repeating reminder
set on 2nd jan about soccer match of Manchester.
Is today March 6th?
Can you tell me what movie has the best reviews?
Any new email from John?
i would like to hear your phrase you just said again.
remind me everyday at two pm for lunch
please save my rating on this song it is five stars please
set the living room lights to red
i like songs from
are socket converters needed if i'm going to cape town
Facebook Status: Busy day
play next song on track
what's my name saved under
Looks like my top-up has been cancelled
the weather is sunny today
I cannot activate my card.
when was the last time i had an oil change
i want factory settings put back in place
Put an alarm and wake me up at 6:00 a.m. tomorrow morning.
how much is amazon stock
Breeds of dog that are most hypoallergenic
i cannot remember when i last took my car to the shop
show me best in class theatre
add the item to a list
play for me the music by madonna
please tell me what amount i'm earning
PDA, Give me directions to my nearest bank location
how is it going my friend
Can you check to see if I have any recent email alerts?
How can I find an ATM that accepts this card?
I was unable to transfer to another account.
Set any appointment for this event in my calendar.
I need to delete my account, please.
How do I get an actual card?
whats the weather now
do you know any jokes
add a reminder to check how the body is decomposing
i'd like to know the nutritional content of eggs, please
your answers was not so clear.
My Identity verification hasn't passed yet is it possible to use my account?
can you play elvis
Can I get a card even though I live in the US
play vegas baby roll a dice for mama
I'm in China and really need a new card.
What are the the train times between 8 am and 10 am at East Chicago Station going West on Sunday
I transferred some money recently and saw a fee on my account, what's that for?
DELETE DAY AFTER EVENT
I did not receive the right amount of cash I requested
If I make a mistake can I cancel the transaction?
Why is a payment showing up on my card as pending?
was einstein married
do you have any good recommendations for swiss cuisine
What is the number of transactions for one disposable card?
What is the mayor's stance on homelessness in Seattle?
this doesn't matter for me.
what's happening
Could I get a mastercard if that's reasonable?
Can you please add an item to my grocery list?
Play stuff you should know
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and France?
please play trivial pursuit with me
i'd like some red lighting
would you roll the dice
give my current location to robyn now
Why was the exchange rate incorrect for an item I recently bought?
Is there a way to see my money's source?
What ATM accepts Mastercard?
add new event named anna to calendar
how much rate will be calculated
you are talking far too fast for me, can you slow it down a bit
is there any good place in hawaii for pasta
Which country's currency do you support?
what are my reminders for this week
Delete all my calendar entries.
My card is not working when I try to use it.
are you a human or a bot
i want a meal from vietnam to be suggested to me
status of weather
Where is the transfer to my account?
My card was stolen and used to make several purchases. Please freeze my card so no one can use it.
do you know what song this is
what kind of gas does this car take
I am in desperate need to transfer funds from another account that i have into this one, how do i do that?
Play all music by Billy Joel
verify that my reservations at won wons for joe lee are good
nope, this was not the right response.
What events are near me ?
Exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
I'm confused as to why my top-up did not go through.
What does the weather look like this week?
i can't hear you can you say it again louder
what's your home town
i need a reminder to wash dishes
How long will it take for my transaction to be completed?
What time is the shine down concert tonight?
i think you are wrong.
take off my alarms
Are there charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
tell me what some of your hobbies are
Set an alarm for 1 hour from now
what is a chair
Restart American Gods.
enable cleaner robot
can you do it again please.
is milk one of the things i need to buy
turn off garage light
call my credit card company and ask can i use my points
My topup got reverted. Please let me know if there is any issue in system.
slow the volume speaker
my luggage has not arrived and i would like assistance locating it
tell me: car gas mileage
i want a fun fact about london
I contacted a seller about a refund last week but he still hasn't returned my money. I am frustrated and need these funds. Please help me get my money back.
add meeting with carla to my schedule for july 4
Why was I overcharged a pound!?
In what increments can I top-up my card?
what is happening in the world today
I hope you can help me. My account has been compromised from a different town that I haven't been to. Can you please place a hold on my account until I can make it to the bank?
i need to quick dinner suggestions
chane light colour to green
seven times seven
what is five divided by one
please tell me my spending limit
Is there any reason why my card didn't work when I tried to top up?
What is the source of my funds.
i must confirm my reservation for 2/20 at 8 pm
bye bye then
definitely not
Can I order a virtual card?
How do I get selected for a visa card?
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon
i would like you stop.
tell me starting phrase of this music
Make a playlist of all songs of Eminem and play with shuffle.
send a replay email
can you tell me the timezone that hartford is in
is an international visa needed to travel to z
how do you refer to me
give the shortest route to the airport
Is it after noon yet?
it doesn't really matter for me.
what date is my water bill due
how much is remaining after subtracting four from eight
Can someone assist me with the details explaining which fiat currencies that you support?
are you a pet owner
A few weeks ago, a strange transaction was made on my account by a seller I don't know. I am quite sure I didn't do it and will like for you to check it for me.
Can you see what Andrew emailed me about?
list my current gps coordinates
speaker volume decrease
is there any new environmental news
hey check emails
please let me know how to change the oil
what's the due date for my american express payment
can you open the reply inbox
say it one more time please.
would you confirm that please.
can you please unlock my bank account
i want to find out how do i schedule a meeting
any one will be ok for me.
show me boston's current time
did angelina jolie leave brad pitt
How can I tell where the money came from?
do you have the mailing address for the electric company
How long will it be  before the person I sent money to is able to see it?
toss a die would you
stock price for gss energy
i need to know how to report fraud on my discover card
Can I choose from either Visa or Mastercard?
There was an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawal!
i must know the next holiday
what's the the weather in Chicago?
Unsure how to provide my identity.
do i incur extra fees if i use my card in london
exchange rates between dollar and euro
Where is my new card? I have been waiting a week!
that wasn't right.
i haven't heard if my application for a credit card has been accepted or not can you check on it for me
switch on the wemo plug
this does not matter to me, olly.
what's the cheapest fares from lax to sfo for round trip flights leaving april 1st and returning april 7th
add an event
Can I add funds directly from my Apple Watch?
Set a reminder for next Saturday: Go to the library at five o'clock.
I think the top up failed
lets correct the sentences
i want to start calling you adam
why was my card declined
are there any grocery stores nearby
Why can't I get cash from the ATM?
what is a good way to make steak
I cannot get to my app, what should I do?
tweet a complaint to Apple about my iPhone 7
it's been 3 years since i changed my oil, how long until i have to deal with it
change the light colour to green
book xy play
Turn the lights on brighter
It does not appear that my message went through.
This alarm needs to be permanently silenced.
not right now
can you add up thirteen plus five plus nine for me
remove item three from the list
Is it possible to make several disposable cards in a day?
Can you please tell me why I was charged an extra fee on my transfer?
let me check my transaction for first bank card
Do I have any meeting today.
i'm looking for some dress shows can you find clothing stores within one mile
what sort of stuff do you know
tell me what you just said once again please.
book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may two for stored passenger list
i can't find my insurance card and i want to report it as lost
clean my calender
kindly break down your statement and make it simple.
what ingredients do i need to make egg salad
What is on my shopping list today?
What is the charge for topping up a card?
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
visit metronorth dot com to help me purchase train tickets
what benefits are available with my insurance
olly talk to you later on.
help me find my phone please
do not mind.
I paid with my card so so why was I charged a transaction fee?
get rid of tax list from nineteen ninety
give me a cool fact about puppies
Check all the new them wmails and mark them star
how long should i cook a steak to be medium
Is the card welcomed by everybody?
do you have a funny joke for me
does that restaurant deliver
I need to verify my identity. How do I do that?
turn program on xmtune
where you from the usa
on all the button on dashboard
let's try again.
Info
I need to withdraw money. Where can I do that?
open twitter and add complaint on doctor patel's feed
create calendar event
i want to apply for a alphabank card
I was charged more than once in a single transaction
start a game and play with me
Turn wemo plug socket on
can you look up chinese takeout near here
Remind me to contact old friends that I have not talked with in 6 months before they pass
say what the meaning of life is
I need to set a reminder to go to a work meeting on friday at 2:00PM.
what kind of oil do i need to use for my car
Currently my card is broken.
What may be the reason that my transfer did not go through?
i want to book a hotel in tampa from may 2 to may 4
HOW LONG TO TAKE THE TIME TO SOLVE
can i swap yogurt for sour cream
Explain why my top up would be reverted.
How much can I top-up to my card at a time?
i need to use my credit points
There are funds showing in my app that I did not receive.
I made a card payment by my card but it failed. Please let me know when the payment will get completed as its still pending.
i need a van that seats 8 or more for new york city, august 12th, 13th, and 14th
does olive garden have good customer reviews
Where is the top-up card verification code?
what are the carry-on restrictions for southwest airlines
Do i have to wait to get the pin or can i set up a pin
how many work contacts are in my phone book
Are there any upcoming events on my calendar?
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party.
does mcdonalds do takeaway
who the the song playing by?
can you turn on the wemo plug socket
i will talk to you later on.
i would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
remove milk from my grocery list
It's been two weeks, why has the transaction for $1.00 not been reversed?
I have my lists, right? What are they?
Play some rock music
show me what alarm times i've set for the week
find a taxi service close to me
My card is stolen.  Help!
what happened to charlie chaplin
How do I transfer funds from my American Express into my account?
i want to raise the light
My card was used without my permission.
switch to female voice
fantastic job, you did well, olly.
i need to know when i should change my tires
play album
Hey Olly post my complaint to @Microsoft on Twitter
tell me what is the nicest place to go
definition of zesty
What meetings occurred between january 1 and january 12
I got billed an extra pound!
disable my three pm alarm
I can't figure out how to unblock my pin number. Can you help me?
what benefits do i get from insurance
Smart plug socket off please.
My card payment has failed.
turn up volume
call me a taxi
i have a complaint
Repeat schedule.
how is the traffic on the way to the campsite
what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck
Call Pizza Hut and find out if my order is ready.
can you please check that.
There is a card payment I do not recognise.
off all the lights on the right side
i would like some help getting a rental car reserved in los angeles
Why did my transfer not go through?
what did you mean by it.
erase my to do list
do you have a birth date
I want you to create a list for me
i appreciate it, it is excellent job.
I need a new passcode.
are you serious.
hiya!
my car battery is dead, how do i charge it
whatever will be fine.
bed room two lights off
What is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
date and time
Get me a car
Find a debate about schools in UK
Is the EUR accepted for exchanges?
Why would my card payment not work?
i need to trace a deposit
I was charged twice for a few things this week when I only bought one. What do I do?
play my favourite podcast
isn't it a lovely song please save this for me
go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection
After this song please play this song
i want to listen to one oh one point one the whiz
I want coffee everyday
yes, that is a fact
play audiobook
I'm not certain my top-up went through yet.
instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in ten minutes
what's the calorie content for fried eggs
that does not matter for me.
tweet this tweet coffee was too hot and at this company costa coffee
i want to know if my vacation request has been approved
what's that the album is current music from
i am sorry but this was not the right command.
get the roomba to start cleaning
Is there a fee to add money to an international card?
i want a hotel booked in salem near the concert hall from the first to the second
set a timer for twelve seconds
There's a cash withdraw on my statement that I didn't make.
what are the prices to get to chicago on a train book the cheapest one
how long can i keep milk in the fridge
no payments on my bank account
There was just a withdrawal but it wasn't me, I've never even visited the town where the withdrawal happened.
will you say once again please.
what is a good recipe for steak
what is the definition of god
s2, didn't get that.
How often does the train arrive and depart from Penn Station?
help me search for my phone
What are the limits for disposable virtual cards?
is it possible to change to original settings
Do you charge extra for topping up with a debit or credit card?
any fantastic restaurants to get shrimp at in atlanta
Call an Uber for me
Please run <insert vacuum name>
PDA what can you do?
i need to get 3 riders to union station
show me some current events
Define swerving.
I should not have been charged a fee for cash withdrawal.
how much is my state taxes
play any song of arijit singh.
i have my clothes list
let's play a game
send reply
share the nutrition info for pizza with me
I transferred some money but the balance stayed the same.
I'm not happy, I want to close my account.
do a coffee for me please
what is tomorrow's alarm time set to
What is the minimum age to open an account?
Need to deposit a cheque into my account
Lesson the speaker volume
Set me a reminder for the get-together with the women's club on Sunday after church.
what meetings do i have today from 3 to 4
i want to know where to visit in bangkok
s2, could not get what you have said.
Who did I email last?
turn on the coffee pot
please turn on my coffee pot
Why would I get a decline message in a transfer?
yeap.
Where is the PIN for my card located?
make the socket available for me
call me mike from now on
meeting with Joe next week tuesday
how can i find my routing number for el dorado
When will the transfer be completed?
hi how is everything
Where are cards available to order?
i need to go to lyon book a train ticket
is the marathon on friday added to my calendar
I don't know my password
tell me who wrote this song
turn my bathroom plug socket on
what is my location right now
how long does it take to make mashed potatoes
open davinci code audiobook
play my play list
please change pin to 1234 on my bank account trailing in 3829
Can I withdraw money from another bank and transfer it into my empty account?
I want a refund because my package has been taking too long to arrive. How do I go about doing that?
anything would be good with me, olly.
My ID verification hasn't gone through yet, but can I use my account anyway?
what is terranova stock going for
what is the current value of yen in american money
do you know what day it is
i am in need of a switch to my insurance plan
How can I tell where my funds came from?
Can money be exchanged from one currency to another?
wats up
confirm my last command please.
I have used my account abroad for a while without any fees, why am I being charged additional fees all of a sudden?
Where is the money that I transferred.
how do i find my present location right now
i want to schedule a pto request on march 1-2
how do i get to poughkeepsie from new york city
remind me of location A on the date of X on calendar.
Can you please download my podcaste file available in internet and play it once?
open calendar and erase all events for all months
My card doesn't work when I use it.
i want you to flip a coin
what do you know me as
Today is 5th Mar?
change the color of the lights
I don't understanfd how to top up
PDA does Mr Pizza deliver?
I would like to mute the speakers, please.
Can you help me get a disposable virtual card?
yes you have done that exactly.
in jaipur traffic level is high
post a facebook status engaged
Send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china.
are there any holidays this month
Can I top-up my google pay?
i need to let my bank know i am traveling to la
What do I have to do next?
what's the closest taxi to me
My address needs to be revised.
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for 7 am please
Rahul marriage reminder
please dim the lights in the bedrooms
how long does it take to get to red robin on phoenix
thank you so much for the help, olly.
Do I have anything on my honey do list?
Tell me the nearest location.
newest world news
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
PDA, please change the lighting to blue.
fix the driving route from here to grant market
i spilled wine on my credit card and now its all mushy and needs to be replaced
How many days does a regular transaction take to complete?  I see a pending payment that hasn't changed in the last several days.
Play WXYZ.
i need information about my recent transaction
Am I charged if I make a top-up?
Can I add money in intervals to my account?  I will be traveling.
apple cider has been in my fridge for four months so can i still drink it
What do I have to do to get a Visa card?
I got my American Express in Apple Bay but top up is not working
What went wrong when I tried to do my transfer?
name the singer
Add birthday reminder on September 4
achievements of sachin tendulkar
please add dinner with mary to my calendar on saturday
do you call me a certain name
How many unread messages have i got PDA?
tweet to ikea costumer service the following i'm not happy with this new klm product
add paper towels to the grocery list
Can you send an email for me to a new email address?
I hope we could eat cookies and watch movies together.
Play the song Get happy by Ella Fitzgeral
how many euro will i get for ten dollars
How do i verify my card?
that is confirmed.
what movies are playing this week
i am in the mood for some classical music
i'm going to start calling you joe
please delete the reservation for 3 people at outback
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
i need to find the interest rate for my checking account
Do you not accept crypto transfers from certain places? Because when I tried to do a top up the money just disappeared. Im not sure what to do or what I'm doing wrong, please help.
nope, incorrect command.
place alarm at five o'clock morning
remove tuesday alarm of nine am
Help!  My wallet was stolen and someone is taking money out.  I need this money!  What can I do?
How many phone numbers do I have for Brenden?
name this song
There was a charge applied when I used my card.
would you try the last utterance spoken once more please.
Where can virtual cards be ordered?
Online banking is not showing my cheque or cash deposit so the balance is incorrect.
reply to Johns email by saying yes I can.
I just lost my wallet and I think someone is using my card to withdraw my money. Can you please cancel or freeze my card?!!
what is the credit limit on my discover card
Terrorist activities
What do I do to get a disposable virtual card?
i want the interest rate for my checking account
we no longer need fries on the shopping lisr
i need to set up a meeting with the ceo tomorrow
what is the meaning of word "rescind
Check emails for last hour
how far away is the sun
Play MF Doom, anything.
I would like to use cash to make a top-up?
which kinds of info are you familiar with
Why am I being charged for transferring money?
why verify the top up? it doesnt make sense
can you play a game with me
please turn off the lights in the bedroom
add a vet appointment for 5 pm on saturday
How will I get my card?
How much does General Tsos chicken cost a Peking Garden?
can you please put the vacuum on
I can't get into the app with the passcode.
turn the vacuum on
lower lights
I read about the auto-top up function, but can't find it in the app.
i want to take karate classes where are local karate studios
can you tell me why my card was declined
is my order already here
give me the time?
How cold is it in Anchorage, Alaska?
What's wrong with my card? The clerk at the grocery store said it was declined.
how much traffic do they get around dinner time
is it possible to make a reservation at redrobin
Can I get delivery from this restaurant?
mute for the next hour please
Where can I use my card?
please change my checking account pin to 1234
Hello, I noticed there is a payment from my card to a business that I am not familiar with. I definitely did not make this payment.
Will it be rainy day tommorrow?
PDa, download cooking app
Locate Jen's most recent email so I can reply
About two days ago now, I made a transfer from France but it hasn't arrived yet. Is it possible that the international transfer just takes longer?
call the customer cell through email
flip the wemo on
i want to schedule somewhere get my tires checked out
Let me know about my meetings after some days
what's my next events
i want you to flip a coin now
My pin needs unblocking, unblock it please?
that is nice work, thanks.
what should i watch today
how much money do i pay in taxes, please
please book a train ticket from jodhpur to jaisalmer on sunday
Will my pin number be sent with my card?
Who built the Prado Museum?
thank you for helping.
just stop please.
s1, please elaborate once again to me.
i want you just cancel it.
My card will not work
Did you deactivate my card it's not working anymore
olly's command is incorrect.
you have done it right thank you so much, olly.
help me to mute my speaker
Why is there a transaction that shows multiple times?
Delete the shopping trip I have scheduled March 23rd
If the object is for sale, then what is the price.
i gotta add hey jude by the beatles to my playlist
i like classic rock
My new card is here, what's the process for activating it?
i love this song
Delete event for November
Why am I being charged the wrong currency exchange when I purchased something abroad?
what kind of traffic is there at 9:00 on the route to detroit
change light colour to yellow
What is the time in Bangalore ?
How can I change my name because I just got married?
will you rephrase this again to me please.
i would like to set a reminder to bring the plants in tonight
how much can i charge on my visa
what should i do in bangor
Show the list that are available with numbers
What are some of the restrictions that the disposable cards have?
call aj
please purchase a amtrak ticket from las vegas nevada to lakeland florida leaving on the first of april
confirm that buy a light bulb is on my list of reminders
what would your name be
tell me about your pets
can you set the alarm for noon
can you buy something from walmartcom for me
s2, your response is not so clear.
turn it to frequency nine hundred and ninety seven
i have no idea regarding to which to choose.
Turn on hall lights.
My money hasn't been transferred yet.
I haven't gotten my credit card in the mail.
I would like open a second card for my daughter, how can you assist me?
please find all name start with alphabetic of g and create a list
I couldn't transfer money to my bank, why not?
I'm worried that my card has been compromised because I see a payment that I didn't make.
can you turn the lights up
can you explain string theory to me
set the temperaure to 71
I have young kids. Can they use this service?
Can I Transfer from SWIFT?
do they take reservations at bjs
What artist is singing that song?
Have you started charging for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free until I noticed this fee. How much is the fee?
Does it cost much or take long to get a new card? Mine is about to expire.
Hi, I tried to top up my card today and it did not work. I have tried it in the past and it worked just fine but it won't do it anymore. Can you help me out?
list all the events in my march calendar
give me a company for playing football
What is a good taco recipe?
I noticed that my card was charged more than once for one thing.
upcoming events on list
My PIN got blocked, help.
check what i just said.
in boston, what are the best pizza places
TDL
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
can you please speed up your speech
please let me know how many days i've taken off
hey siri make me laugh with a good joke
i do not mind to select any one.
Add this song to favorites playlist.
Is there a tracking number for the card?
delete item four
tell me if you are a person or ai
i want to and my email address
please cancel my reservation
please find all name start with alphabetic of g and create a list
i have to go but it was nice talking again!
i do not really mind for anything, olly.
brighten lights in living room
how many virtual cards can i have, i want 8
Can I change my PIN at any cash machines?
Erase my appointment on the 12th from my calendar.
Did I get an email from Sarah?
Is there anything new on reddit?
yeap exact response to command.
i was not so clear about what you've said.
I am missing a refund amount on my account.
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
When are cards shipped?
what name should i use when i call you
louder volume please
stock price for amazon
that's not the right answer.
Why would the app show a withdrawal that I did not make?
What's the funniest joke you know?
What do I do to activate my new card?
I'm not happy with the services I'm getting with this company. Can you please delete my account?
computer, call alexa
Delete the memos that I have scheduled for tomorrow morning.
could you call sal
i will talk to you later on.
thanks for listening.
what time is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
any ideas on a good place to eat out
Describe what a virtual reality headset does
can you tell me the current time in the pacific timezone
i received my American Express in Apple pay, why is top up not working?
can you tell me when i'm supposed to get paid
find john smith from Alabama
please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom
i'd like a coffee now
I just moved to the US how do I get a card?
How can I top up with Google play?
Set a 2-week reminder for for the 20th of every quarter beginning 3/20 to pay my HOA.
text mom i'll talk to you later
I cannot see a refund in my account
Change the lights to red.
Who accepts my card?
tell me the current balance of my bank accounts
delete all my calendar events
put a hundred dollars in my ally account from bluebird
i want to know about this song
remove upcoming task
What street do i take to get to downtown?
prepare list
make my calendar empty
I need help. I asked for a refund from a merchant a while ago, but I have not gotten my money back. I keep checking my account, but nothing is showing up. What should I do now?
please check and confirm the last thing said.
how high is the s n. p
stock price for apple
I would like to know what exchange rates you use?
Are there any new emails from today?
set a timer for me
how do I speed up identity verification?
do i have anything planned for today
What should I do in San Diego?
I am not seeing recent cash withdrawal on my account.
turn on the wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
i really enjoyed sunny day today
answer me in french
i need help, i lost my card
Will my employer be able to pay me with this service
let my bank know that i am going to tokyo
give me the shopping list
PDA: Reply to Bill's email and add it to my contact list
please show me lists
My funds are not transferring to my bank. Why is this not working?
shut up.
light settings
i would not really know, olly.
I only made one transaction at this place, but it's appearing multiple times.
Mixed or fake products in market
who was your creator
Mark April 20 as my brother's birthday.
what am i listening to right now
uh no, it is incorrect answer.
how can you get basalt?
find my interest rate
The amount of cash I selected to withdraw is different than what I received.
what do you have for my name
my card expires in what month
How much is the exchange fee?
My weekly plan
please book a train ticket from london to manchester
How do I get refunded?
Name me off the lists avaible
did mom text me
what is the amount of rewards points on my visa card
please turn the lights brighter
what's a good joke
what is four plus five
shall we play a game
turn off the office lights
confirm my taco house reservation for jean
What are the acceptable currencies for adding funds?
you have done it right thank you very much.
olly add new email to Anna
hi olly please cancel all the programs for friday
any one will be ok with me, olly.
raise the volume of the speakers
Favorite places to eat
What is the current weather in New York city
do i have a new email from eric
Add pick up kids from school to my to do list for today
do you know what the interest rate is on my account
I would like to return my purchases
find lyrics of this song and save it it is very nice song
what is email id of john
this is unimportant.
i need to rent a car in chicago but don't know how
What is the most I can top-up?
I need to modify my details.
where can i get the employment form i need to do my taxes
in one cookie, how many calories would i find
How many emails have I received recently?
can you speak quieter please
Is it possible for me to give my daughter a second card for this account?
start reading fifty shades of grey from chapter four
save my contacts
Why is the exchange rate wrong when I purchase something abroad?
will you please check and confirm my last instruction.
PDA, post to Facebook: at the spa, yay!  With a smiley face emoticon.
has the order that i placed arrived
tell person A i want meet him today.
how do i get a w-2
find out the reason why am i locked out of my bank account
cya later
how much are my taxes for my income
remember this email
I can't see a verification code anywhere
resume last playlist
i need anyone who can help me pay my electric bill
Please mute the sound.
can you show me the nutrition facts for grapes
How can I reset my passcode?
begin radio play
How long do I need to wait til my top up isn't pending?
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
10 minutes is the setting for the timer
Is it possible to exchange USD and GBP on the app?
select shuffle all
There's a duplicate charge on my account?
My card is missing.  Please help.
i hate this song
i did not want you to send that text yet wait until i say send
does pings have takeaway
Do I get  a mastercard and visa?
you should respond in english
would you consider my apr to be good
activate robot cleaner in an hour
I need you to book a taxi for me.
give me all contents of my shopping list
I didn't get the right amount of  cash because of the exchange rate.
do i need to wear a coat today
Please play the morning show on 95.1 fm.
What important dates are there in my calendar this month?
when my takeaway order will arrive?
i could not catch up with you.
what do you do in your spare time
clear my schedule for today
Can I submit a check or cash payment?
can you check and confirm my last command please.
what is the conversion for 500 dollars to pesos
how do i prepare all my food for cooking
Will I get a visa or Mastercard?
timer 10 minutes
make the volume lower
i would love it if you could put a stop on my bank account
Why is my cash withdrawal pending?
put dishes on to do list
if i go by bus, how long will it take to get to the airport
have pho send three egg rolls
could you slow down your speech
i want to finally read the mars trilogy
what's a good recipe for chicken divan
Show latest events around new york
whats today
Decrease brightness
add email to contacts
can you tell me what the next holiday is
start the league of legends game
What places will accept my card?
send a giggle my way
next alarm
it does not matter to me, olly.
I do not recognise the card payment.
put pencil on a new grocery list
let me hear my list
you have done the task wrong.
i want you to change to the male voice
tell me how to check rewards on my american express card
what day will i earn my payment from work
What purpose the event been scheduled for
i need you to book me a flight from ft lauderdale to houston on southwest
Why won't my card work anymore?
please send email to pawel with reminder
well done, thank you very much.
can you tell me the amount of calories i can expect one tuna sandwich to contain
i would like to know how to perform an oil change
my american saving bank was stolen
remove my meeting today at one pm
if a pencil cost four dollars and a book ten dollars cost how much i should pay if i buy two pencil and three book
call a taxi
Why would I be charged more than once for the same transaction?
What is my card's PIN?
I took out money and there is a fee.  Why?
i'd like an uber for 6 people, going to walmart
can you order me takeout
Hi , I just came to know I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
I tried using my card today and it's not working, can you help me?
Provide valid references with information to help people understand critical thinking and giving credit where credit is due rather than perpetuate fake news and alternative facts
I've been waiting for something that i've ordered for months now and it still hasn't arrived. I genuinely don't know what this company is doing, but put plainly, i've had enough. Please issue a refund immediately, i would not like to waste anymore of my time on these people.
discontinue your current task
I would like to know the route the train will go to get to Miami
go ahead and find me a hotel with good reviews in phoenix
is gus's a take out place
send a giggle my way
Play some blues by Atif Aslam
it is not the correct response.
initiate cleaning process
Where do I need to go in the app to enter my card info?
will you please rephrase me further on that.
is it sunny in gonbad now
Hey olly play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
can you check the amount of calories in a chicken sandwich
did not understand it.
give weather stat for the week
sound off please
One of my payments was doubled
the location is _____
what day of the week is the twenty second march
How long does it take for a pending cash withdrawal?
Does paradise has takeaway
is euro the best currency to trade
Why is my transfer still pending after all this time?
I would like to top up via credit card, which credit cards do you support?
Why am I being charged certain fees? I noticed a fee after I withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working?
I'm going to the theater on Friday at 7 with Dave. Can you add that to my calendar?
Please add concert at summerfest to calander
Do I get  a mastercard and visa?
help me convert kilos to pounds
does my visa have international transaction fees
i would love to know my credit score
Hey Olly, today i was fired from my job.
tell me how to check my rewards for my american express card
How can I get my card out of the stupid ATM that ate it?
Tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again.
what's the wait for a table at olive garden right now
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
play program on xmtune please
This transaction needs both a Visa and a Mastercard.
ems pda
can you talk slower please
how many crows are in 10 murders
Echo are there any new emails for me.
how do i say hello in french
my order was put in and i was wonder how i can see the status of it
Why is the exchange rate for my payment incorrect?
restart your actions with the original settings you came with
What's on my list to do today?
turn the lamp off
I'd like to make some changes to my personal information.
Cash I didn't get shows in my app.
What would I be charged in receiving a SEPA transfer?
How much traffic does Atlanta, Georgia usually have?
After looking at the app I noticed a couple of payments I know I did not make. Is it possible someone has accessed my card? What is actually going on?
how many lists do i have in contacts
I managed to drunken block my card :(( Help!
Is the weather ok in Sydney?
Dorothy needs to talk to me about our divorce. Can you please set up a meeting as soon as I am available?
Hey Olly, what will the weather be like to today in los Angeles California?
are there any shots i need to travel to karachi
please make a coffee for me
store opinion  on song
What are your supported countries?
pull up ways to lower credit score
well done, thank you so much.
i really need you to confirm my reservation for kevin at red robin
tell me my list names
where is starbucks
Is there an auto top up feature?
How do I get a spare card?
Hello, I have tried using crypto top up but it is not working. I had some money in my account but I'm not sure what happened
Can I set automatic top ups?
remove cereal from my shopping list
What should I do if I think someone stole my details and used my information to make some transactions?
I FAVORITE SINGER IS ARIJIT SINGH, FIND HIS VOICE ON RADIO.
My card has been found. Is there any way for me to put it back into the app?
check any mail from amazon
what is a  sphere.
My husband and I went out for our weekly "dinner and a movie," and it was my turn to pick up the check. Now I see that my card was charged twice. Who should I contact about negating the second charge and getting my card credited?
what hobbies do you like to partake in
i will be traveling to rome from february 1 to march 1, please make this aware to my bank
Remind me about meeting at 8am to 12pm
Will I need a jacket today?
make me a reservation for 5 people at village tavern for the calloways
Time to workout
are there any status updates on cnn news facebook page
Olly Play be warned by tech n9ne
is there a fee for a transfer? if so how much will it be?
How do I reactivate my card?
tell me what's going on with facebook
can you tell me where flight dl123 is
my phone is lost - can you help me find it
Turn on my son's room plug socket on/off.
oops, i think you didn't get response right.
how long should i cook a hamburger on each side
Let me know what's accumulated in my inbox since 3pm.
at what point will i need another oil change
Alexa, I would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
Are there any fees associated with receiving money?
let me know the alarm time
i want everything on my shopping list ordered
lindafancy55@gmail dot com
skip this one
how to cook yellow rice
directions please
Please delete bananas from my shopping list.
resume the reading of the french lesson
Take out event from calendar
My account is locked because I used the wrong pin too many times.  Please help.p
alexa, tell me the location of my phone
hi olly post my last clicked photo on facebook with title marry christmas
Please tell me how I can get a virtual card.
could you open my list app and check for groceries please
What is the current share value for MSNBC?
play next episode
increase volume to fifty percent
will you tell me my spending limit
please change your response language to english
Why has my card been declined?  whats the deal?
I want to know how to transfer money with my credit card
How do I know if my top up was unsuccessful?
What is the exchange rate of US dollar to pound sterling?
would it be safe to go to columbia
what is the name of your boss
I'm at an ATM and withdrew 30 pounds and was only given 10. What should I do?
Can I top up my account with a check?
what is the name i should use to refer to you
i just started this new job and need help with my 401k rollover
i want to have that repeated for me
how's weather today?
Why was I charged extra on my last UK pound to Russian ruble exchange?
how me the time now in boston
i would like to know the timezone for britain
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
why are whales big
my card payment has been declined, do you know why?
can you check and confirm detail please.
What should I do if I lost my card?
Remove upcoming calendar event
Play my favourite playlist
just toss a coin
do i need an international visa to go to canada
are there carry-on restrictions for delta
I mostly pay attention
what are the benefits i get for my health
I don't recognize this withdrawal on my statement
can you get me a table for 5 at outback steakhouse at 6:30pm
please set alarm for all days
money exchange
need to know where money comes from
what is the theme of the party?
How do i cancel a charge?
what sorts of things are you into
Open Uber and book a car for 12 o'clock
can you book an uber tomorrow
I got less than what i asked for in the ATM, why?
what time will i be able to board the plane
what is today
what are your favorite activities
show me what time it is
please check and tell me contact details of mongomery llc company
I made a cash withdrawal and was charged a fee incorrectly can you help with this?
i want to hear surfin usa
I'm wanting to get a Visa card today.
no, you gave me not correct information.
If someone sends me money, will I be charged?
Why can I not get cash from the ATM?
What happens if I deposit a cheque accidentally?
can you tell me why is my bank account frozen
this is a five star song
What is the chance of precipitation in todays weather?
When did I place my order and what was the projected time it would take?
i have to take sunglasses in today afternoon
Please add deodorant to my shopping list.
I need my card now!
can you call michelle on the home phone
what is love
what do you like being called
look up when our next day off will be
correct.
What will bw thr time now in Washington
The card I've got seems to be broken.
on my calendar are there any birthdays
How long can an EU transfer take?
Please remove this alarm
I have a disposable card, how many transactions can I make?
check out my location up on the map
I would like to get a Visa card
Show me where I can see the PIN?
french time zone
tuesday lunch meeting
away off or take off a specific calender event
you did not give the correct information that i asked for.
My card is being used online to make a bunch of purchases! Someone else is using it fraudulently. Can you help me freeze it?
to charge my phone in india will i need a plug converter
i need a hotel room big enough for 4 people from monday to wednesday in lakewood
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.
what's the tire pressure of my tires
Can I change my pin through the app?
Why am I unable to withdrawal cash?
Who is doing FaceBook live right now?
i want to order some pizza
please lower the speaker volume
I don't need to transfer anymore and I want to cancel it.
There's a cash withdrawal on my account that I didn't make
could you please schedule a meeting with carrie and lisa
can you get my credit limit increased to $1000
read off to me the last five transactions i've made
did linda connors reply to any of my emails this morning
cnn world news
call raju phone number
tell me something funny
Echo, tell me about Martin Luther King Jr.
it seems like the answer was not correct.
check and confirm it.
I tried to top up but the app rejected it.
How do I find out what countries you service and what countries you do not?
brighten my bedroom light
it is unimportant for me, olly.
i do not have pizza so will you order me some more
delete all events for the next five days
send 'happy new year' to 'john@gmail.com'
does mcdonald's have good reviews
i need more information about my income
yeah great.
How come I can't seem to verify my id?
do i owe any bills
Please tell me how to change my pin.
How can I unlock the pin?
My money transfer has not arrived.
how long does it take to replace a stolen credit card
i think this was not the correct answer.
will you rephrase me about your answers further please.
i lost my phone can you help me
turn off the bedroom lamp
I messed up a transfer and need to reverse it.
inform me about the most popular rom com movie playing now in theatres across new york
could you please rephrase me further on your answers.
s2, i didn't catch that.
Did you start charging for cash withdrawals? I thought it was free so far but noticed suddendly there is a fee. How much do I need to pay?
define ambivalence for me please
start a vacuum cleaner
Can I still use my account, even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
appreciate the response.
google i need one train ticket to new york can you book that for me
what food is good
I have trouble proving my identity.
uhh no, wrong.
What  is the verification process for a top up card?
please explain me more on what you've just said.
what is the temp right now
open contacts and find john smith
can someone look at my car cause the check engine light is on
Open my inbox
speakers off
I think my top up did not work
When traveling, is it possible for it to add money at specific time intervals?
book me an uber ride to go home
anything is okay for me.
The music of this song is very melodious and relaxing
My account is depleted. Can I transfer funds from another bank?
My top-up is not working. Why is that?
Who was the first president of United States
Is auto top up available?
tell me my usage of vacation days
what's the calorie content of french fries
Tell me about all the events this month on Facebook and which one's my friends are going to?
it is nice job, thanks.
i'm having trouble scheduling a meeting
play hip hop songs
convert five s. d. to rials
How do I go about unlocking a pin?
What are the traffic conditions on the 101?
how many vacation days have i used
I didn't realize that there were any fees for withdrawing money from my account--this has never happened to me before.  What exactly are the fees?
PDA: Anything interesting from Bob's News
Is there a certain age I need to be?
Give me a weather report for las vegas.
Did I set reminder for tomorrow meeting at 5 pm?
what kinds of questions can i ask of you
that's useful, thank you so much.
s2, do not get the last sentence.
Remove grocery list
lower speaker volume
what are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese
How do I go about verifying my identity?
make the wemo plug socket turned on.
Can I cancel my transaction?
write apples on my shopping list
do you have my name programmed
is it acceptable to swap beef for tempeh
oh no, you did task all wrong.
you are helpful, thanks.
bring me a train ticket.
please sent this email to my friend
tell me the time when 'punjab mail' will reach gwalior
post a complaint via twitter to cvs pharmacy
what meaning does life hold
Why can't I get cash from the ATM?
Play the radio band with documentary
i love kfi so much he's by far my favorite
find instructions for how to change the oil in a 2015 passat
what is status of my bank account
howmany 3 are available in 27
i'd like to hear what i've just said again.
do you know how to answer this math question
can you give me the newest phone number for bobby mcgee
i would like coffee now
how do you set up direct deposit
reply to erins email by saying i will be on time
<unk> ok buy that one
Technology
steps to change car oil
whatever.
Why am I unable to transfer money when I was able to before?
give me a fun fact about komodo dragon
My daughter need a card from this account. Is that possible?
i'm out of shampoo so will you order me some more
tweet to amazon about late delivery of my tv
How often am I able to top-up?
i'd like you to roll a 6 sided dice
suggest a meal from new york to me
how many dollars can i exchange for 200 yen
info of rowan atkinson
change back to default settings
My address has changed. How do I report it?
Can you tell me where I can withdraw money?
tell me what cyst means
how do you make benedict arnold
did not receive correct cash upon withdrawal
what time is twelve pm eastern time in pacific time
I made a mistake and did a transaction to a wrong account, can I cancel?
how busy will panera be at noon
switch off whisper mode
i want you to change to the male voice
after this song play atmosphere
play pandora
Describe a fifty inch smart TV.
where can i shop as a local tourist
do i have any new emails from sarah
Are there any fees to get additional cards?
cross out bananas from my shopping list and put papayas on it, please
Is there a way to lookup where funds came from?
hi olly please remove the birthday event on coming sunday
Status of my inbox.
Hi, i don't know what's going on i've just paid for my top up twice by accident can you help me get a refund please.
What next in my must watch movie list.
yeah you get it perfectly.
please put a block on my td ameritrade account now
How does someone else top up my account
I have a fee listed for a transfer.
i was just at target and they declined my card and i can't understand why
get us spaghetti from pizza hut
can you get me an uber to disney world
when ought i get my tires changed next
I am not recognizing a debit payment from my account.
Any new emails?
The money disappeared after I topped up my account.
do i need to get vaccinations before i go
what type of gas do i need to put in this car
Send a message on Facebook to pending friend requests that my friend list is full and I will be creating a new profile soon.
what is the correct spelling of the word: dessert
is milk in my shopping list if not, add it
who should i contact if my refund doesn't go through?
Play all songs on shuffle
A payment shows up on the app that I never made.
I want to wake up at 6:00 am tomorrow please
Keep me updated on this
please turn the lights off in the bathroom
hey just take off everything from my todo list
let's have a warm glow in the front room
turn up the speakers
It wants me to verify the top up. Why?
what day of the week is my birthday this year
Why didn't my transfer go through?
I tried to make a transfer and it failed.
be my clock
I was the victim of someone stealing my wallet.  My card is being used and it isn't me.  What should I do?
I set up a payment to a new payee and sent some money but the person I'm sending it to has not received it.  Can you check where the money is?
will they take reservations at torris
do i have anything scheduled in my events
I am waiting for a payment to go through.
i need to know what song this is that we're listening to
Can you delete the doctors appoitment i had tuesday.
please desync my current mobile
do i have anything planned for the twenty first
do you mind putting a stop on my bank account
Get me a taxi to the airport right now?
tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
what do my federal taxes look like
do i have graham crackers on my shopping list if not please add it
Forward email to liz
You shoud know about
play npr on this station
Please brighten the lights
i want to submit an application for a barclay's card
Why couldn't I get cash from an ATM?
please let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
What character do Chris Evans play?
is there a national holiday on fifth december
in what timezone does baton rouge fall
i wouldn't really mind for whatever, olly.
confirm last thing said please.
what's the current exchange rate for the euro against u. s. d.
will i need sunblock this weekend
What time is the Black-Tie Gala Dinner supposed to begin?
What are the hours from CVS?
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
Can I exchange an item for a refund?
please get me an uber to get to the movies
how could i replace my oil and what form of oil ought to i take advantage of
play podcast episode new
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been actually charged though...
show conversion rate of u. s. d. and euro
What is the process to activate a card
I see a transfer fee, but to my understand, that should have been free, what happened?
what's thirteen plus fourteen
no, you gave me incorrect information.
what are the news notification
how much can i top up?
start the coffee machine at three
you have done that perfectly.
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
my back needs to be notified that i will be in american from april to may
Why was I charged an extra fee when doing a transfer?
so i have had pizza in the fridge since monday, so is it safe to eat
How long does the cash withdrawal take to pend?
when did i go to the mechanic
can you book a train ticket to Berkeley for me
add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
see you later
set a six minute timer
how is the new movie swat
I made an online purchase and the order has not shown up. Give me my money back.
ai, what do people call you
Transfer unable to be completed, states 'declined'
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
set volume higher
need to know where money comes from
play music true love
I used foreign currency to buy something and I think the rate applied is incorrect.
play sam harris please
How long do I need to wait til my top up isn't pending?
it was great to have this conversation with you
What's the news in politics on CNN?
ribs can stay in the fridge for how long before they turn
i need to know what my gps coordinates are
don't mind for whatever.
Would it be possible to activate my card?
Where can virtual cards be ordered?
can you tell me about the traffic
What reminders do I have scheduled before noon tomorrow?
Is it possible to give a second card from my account to my daughter?
i would like to compare insurance plan options
could you clarify me on it further.
show me the current time
Please delete my account.
turn off the lights in this room please
any signs of rain
Will you mark that I have a meeting with tom at 3 tomorrow.
Reduce the brightness.
What currencies or cards do you support for topping up?
would you repeat the last please.
i'm not able to find my luggage and i was on southwest airlines flight ab123 out of houston
How do I report a cash withdrawal that wasn't me?
kindly assist me in filing compliant about service X
could you check the detail please.
delete events
Start coffee.
is milk on my shopping list
Give me information about this song
PLEASE TELL WHAT WOULD BE THE WEATHER IN WASHINGTON DC FOR THE COMING WEEK.
please can you cancel.
please change my retirement account pin number to 1234
did i receive a message from kevin
didn't understand your answers.
find food and order
Tell me the top stories on CNN
ATM is broken. It did not give me the full amount (30 pounds.)  I'm standing here with only 10 pounds and it's telling me it gave me 30 pounds. I need assistance now!
Tweet consumer service that the delivery is late.
thumbs down
Why would a cash withdrawal be pending?
set reminder for tomorrow for this item
Why isn't my cheque deposit showing on my account?  I though it would be faster and would like to to look into it and help.
Don't forget to remind me of my brother's birthday on April 20.
I haven't received my card.
you have done it right.
I'm looking for the option to top up by cheque.
Is there a way to use a cheque to top up my account?
i want to play blackjack
erase my appointment for march seven
do you know any fun facts about shampoo
can you tell me what an chaise is
increase brightness in the room
can you share card tracking number?
i am going to need help paying my rent bill
Play rock radio station
get rid of my eight am alarm
what will the weather be like on date?
I'm checking my statements and I saw a purchase from a couple weeks ago that I don't recall at all. Not only that, but I don't even know the business that charged it. I'm not sure if I did it or not, but can we check it and see if we can trace it back to make certain?
how many notifications do i have on facebook
Please play the radio.
let me know what kinds of pets you have
will i be safe while traveling to lyon (will you be safe)
Can I also transfer with SWIFT?
ai could you say that again
Please help me in this, as i was unable to make any payment by my new card,  it was getting declined repeatedly. I am not very happy with this incident.
is it ok if i use both visa and mastercard
can i change you name to gretchen
you've done it correctly thank you.
can i hear the male voice please
Please help me.  My disposable virtual card won't work right.
find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup
i need a recipe for spaghetti
power off on
What do I do after the ATM takes my card.
what day is memorial day this year?
that's cool, appreciated, olly.
Do you have charges now when you pay with a card?
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at seven today
Echo was my afernoon meeting cancelled?
I believe my top up was reverted.
Please check the news on social media
Will there be snow tomorrow?
schedule pizza takeout for 7 p.m.
give me the best pizza deals offered today
Why can't I use this beneficiary?
is gus's a take out place
can you unlock my bank account
show me upcoming programmes on one hundred and five point one
can you make me a reservation for 4 pm on the 22nd at ruth's
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
for this design, what company did it
please will you confirm the last thing said.
go to menu
How is traffic from work to home.
i want to listen to be more chill by ned vizzini
schedule a meeting with al on tuesday
play music by taylor swift
Let me see my playlist to reorganize.
I want to hear 80s Pop music
please include laundry on my to do list
I need a taxi in 30 minutes
add bread to my list of things to buy
what type of cheese do i need for my enchiladas
What currency can I use to pay for a top up?
you've got me incorrectly.
delete the shopping list
Play 2112 by Rush.
Could you please help me figure out why the seller has not received their money after I sent it.
how much vacation do i have saved
What does the €1 fee mean?
sorry but i think that's not the right answer.
i took my truck to the shop
i want to hear this week's midweek motorsport
what open lists do i have
I want to reverse a purchase. Can I cancel it?
Show me my reminders.
show me a funny joke
how do i apply for a new credit card
Why was I charged twice for the same transaction?
Please delete this account.
tell me the nutrition info for a cup of milk
wrong i will repeat the command now.
add help! by the beatles to my playlist
tweet bad servise related to out local Haskell McDonalds
yes exact.
add new item to list
If I exchange currencies frequently, is there a discount?
turn volume to 4
set an alarm forty minutes from now
definition of velocity
i desire to apply for a bank of america travel rewards credit card
Brighten the lights a little bit.
so how many days did i take off sir
What proof of identification is needed?
is vacation a go
how do they say hello in germany
tweet complaint
Denmark geographic location?
whats your exchange rate
Which flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
Why verify the top-ups?
Set up each <day>> at <time> for
up the volume the sound is too low
tweet my complaint on targets customer service
Can I do a bank transfer to put additional money in my account because I am out of money?
confirm a movie ticket at glory theater
which subjects are you the most experienced with
My card payment is pending.
Is there a reason that my transfer failed?
what is your favourite pet
add broccoli to my grocery list
get a 3 minute timer
delete all my calendar events
I placed a cash deposit in my account but I can't see it yet.
what is the square root of thirty six
I need to activate my card can you do that now?
move 57 dollars from saving into mom
i need to know how many vacation days i have used up please
send email to daughter
please find out the share price of i. b. m. in nasdaq
can you see if i have my doors locked
any one is good to me.
I'm not okay with this fee on my statement.
how do you say dog in spanish
remove my car payment on the fifteenth from my calendar
i need to know what my health benefits cover, please
I need to know the name of that song.
i would like the volume lower
what do you do for fun in your free time
Can I get an item refunded?
play uno together
I'm concerned because my cash withdrawal is pending.
It's not letting me transfer money to my beneficiery.
do you have the time
i don't mind for any one, olly.
I want the music to be saved. Can you do it for me?
set a daily meeting for 8am
Do you have a funny joke for me?
Person name info
add a lunch with mike
turn socket off
wouldn't know, olly.
it's definitely a maybe for that
i need a direct deposit
yeah your understanding is exact.
uhh no, you have done task all wrong.
Add Bob to my list of contacts.
If I can't choose my card type will I be able to use it everywhere?
Where can I find Mastercard ATMs?
What is the date of next Saturday?
i did not quite hear you, can you say it again
if it is six am here what time is it in tokyo
when is the yearly cultural event coming up
Can third party fees affect a transfer?
take that off there
i have already given mark his gift today please remove him on my christmas gift list
i need a van that seats 8 or more for new york city, august 12th, 13th, and 14th
How many transactions can be made with a disposable card?
Is a copy of the police report necessary for completing the report process?
display address of john
how long does it take to get a table at chili's
How do I deglaze a pan?
Send hi in watsapp to vikki
i need the lights in here to be turned up to seven
What is the time in Beijing
say it once again please.
can you set the alarm for one hundred and thirty
latest instagram posts
explain me further on your response please.
i wanna know my credit score
i meant this.
i would love a less bright up room
Can I plan basketball match in the evening
What do I need to do to get my new card which I have requested 2 weeks ago?
cancel my birthday party
What is the charge for exchanging currencies?
Why would I be charged more than once for the same transaction?
could you tell me what the weather is in austin
book a reservation for 2 at olive garden under the name jim
Show me any emails received in the last hour
Play '70s music now
stock please
what is the apr on my amex card, please
could you help me out with a new renters' insurance plan
What is the procedure of unblocking my PIN?
I don't have a virtual card - how do I get one?
What events are going on next week?
Call PF Chang's to order me Egg Foo Young.
Play my Gym playlist
Can you please explain why my beneficiary is not allowed?
inform me of the calorie content of vanilla ice cream
I would like to reactivate my card.
my daughter needs a card, how do i add her?
i need to play the song that goes like hey jude don't make it bad
Can I set up to my account to automatically top up?
tell me nutritional info for burger
how many days off did i use so far
Play for me the game Cricket
The currency exchange for my purchase in foreign currency is incorrect.
what's the result of a 10-sided dice roll
Can you help me transfer funds from another bank account to this account?
Help me find transportation to the Mall of America.
What will be the size of a small panda
What is the GDP of USA?
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
do you know the song on the speaker right now
The cash I tried to draw from the ATM was not approved.
say a joke
How do I perform identity checks?
where is my current location
might
Will it automatically top-up if there isn't much money left?
Remind me of my dentist appointment in two hours
mute the audio
What is scheduled on my calendar today?
what is my card's apr and is it good
I requested a refund from a merchant a while ago, and upon repeatedly checking my statement, the merchant has yet to refund me my money.  I don't know what's going on, or why the money is getting into my account--could you please help?
After I transferred money the balance remained the same.
what is the name of this song playing right now
What does
how is my order
what's the current exchange rate for the euro against u. s. d.
it's nice one, thank you so much.
Can I use a check to top up?
Tell about my new emails
turn up the lights
how come i was declined
delete the following list
turn <unk> on
Tell me why my card payment would be reverted.
what's the chance of rain on friday
can you just start calling me sir
Please explain why my card was declined?
what is my spending limit on my mastercard
is bills pager number in my contacts
what is telekenesis
What is new in politics today? Can you filter out Trump news though?
Read me my current grocery list.
Will the fast food shop at the corner open today?
Play something by Norah Jones
olly shut down.
How do I add a card on to the app?
There is a fee from a transfer that is not supposed to be here!
i don't need the shopping list delete it
i don't like this song, can skip it
please share today's date
Cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at 8 am.
what to do if luggage lost
Can you tell me when my appointment is supposed to occur?
Write an email for john@gmail.com
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and inr
i think all my bills are paid, but can you double check
I don't see a code anywhere on my top-up card? Where can I find it? I need to verify!
listen carefully that is not correct.
How do I enable auto-top up?
My card keeps getting declined when I try to use it.  I would like to top-up, but it is not going though.
I have an odd payment in my statement
can you check the detail.
thanks for the response.
it would be nice if you post status for me
inform bill and craig of my location
How can I change my PIN even though I'm out of the country in Austria at the moment?
I requested money from the ATM and it didn't give me as much as I requested.
Why did my top-up not work?
please tell me your hobbies
was this song in the top twenty
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
play golf
turn on wemo
Give me an update on the election in one hour.
what shots do i need if i'm travelling to odessa
when do i need my oil changed
hey sound is low can you tune it up
Turn on the radio please.
book a train ticket to arrive in cambridge by eight thirty pm today
play songs by barenaked ladies
what time are my alarms
Olly I went shopping today and bought a massive dildo.
Take me to Layfayette St and Canal.
is swat a good movie
is there a meaning in life
you understood my instructions right.
how do i report the card as lost
Lower the speak volume
wemo plug socket turn on
more light please
did my chase card application go through yet
can i see money source?
i have no earthly idea at all
Facebook Launches 'Disputed' Tag To Crack Down On Fake News
find the joke about the orange and the banana
is there any special in politic
celebrities
will you cancel it.
you rock,.
Erase @ from list
which teams are playing this weekend
bedroom light off
What are the steps for the identity checks?
tell me about my upcoming week
can you help me spell facetiousness
what the singer meant by the title of the song bohemian rhapsody
pay my utility bill from my bank account
what is the timeframe for getting my tires changed
tell me the list about
Give me red lights.
What's the weather for this week?
Add new contact and send email
I don't recognize a debit payment that was made and would like to find out about the payment.
thanks for the helping, olly.
how many gallons is 50 liters
i'd like a train ticket to this location
which day this week do i have plans
What is the process of card activation?
I wasn't able to do a transfer to an account
i am curious about whether you have pets
How many Fridays are there in May?
did apple stocks go up or down
why do I have a pending payment?
My cash deposit hasn't posted to my account.
What's happening in France today?
what can you tell me about miami weather
Can I use google play as my primary app to Top up?
i need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone
I'm having difficulty verifying my identity.
Is there a way to transfer funds directly from my card?
Switch up the color of the lights in the house.
After my card expires what should I do?
any lighting news emails
How do I update the PIN on my account?
Hi, My card is getting declined during top-up. As it urgent, could you please resolve this issue, or guide me with other alternatives if any.
Where do I go if I want to link my new card?
Listen what have happened to me today
I am seeing an extra fee on my statement what is that for?
What are the steps that I need to take to activate a new card?
am i allowed to increase my credit limit to $1000
start vacuuming now please
Can third party fees affect a transfer?
Show me best in class theatre
After this, play me Rebel Yell.
My identity verification didn't work
How long does it take for transfers to finish?  I sent funds to my pal, and she says that she has not gotten anything.
convert eastern time to western time
please schedule an appointment for my oil to get changed
i need you to use your whisper voice
i want you just stop it.
tell me about the meetings over a period of time
How do I verify my identity online
How do I exchange currency?
that's good one, thank you very much.
Which teams are playing this weekend?
that is unimportant to me.
dim the lights in the living room
Book train ticket for this time
can you turn on the tv
hi,please send mail to sam by evening
where are you from oroginally
My card will expire soon, do I need to order a new one?
Why was my ATM withdrawal cancelled?
Can you track my card for me?
let me know about the status of my credit card application
crack a joke
I tried to purchase airline tickets online this morning and my card information isn't working. Is there something going on with my account?
read back my day for march 4th 2019
what is charles's email
My card has not arrived yet, where is it?
What are the train times at Millenium Station departing toward Indiana today
what are some of sweden's best sights
My card payment didn't work, can you help?
how long to washington dc on a bus
The exchange rate was incorrect for this item I bought.
whats the timezone for san fransico
I want to know the result of 20: 2
how long can i store eggs in the fridge
Is there a charge for a foreign currency exchange?
What would II do if I wanted to activate my new card
lower your volume please
Tell me the population of USA
i want to hear a funny joke
I have been charged with a fee for paying with my card.
this is unimportant with me.
need the tv on please
i'd like you to talk faster
From what countries can I use this product?
is there any post from my friend Mike in facebook
how much is my electric bill for
what playlists do you have for pop music
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE SONG FROM THE ARTIST MADONNA.
What's the most popular curry place in town?
text christy and ask her what she wants for dinner
which health plan do i have, again
Play real racing 3 game
i need to hear sound on my speakers
when is my takeaway going to get here
Set the alarm off
it's helpful, thank you very much.
i'd like to hear the last utterance spoken again.
Why is my transfer stuck on pending?
what's happening on social media right now
The exchange rate for my cash withdrawal was incorrect
speak french
shit, you gave me not right information.
olly talk to you later on.
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
I cannot make a transfer to another account.
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
set an alarm for me for tomorrow at seven pm
PDA, Should I take a rain coat for later?
A wrong amount of cash we sent to me.
how many cups make a gallon
is a peso worth more than a dollar
how do i subtract four from two
let me know of the meeting on tuesday
what amount of days off have i already utilized
Why am I being charged fees on some transactions but not on others? What am I missing here? I cannot find where to see the fee structure on my account. Help!
Where can I do a cash withdrawal?
Someone might be using my card that is not me.
Won't let me top my card up!! Who can get it sorted out for me? It's urgent! How do I find out what the problem is with my card and how else to top it up?
does my mastercard charge international transaction fees
can you turn my lights down just a bit
what is the total amount i spent last week
how many miles will it take to get to my destination
The exchange rate I was charged for a purchase was not right.
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get my money back. Please it's urgent.
the song makes me remember certain memories
i am sorry but that is not the correct command.
Turn on some music!
Tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
How do I deposit cash?
can you tell me what the wait is like right now at cracker barrel
domino's has takeaway right
I lost my card
i think this transaction is bogus
how do i make that scottish dish with all the blood and sausage
how do i get a personal w2 form
not that
how many euros for one u. s. d.
who's that song by
can you use the male british accent
How long do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
has my vacation time at work been allowed
what have i spent on food this month
can i substitute lemon juice for lime juice
how long til my new card arrives by mail
book me a taxi from XXX to XXX destination
whats the procedure to cancel it
What will the weather be tomorrow?
Will I need to wear a jacket next Wednesday?
define love without invoking the term love
Is there a way to revert a transaction?
i need you to say that last information again but much louder
what's the non-city mpg for this car
when can i commute my tires next
hurrily activates my robot vacuum cleaner.
start up bejeweled
Should I be seeing a fee applied for my money transfer?
Is there a discount for frequently exchanging currencies?
please turn off kitchen light
siri what is dollars in yen
i need to change your voice settings
can you tell me your age
can i use my mastercard to add money to my account
remove my bedtime alarm
find me the number for jet blue's customer service so i can yell at someone about my missing luggage
Can you change the volume at 90db.
i need to change language to spanish
what's the minimum due for my electric bill
Make the house lights amber at 6PM
what time does the train arrive in sacremento
lets start Candy Crush over from the beginning
can you tell me what my interest rate from first federal is
spell water
start a takeaway order for me
I think my statement has a fraudulent charge
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
do not understand what you just said.
is the road a free way or a toll road
give me the date that i last got my car checked
a bowl of cheerios with milk has how many calories
please check last thing i said.
Start the radio now
I'm not happy with service and would like to delete this account.
i want you cancel.
I bought something and now I want a refund.
will you rephrase this again to me please.
what is my recent email activity
can you swap to male voice
let me know the exchange rate between dollars and rubles
add schedule appraiser to my to do list
what's the nutritional info for chicken breast
i am sorry but you have messed up with the command.
skip to next
My sister just had her baby.
what is the apr on my chase freedom card
please would you speak one more again.
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
what type of pet do you have
My payment has been declined, I thought this issue was fixed!
Tell me what happened today from 8am to 9am.
give me a list of international transaction fees for my amex
remove set alarm
not so loud
Is there a way to tell where the money came from?
can you tell me this vehicles gas type
do you have any domestic animals
Whats wrong with my currency exchange?
can you tell me the reminders i have set up
Olly, do I need to wear boots?
which song are we listening to
olly please could you cancel.
please help me find my phone
turn off smart lamp in den
i can't see anything
that's cool, musch appreciated, olly.
Tweet rude salesperson
What's the right way to activate my card?
read list for me please
I could not get the top-up to go through
my bank needs to know that i will be traveling to spain soon
I am missing my refund.
Why are the things I bought earlier today still showing as pending?
Why hasn't my card payment cleared yet?
Tell me the name of my lists
remind me to wash the dog, put on list of things to do
Book for me a train ticket to California
i need a 10 minute timer
Is there a fee for adding funds with a credit card?
bedroom lights off now
show alarms
i want to know what my routing number is
I needed to make a payment on my account, but I typed in the incorrect number.  The app won't allow me to cancel this transaction.  I need it cancelled ASAP!!
how's are the roads looking right now
would not mind.
What is the best way to get my virtual card?
open songs by prince
What's on the radio right now?
i want you to know it's a true statement
i want to set up direct deposit for my paycheck, what do i need to do
do you work for anyone else
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount, the app shows the amount that I've been actually charged though...
Why was I charged for withdrawing cash?
Start a cup of coffee for me.
figure out what percentage thirty is of one hundred and sixty three
is is possible to order more checkbooks for account ending in sequence 939392
stop, this is not right answer.
skip to the next podcast
to Chris, write following content
is my oil change coming up soon
I would like you to start up youtube
will you please read the things on my shopping list
it was cool, thank you, olly.
make sur eyou tell the bank that i will be traveling internationally soon
Will I need to wear a coat today?
change the music mode to rock
the creator of your ai, what is their name
My passcode doesn't work
seems like the answer was not correct.
could you please shut down.
siri what is the definition of ziggurat
please check this companies stock
what is the sum of 3 plus 5
can i change this light to orange
please change to the female voice
how safe is it to travel to guatemala right now and are there any alerts
I was made to pay an additional pound!
i want to see all set alarms
when was my most recent oil change
Is there a fee to top up a US card using a debit or credit card?
Can I exchange currency for different types?
play a game of chess with me
How would I top up with a cheque?
Can I top up from my Apple Watch?
The exchange rate given to me after a purchase, was incorrect
i am sorry but that's not the right response.
Increase the volume to seventy percent.
What is on the agenda for the 4PM meeting with Joe?
how soon before my catering bill is due
Add shopping to my calendar for tomorrow.
Please, turn off the lights
i am requesting pto for march 2 and 3
tell me what reminders I have for today
turn on the fan socket
check my social networks
turn the volume off
i need to know when was the last time i had my car checked out for a tune up
Spotify curreny song
i want to know how is my credit card application going
Have I received any emails from dave about the new client?
what can you be asked about
do you serve for home delivery
did you get the question correctly?
i need for you to change your accent to the male british one
is there a travel alert for spain
what would you be able to do with me
How can I verify my identity?
My favorite music is rock from the early two thousands.
Notify me when I have a meeting.
What is the process for activating my card?
tell me the current account balance
What is the animal with a duck bill and a beavers tail?
could you speak once more please.
directions to sainsburys
Can I set up an automatic top-up for travel.
Why was I declined when I tried to get my money?
What is the highest mountain in the world?
I forgot my code
DO I have to be 18 to open an account?
Can you send me a new card and block my current one. I'm in Spain and my wallet was stolen.
Switch to night light setting.
if it is four pm in missouri what time is it in london
add grocery shopping to today's to do list
Have you added a meeting with Tom tomorrow at 9 pm?
what is the air pressure in my tires
I would like help to revert a transaction I did this morning
May 2 is Mary's birthday
get command right.
Will I be able to get both a visa and a mastercard?
Hello! I recently made a purchase and I'm needing to cancel my order and process a refund as soon as possible.
I need a disposable virtual card.
terminate my account please
I need to cancel a transaction immediately.
Why is there a charged fee for debit or credit card payment?
i do not really care, olly.
you are awesome,.
Too many times I entered the incorrect PIN.  How can I get my account unblocked?
What events do I have for this coming week?
what is the price of apple stock today
can you please buy me a train ticket
show me the recipe for cookies
where is mt everest located
turn on the fan socket
Where is the money I put in the bank?
currency converter please
I used my card to top-up but the money is gone!
i want you reset to factory settings
play a game of chess with me
thanks but i think you do not understand this right.
please shut off.
If I were to do a transfer, what is the rate for that?
s2, i didn't catch that.
play sword art opening
What are the disposable virtual card limits?
Ok Google, can you start Ryan Seacrest
show me events in sacramento
My physical card is not working
play me the new podcast from npr
book a delta flight to arizona from pittsburgh
give me the stock price of intel
Hey what's a book?
I really want a physical card. How do I get one?
Show me the best podcast of folk songs having good rating and play it.
Send an email to the newest address added to the address book.
which insurance plan do i currently have
place order of one pizza
Listen to my favorites.
Ok Google, what happened to Katy Perry?
today how many alarms do i have set
Get latest news report on kidnapping in NY
how to make chicken tikka
What age do you have to be?
so what sort of hobbies are you into
tell me about the reviews for chilis
I want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list?
Can I request a physical card?
how is president's trump office proceeding
turn off my wemo plug socket now
text my doctor and tell him it happened again
I just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago
What should I do if my phone is lost or stolen?
would you just like to call me paul
yeah you understood my instructions exactly.
Announce the current time
What time does the first train depart from Chicago?
Olly, what's the sum of the two numbers 4 and 6
My automatic top-up was unsuccessful
does mexico require an international visa
list shops in douglasville ga
Why do I see a fee when I do a transfer?
Read the latest news stories
return to default settings
where should i go for good thai food in las vegas
i would like to know how to make a vacation request
Hello, is there any way to double check my card? I have never had issues with withdraws in the past, but this morning on the way to work it was unexpectedly declined.
what's happening in news express
my answer to your question is yes
is it possible to get a table for 4 at the village inn around 10am
What do I need to see my source of money?
What do I need for activation of my card?
what do i have to do on march 2 that's on my calendar
delete my appointment tomorrow
Why is there a fee for doing a transfer?
please help me book a place to stay in pittsburgh from monday to friday
play previous episode
delete my dr k appointment in march
would you check what i said.
please read my reminders
what is the distance between New York and Berlin?
How do I activate my card to start using it?
find me the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
What do I do if my phone was stolen?
Can you tell me on tuesday to give Jane a call?
Tell me comics of charlie chaplin
Hey, lets just talk
why hasn't my top up gone through yet
Shut the smart socket down.
Do I work on the 24th?
Set notification before this event
Please check for new unread emails from Paul
what are the things you can help me with
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
check and confirm the instruction please.
How can I top up by card?
the next song should be played
please provide world hot news
There are transactions I didn't make, someone else must have used my card.
Respond with...
There is a cash withdrawal in my account that isn't mine.
who are the last number of people I got emails from?
Can I choose between Visa or MasterCard?
Minimize the light power
Remember I've ordered a cake for tonight's birthday party, let me know the status please
Remind me about Mike's birtdays
how do i contact charles
There was a charge made on my card from a couple weeks ago and I don't remember making the purchase. Nor do I remember the company itself. Can we trace this at all to confirm if I did it or not?
My card is still pending, I've been waiting a while.
switch to whisper please
start radio station one oh seven point five fm
whats up
please don't speak so fast
does spain expect any travel alerts
Will declined funds I tried to withdraw be returned to me?
what do you do in your free time
do i need to add money before i order a card
change mode to whisper
run radio programm
what do my health benefits consist of
I would like to know which fiat currencies are recognized by your organization.
Is this where I order a virtual card?
i want to set direct deposit
How many incorrect attempts cause card to be blocked?
what is the status quo for traffic right now
If I feel someone has my card information, can I get a new card?
I want to hear a book by Torey Hayden
I'm still awaiting for the completion of the transaction.
can you update me on my last amazon orders
i need a hotel room that can host 5 people from tomorrow to saturday in denver
Hello. I looked at my account and see that a transaction I tried to do is pending, but I did not complete that transaction. When I was at the ATM, the machine declined my card. Can you make sure that transaction does not go through because I definitely did not receive the money.
my name is brad
accident or normal traffic
i go by ted
Why am I seeing a direct debit thats not mine?
create a complaint to sonic drive-in
i need assistance figuring out how to rollover my 401k
Read me the last email from Stefan and oil change
send a replay email
What is the wait time for delivery to the US?
what will be the condition of weather next seven days
Why do some of my payments have fees?  I don't understand.
can you tell me the next scheduled event
oh no, i did not ask for that.
my shopping list contains what
Restart audiobook.
please tell me why walgreen's wouldn't take my card
If there isn't much money left over, will it top-up automatically?
Are there any documents needed for the identity check?
please tell my bank that i will be traveling abroad
activate robot cleaner in an hour
please would you check that.
Do I have any meeting tomorrow morning
How do I use contactless payments?
I requested a refund directly from the seller but I still don't have it. I just want you to send me my money back. I did what you said to do and I still don't have it.
Olly, set coffee to bre at 7:00 am
Will you handle EUR?
I think my card has been used by somebody else since I was never in the little town where some transactions on this bill have come from. Please stop this right away.
Do you know why my card payment was reverted?
How do I order another card?
bye bye!
Are you able to unblock my pin?
recommend pub in eighth and monte diablo
anything is okay to me.
when is my flight due to arrive
I need to see where my money came from.
I think my top up may have been reverted, what do I do?
please set the alarm for seven
book train ticket to new york
what should i do about losing my luggage
Prepare a cup of coffee for me.
Book an Uber to pick me up outside of Long Island Bar right now.
is there anything on my todo list for taking out the trash
is it possible to apply for a visa card
what is the la's time zone
can you find and tell me the prices of facebook stock
is my phone connectable right now
what vaccines do i need before i travel there
how can i change to new insurance plan
Olly what are good movies playing now?
explain further please.
can you tell me how to spell elephant
Olly, remove my wake up alarm.
I have exceeded the number of PIN attempts
where is the nearest restaurant here
can you try the last one spoken once again.
show my gps location to brittany
how much longer until i have a direct deposit
can i pick up my large order at pizza hut
Do you deliver the PIN separately?
please will you tell me it one more again.
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar?
Olly, today I had a record breaking sale!
i didn't get your words.
where was your home before here
Does the card you sent have a way to track to it?
I can't find any option to top up with a cheque?
I would appreciate that someone let me know when there is an extra charge for payments. I was checking the app earlier and saying a charge on one of my payments that was additional that no one made me aware of before.
how many dollars can i exchange for 100000 yen
please show me lists
show me my latest social media activity
My card payment was reverted, why?
how much have i spent on my bank card sine i last paid my bill
What is the latest update on <insert topic here>
I have duplicated transactions on my statement
I'd like to delete my account.
what are my coordinates
please show me today's date
good speaking to you
Is there any news of the newest game coming out.
I have a card payment that was declined, but why?
i want a timer for 5 minutes
what are some hot travel destinations
why do people use avocado seeds
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
is there any traffic downtown right now
My card was used without my permission, what do I do?
Is it raining in San Francisco?
If I were to do a transfer, what is the rate for that?
tell chris i will be late through email
Can you tell me what flabbergasted means?
it was wonderful.
Why has my withdrawal not posted?
can you give my whereabouts to doug and buster
what's my current health care plan
I've tried numerous times to submit a transfer of funds. Why isn't it going through?
what is my name
play classical chamber music playlist
is there enough air in my tires
what were the first number of email subjects i got today
Why was my PIN blocked?
i repeat cancel
check latest news
Remove the next event from calendar
save email id
Why did my top-up fail?
What's the youngest I can be to open an account?
how far is walmart from here
what is my most played song
How far of a drive is it from Lexington, Kentucky to Washington D.C.?
follow the following news topic
Give me the local time of London
What does the list contain
what is the exchange rate from ENglish currency to Yen
please suggest some fun tourist activities in tokyo
i need to set a reminder to go to the post office
How do I report my card as lost or stolen?
what is my wells fargo card's rewards balance
The ATM wouldn't allow me to withdraw money
shit, not correct response.
The transfer to my beneficiary has not gone through
What is this extra €1 fee about?
want a new card what are the fees
Where can I order pizza for delivery?
what's it been costing me to buy three packs a day
I just did a money transaction but its not showing they received it
make me coffee
explain me further on what you have said please.
please go ahead and flip a coin
can you subract 36 from 5
tell me my name the way its saved
Will I receive a new card when mine expires?
To deliver to the US, how long will it take?
As my kids get older are they able to get set up with their own accounts?
Hi google, play me playlist Wacky in my gaana application
I can't see my cash deposit in my account.
can you find me a recipe for sugar cookies
did anyone message me on facebook
turn down the speakers
convert 2 cups to liters
can you help me with my 401k rollover since i got a new job
can not get what you have just said.
At what age can a person open an account?
play old
i want to speak to you in swiss german
A fee shouldn't apply to me if my card was stolen.
solve this equation one plus one
set on 22nd march badminton match in merita square
Which day of week is the 24 th ?
check to see if my mom sent me any emails
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
i want you to use whisper voice now
What countries have access to this service.
tell me any animals that you have as pets
I have a payment which has not been approved.
Play my most listened songs
play my most played playlist
there's a delay in my top-up
what is the status of my order
What are the headlines on the New York Times?
are the review for mcdonald's good or bad
is there any new mail for me
Please earse the next birthday event
In whole india traffic level is very high
I'm waiting for the ID verification to go through still, so is it too soon to use my account?
is it possible to get to olympia by bus
amazing job, you've done well.
Where's the button to top up with a cheque?
help me transfer $100 from my checking to saving account
what song is this
do more light .
What are the fees for top ups?
do i need to inflate my tires
Before this event set notification
that was good one, thank you so much.
I do have a to do list for today, don't I?
What time is the evening meeting I have with John.
i would like to add you say by lauren daigle to my playlist
Hi, Could you please help me as someone has stolen my wallet few hours ago. And a withdrawal is made, please help immediately. As i don't want to suffer more.
Why won't the machine accept my card anymore?
please clear my calendar
My last name has changed and I need to update my account details.
play new rihanna song
place call to robby
What is souffle?
remove any kind of list
no, definitely not
do i have cheese on my shopping list if not please add it
How do I interconvert between AUD and GBP?
good response to command.
My card is not working.
When does a UK transfer show up?
this was a nice chat, goodbye
stop talking
how many calories are in a piece of bacon
how long will it takes to get a new credit card
My passcode was denied.
The ATM won't give back my card
How can I cancel a transfer?
What ATMs will allow me to change my PIN?
salutations!
How to create buttermilk from milk.
tell me if you can help pay a bill
What was the extra charge for withdrawing money?
I wanted $100 but only got $20
please order me some new checks
How come a fee was charged when I tranferred money
what trips are available from new york city to poughkeepsie
Can I set the account to auto top-up?
Why was my transfer stopped ?
Do transfers from Europe take longer?
how much pto do i have
have the riots in france triggered any alerts for people traveling to there
Is the PIN separately delivered?
Obama- information
what's jesse's number
that doesn't really matter.
PDA I am forever hip hop.
check the traffic to our home
I'm confused ass to why my contactless is not working.
find me a recipe of spaghetti
I need the time of day.
What is the nuclear triad?
I got married and need to change my name.
what does potato mean
olly just cancel please.
play the melody song from audiobook
I made a deposit a couple of days back it's, as of yet, not gone in! It would be ideal if you assist me with this
I just saw the exchange rate you use, but it's so bad that I can't believe that it's the official interbank exchange rate! Is this truly the official interbank exchange rate?
What does a sea lion look like?
what's up
i want new language
Am I going to be charged for receiving  money?
would you tell me once more.
I made a transfer and the receiver said they haven't actually received the right amount, but it's a bit less. Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing bit. Can you please alert me about this, what has been going on?
wouldn't mind.
Could you please check one of my transfer which i made few hours ago from my UK bank account, as its not showing yet.
how many transactions can i make with a disposable card
hey olly make me laugh with a good joke
go to contacts and enter a new email address
what timezone is britain in
can i use water instead of milk
Someone has copied my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help now.
Can someone please tell me how much I can top-up?
please suggest a chinese meal
please add an item in my calendar
run indian folk song
should i purchase a new plug converter when in france
can you talk to me in chinese
i would like to order takeaway
is it going to rain tomorrow
Can you find and tell me the prices of Facebook stock?
I tried to make a withdrawal from the ATM, but it was cancelled.
increase the volume of the left speaker by ten
i would like to hear the reminders that i listed on my things to remember list, please
what's my salary
find me my dad's email address
I would like to know why my payment is still pending, can you help?
i'd like to hear what you have said again.
where were you put together
so far how many days have i taken off
Out of the blue, my card stopped working.
nearest restaurants available at this time
what would you like to refer to me as
list current scheduled events
clear my calendar on feb 28
could you please confirm it.
There is a direct debit payment on my account that I didn't authorize.
Turn off all of my alarms
give me the low down on my income
just shut up
could you confirm details.
i need to set up a new list
what is a good lave to eat near me
How do I fix a transaction to the wrong account?
so how is everything
what movies are playing at carmike cinemas
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined, I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
yes you are
convert 20 yen to dollars
i need help making pancakes
set the alarm for five am
tell me how much my verizon and comcast bill come to together
try out in wikipedia
I think someone is using my card to make transactions I don't remember.
say that one more time again.
will you stop please.
check my twitter notification
buy a train ticket to
can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef
what is the best thing for me to do to improve my credit score quickly
How do I exchange my GBP to AUD?
try it one more time please.
must call my bank about my travel plans
what is the procedure if i lost my luggage
can you make some coffee
reviews of the restaurants
How do I use cash to top up my account?
will you roll a d20
Post a message to Facebook
When I got cash, I'm pretty sure there was a glitch that overcharged me.
start playing american gods where i last stopped
make me coffee now
I did a transfer to my account, but it hasn't shown up
I contacted the seller and he won't respond.  Please just refund me my  money.
Why are my transfers being declined? It normally works but now it's declining my card. I've tried it a few times but it's still not working.
Stop/ play
can you give me the answers in italian instead of english
i'm pretty sure this charge from sam's club is fraudulent
how many meetings do i have tomorrow
go back to default settings
Send email to husband to ask for restaurant ideas
where am i on gps
add doctor's appointment  monday at 3 to calendar
i want help adjusting my insurance policy
where is the closest sweet frog
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one day while they are processed by one of our payment processors. Then, they will depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please also double-check that you have entered the correct account details. SEPA transfers can take up to two business days, and SWIFT transfers can take up to five business days.
is cooked chicken still good after being refrigerated for two weeks
i would like to report my card damaged since i accidentally spilled gorilla glue all over it and the numbers are now obscured
Does Donald Trump have any ties to Russia?
how do i know that you're a person
what are the exchange rates for foreign currency ATMs
how do i start the robot vacuum cleaner
book me on a train leaving penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than two hundred miles away
where can i get a w2 form from
start chapter five of physics for future presidents
How do I report my card as lost or stolen?
i submitted my order is there any updates on it yet
Status of the card I ordered.
Show me the available colours of lights
I am unable to use my card for some reason.
do i have many meetings today between 2 and 4
PDA, Open Internet
Whats the news on bbc news
What do I need to do to get my salary through this?
whats my credit rating
i'd like to hear the last one said again.
How would I use a disposable card?
Where is my transfer from [country]?
I want to set up an auto top-up
Email mom about lunch
Is it possible to access my phone from the hotel/
Why won't you take my transfer, I keep getting an error message.
open uber
directions to nearest apple store
what timezone is france in
what is the most convenient hour to catch a train to york on Saturday
Would I have to pay anything if I need an additional card?
show me upcoming events in chicago
give me the current time
What are the sources for the funds in my account?
Can you show me where to link the new card?
I cannot seem to buy something online with my card? the payment comes back, what's going on?
want to have vibrant colours
It looks like I was charged twice for a single transaction
My account says I have money but I withdrew it in cash.
Please book a taxi for me
how long til my cash out goes through?
I see some fees for cash withdraw.
My card payment has been declined, why?
How do I get money from friends?
whats ten percent off forty dollars
Cortana, if it's 8 PM on the east coast, what time is it in Sacramento, California?
can you turn down the lights by twenty percent
see you
What do I do if I do not recognise a cash withdrawal?
The app failed to verify my identity.
How far is ParanΓö£├¡ River?
order me the fish risotto from the golden fork
I think my top-up was cancelled.
I made this payment days ago so why hasn't it gone through yet?
pardon, i didn't hear you
turn off the lamps
did dan send me any emails
Give me the opening stock price of Sony
I can't see my refund in my history.
is there another company you work for
sorry but it was not the correct response.
I WANT TO RAISE THE LIGHT.
Are there any tornado warnings today?
if it is a consumer good then what is the customer feedback
what is going on in politics
yeap perfect response to the command.
what alarms are set
dial the last number that called me
As my kids get older are they able to get set up with their own accounts?
When can I expect delivery?
What is a pending payment?
what are your hobbies
Play for me the game Harry Potter
you have done it right thanks, olly.
set a reminder for me
Which lists are present in the notes app?
go to email compile
when is my pay period
My account transfer was blocked.
olly cancel.
I made a cash deposit, but it hasn't shown up in my balance yet.
My recent transfer didn't go through - why not?
Are there a certain amount of transactions i can do with one disposable card?
Can I reset my password?  I don't know what it is.
should i increase my credit limitfor cardx
how many calories are in a one divided by of peanuts
please remove this event from my calendar
what is the us dollar and euro exchange rate
hey order a pizza pie with extra cheese
that is not the right answer.
tell me about my alarms
channel seventy two point five
I need to reset the passcode.
change the color of the lights
Tell me about my upcoming week
Will it rain at all this week?
The payment for the card did not go through
any free events in LA today?
i'd like to send a reply
what type of plugs are used in cambodia
what do i need to change my oil
i need you to freeze my account
How are top-ups verified?
lights off in the kitchen please
miami time zone is what
silence for certain amount of hours
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of 23 March
It is urgency. Please freeze my card now. As someone in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money by using my card. As i did not withdraw any money.
IT SHOULD SPICES
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate when I got cash.
is it possible to rollover my 401k
I need my card quickly
what company owns your code
What does this word mean?
alert my bank and let them know that i'm travelling to london
i'd like you confirm that please.
I would like to dispute a direct debit transaction
can you roll an eight sided die and tell me what it comes up as
when you have free time, what do you do
Someone withdrew money from my account, and it wasn't me.
PLEASE PLAY MY FAVORITE POP SONGS FROM MY LIST.
Can you give me the restrictions of the disposable cards?
please book a car for me in ho chi minh
what ingredients do i need for tacos
i want to report fraudulent activity on my amex card
i want to start a new list of power tools on sale at true value
what alarms are coming up
drop it from list
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
what is the shipping time for my card
Which ATMs accept this circuit board ?
Physical cards are what I need more of
can you tell me what an chaise is
has the application for my american express been processed yet
order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms from pizza hut
do you know when you were born
s1, would you further elaborate to me please.
is swat a good movie
An ATM machine didn't give me back my card.
set alarm for noon tomorrow
show me the dim colour
My ATM got stuck and I'm not sure what to do.
rise volume
have my tires got adequate amounts of air in them
I tried activating my card and it didn't work
12 feet is equal to how many inches
remove corn from my shopping list
does gramercy tavern in new york accept reservations
move forward ten minutes in this podcast
Do I get to have one of those virtual cards I've heard about?
what are the best family restaurants in charlottesville
What is the date next Wednesday?
reply email received
turn your vocals down
What is the extra fee on my statement?
I need to cancel a purchase that I made the other day.
i was at walmart trying to buy toilet paper and my card got declined
is vaccination necessary for travel to asia
uhh no, you gave me incorrect information.
change pin to 1234 on account banner
Smiley
I need all the local events for this area that are being held this weekend.
any new restaurants near the mall
How do I use the app to exchange currencies?
hey i like music by sigur ros
please shut the lights
what is the route to take to report a lost card
how come my card was declined at rosses
i would like to confirm my 7:30 pm reservation at morton's steakhouse, under michael james
would not mind to select any one.
make the lights darker
What is the significance of verifying the top-up?
do they take reservations at applebees
hello, friend
yes you have done it exactly.
what is new news for today
can you please do a simulated coin flip for me ai
Do you have an option for auto top up?
How many days does a transfer from the US take?
Send tweet to United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
current status of take out order
How do I change my last name?
can you wake the roomba for the kitchen
top up cancellation
please remove all the entries marked in the calendar
where can i go to see if my credit card application has been processed
For how long will my transfer be pending?
whatever would be good to me, olly.
what's this jam called
what are my alarms
when is sunset
Why was the exchange wrong for the item I purchased?
how long to grill thick steaks
i'm in baggage claim at the airport and my luggage didn't make it
where is my luggage
solve the calculation
olly will you shut off.
when's mark lanegan's next album out
Alert me 30 minutes before my meeting at 3pm tomorrow.
what are my meetings in the coming week
wake me up at seven am
whats on your list right now
How do you top up with a cheque?
my luggage has not arrived and i would like assistance locating it
I bought something that I need a refund for.
add item
that wasn't what i expected.
find out what my water bill costs please
Help me order a new card that's going to be expired soon.
what question did you just ask me
i need the times for the south bound train on allison rd
know any dad jokes
hello siri
turn the plug off
is is taco o'clock yet
Is identity verification required for me to use my account?
Can currencies be exchanged on this app?
traffic status please
I need coffee, Olly.
Can I use this app to change dollars into euros?
does taco house have a reservation for jean
I was charged for a cash withdrawal, why?
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I think it's blocked. What do I do?
geo info
Erase thislist
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
How do i set up auto top-up?
i'm sorry, i didn't understand what you said
yes that's wonderful.
Do I have to pay for a physical card?
What date is tomorrow
Events in my area
replay this song i really like it
I can't transfer any money from my account to my friend's account, it keeps rejecting it. Can you tell me why? I have enough funds in my account to transfer.
Does this place do takeaway ?
is cleaning the garage on my to do list
say it once again please.
delete event from mine
I cannot get my virtual card to function.
fix my language to spanish
I want to close my account
I have an unknown debit charge in my statement, why?
how come i was declined
order more checks for my first bank checking account
My card still hasn't arrived after two weeks, now what?
whats the travel time from here to dallas by train?
There are transactions I didn't make, someone else must have used my card.
call the phone number
decrease the volume to ten
what to do about stolen phone
Play Dr. Demento on my bedside radio.
Did my refund go through? It's not on my statement.
Hello, I went ahead and checked my account details to be sure, and they are definitely correct.  I've had a transfer pending for a while, and I can't understand why it hasn't gone through yet.
i'd like to know how to make changes for my insurance policy
create a list that is available
How many disposable cards can I have?
Remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
how do you make blackberry pie
i'd like to make an appointment to get my oil changed
what day is it gonna be in twenty-one days
Why does the ATM continually decline my card? I've tried multiple times on different machines with the same results. I thought I had enough funds for this, so please help me understand why this is happening.
i want to pay my water bill
add new checklist
thank you so much for listening.
could you check and confirm the details please.
divide 100 by 12
please will you clarify further.
i want the music to be saved can you do it for me
blot me the dentist appointment on Tuesday 21 March 2017
what's the typical wait time for mr joes pizza
is there an international charge for using my card in france
I Submitted a cheque couple days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.Would you please check What could be the possible issue?
speak in german
please stop for a bit
yeah wonderful.
what are all the things on my reminder list
Turn up the brightness
whats the best way to roast a chicken
which teams are playing today in the premier league
are you a person that's real
what is a cookie recipe
please read my list of reminders
i'm not sure how to set up direct deposit
Does Google Pay offer a top up option?
it's awesome, thanks.
Find Pitbull songs
what is the time in est
give me my facebook update every three hours
what is going on around here
can you help me book a bmw suv for march 2 to 6th, dallas texas
how are you named
please remove the alarm set for wednesday called kickball
Let me know when my phone is due.
send a tweet to apple that their batteries drain too fast
what kind of pets do you own
whats a good joke
Get me a taxi to take me to the airport on Friday at 5:30am.
Can I use my card to withdraw from my account?
suggest a good genre movie that came out recently
i owe you one!
play my motivational playlist
erase the lawn care appointment next month
pls turn off the lights in patio
Who should I contact if the amount of my withdrawal doesn't correspond to the amount that I tried to take out of my account?
I would like some help getting a refund back from a seller. It still isn't showing up on my statement and I requested this a long time ago. I'm not sure why it's not returned yet. Can you assist me in getting this money back?
What is the time difference between India and Ivory Coast?
Olly, what day of the week is Halloween?
put on the screen the lists i have available
las vegas timezone please
I got less cash than what I specified for through the ATM.
Can you tell me whats going on with my card it seems to be not working?
What's the best clothes store here?
i need a list of vaccinations for a trip to paris
There are some charges that I don't recognize.  It happened days ago.  Can I get these charges back?  Should I cancel my card?
would like to see the time zone
is it wednesday
Why did my payment go back to my account when I bought something?
PDA, Radio Please
Place a birthday party with Alex and Amy in my calender.
i need an uber to get to dulles airport
i want you to let me know what names you have for me
i didn't ask for it.
The app rejected my top up
order ribs for dinner
how many pesos equals 500 dollars
PDA, open lists
where is the shopping mall for shirts
Please find new from CNN
i need instructions to walk me through jump starting my car
current location please
Where has my available money come from?
Olly time Mr. Coffee for 6 am
tell me the ingredients for making tom yum
please clarify more on your answer.
what movies is kevin spacey in
what place were you actually born at
please add this song to my study playlist
What part of the world is the safest
remember to lock the doors
sorry but it's not the right answer.
Do you accept other currencies besides US Dollars?
please restart the handmaid's tale
what company owns your code
Where will I get best cooking ideas
cancel my eight am alarm
shift the balcony light to off
change the pin on my redwood credit union account to be 1234
Hey Google can you save next Monday night for my date with Carl.
please provide geographic information about X
how many american dollars are in a euro
did i get any replies from jan
Did I receive any new Email
i don't want you to speak any more for now
Hey, when is the next local from Mumbai to Pune?
Send a notice to the me and a group members reminding us of the new date for the meeting.
can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week
nix that reservation for 4 at strip house
book a train ticket with a berth seat to Lucknow for next week
tell me what this song is called
Turn off WiFi when you leave home to save power
please go to the local sports talk show on the radio
set an alarm for seven thirty am
check and confirm the detail please.
Do I have any private messages on any social media?
cats or dogs are your preference
where can user find pin?
Raise the volume of the speakers.
remove events from my list
please check the status of my mastercard application
continue with my audiobook please
Show me the current time.
replay please.
set the alarm in my calendar events before five mins
start playing my song list
give me a recipe for lasagne
are my tires requiring a fill-up
Can I use my account without verifying identity?
Can you mute my speaker.
please resume current song of masti
i want to know if i can redeem my credit card points now
I have a pending payment in my account that I paid a while back ago and it still hasnt gone through. Why would it show pending for so long?
someone stole my capital one credit card
remove cheese from my list
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
Yes or no. Tomorrows temperature is to be hot.
please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle
call an uber for me
Just let me know next weeks weather in California
Why would my top up be reverted?
Why did they take more money out then I withdrawed?
Tell me sum of five and six
i am under 18 and i am trying to verify my id. why wont it work?
when was einstein's birthday
Questionable transactions on my account.
What is this $1 charge on my statement?
play from smashing pumpkins
tell me distance between sun and moon
Please help me get a new card, I reside in the United States.
Someone else may be using my card.  There are transactions I don't recognize.
exchange rate of yan with dollar
send a reply to mike with the answer four hundred and thirty from his email he sent this morning
what are my available lists
What events are happening in Seattle this weekend?
is the restaurant having delivery facility
Olly, does Panda Garden deliver?
whereabouts are you from
what does the word polynomial mean
alarm status
what's worth watching
when is my flight expected to arrive
do heads or tails
I'd prefer Mastercard.
I was charged an extra pound for no reason. Why is that?
am i going to bring umbrella later?
what is my state bank of india card credit limit
schedule my meeting with jim at 3pm
Tell me if in this world there are person who have face very similar to mine?
delete my golf tournament event from tomrrow
Today is my husbands birthday.
will you explain me about the last sentence further please.
does that restaurant allow take out orders
I dont have a pin
how have you been doing
i would appreciate it if you put a stop on my bank account
tell me the title of this song
why isn't my top-up going through?
how do i report a stolen card
when was the last call i received from jordan
if i want to go to x, do i need a travel visa
add oil change to my to do list
is there a good fish place in salem
olly i would like you stop.
i would like you to share with me the nutrition info for chicken nuggets
am i talking with a real person
My PIN tries have run out. Now what?
yes that's it
please mute the television for one hour
looking back on my transactions from a couple of months ago I have noticed a charge that is fairly large that I'm certain was not completed by me. I know it has been a while but can I please dispute this charge?
I need to do a card activation.
it was nice one, thank you.
good food
i want to send a text
thanks but i think you are wrong.
what's the status of my united flight
continue playing my book of vitamins
Tell me an interesting fact about (insert)?
can you do me a favor my eyes are feeling strained on these lights can you please change it to a cooler tone
I sent a cheque to you a few days ago and the deposit has yet to appear in my account. I need this money, what is the problem?
please go back to the original settings
How do I discontinue my account?
best ticket price air plane to chester on the twenty first
can you check why I wasn't able to top up?
I am trying to complete a transfer but I keep getting an error message.
what is the name of the singer?
An extra fee of €1 was in my statement
you did good job, thanks.
Let's play Checkers.
Am I allowed to carry an additional card?
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in benton ar
system pull any traffic news for my commute
Am I able to order a disposable virtual card?
what is my schedule for tomorrow morning
hey olly have you heard any funny jokes lately
you did awesome work, thank you very much.
i need you to go into whisper mode
twenty ninth march comes on what day
what can you be asked about
check email for new messages
please go back to the settings of the original
do you know how to answer this math question
I entered my pin wrong  too many times.
may i apply for a new credit card
have pho send three egg rolls
give my boyfriend my gps coordinates
you have done a wrong thing.
Will be Apple Watch be able to let me top up?
turn my plug on
speak once more.
turn my audio higher
Why would my beneficiary not be allowed?
yeap good response to the command.
Olly, how tall is kanye west?
time time is the holiday party at the office
best ticket price air plane to chester on the twenty first
find the square root of 1243435
Please create a new tweet
what movies are being shown at the regal cinema
PLease shut off
Book train best deal
broadcast the health show from the kitchen
show my transactions
I bought something and already paid for it but now I don't see it.
i would like to set up a direct deposit, please tell me how
why isnt my account allowing transfers
Can I have a supplementary card?
Change the colour to red
you are my star, thank you so much.
When should I receive my virtual card?
find me news about trumps speech
i don't really mind to select any one.
Fees for currency exchange
is it currently raining?
How would I go about getting a physical card to use in stores?
Tap the System tab. Tap Clock, and then select the Alarms tab. Tap and select the day you want the alarm to sound. Double tap the time displayed on the extreme left to set a time for the alarm,
what is the train schedule to denver
Since my card is about to expire, I need a new one.
I believe my credit card was stolen.
remind me about this tomorrow
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
what's a good chili recipe
do you know if i can use pepper and not salt
tell me when will indians economy touch that of americas
What time is my appointment tomorrow?
i'll be going to my office.
can you spell hamburger
make me laugh with a funny joke
I have a canceled top-up and wanted to know about it.
I want to listen to the radio
list emails for last hour
Do you have EUR currency available for me?
what's next when it seems there's a dead car battery
change song
just cancel please.
I've use my accounts all the time to manage my payments for my place abroad that I just got. I now see that I suddenly have new fees.I'm a frequent customer, so why are you charging me new fees instead of rewarding me?
what's the best way to build credit
Let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please.
i need some good suggestions for peruvian cuisine
I didn't receive the amount of cash I requested for the ATM.
What time does the downtown parade start?
how do you set up direct deposit
Am I able to do top-ups with Google Pay?
ai, please roll the dice
Where is the radio head concert?
order pizza
Why did I get charged a fee for my transfer?
how many kilos are in 100 pounds
what's new on facebook
download the latest folk songs having rating of four star or above and play all without shuffle
add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
tell me everything about Albert Einstein
How do you define it.
send my location to ben and jerry
Is there a local ATM that will provide British pounds, I have no money for my homeward journey and do not feel comfortable waiting until  I arrive in Britain. Will a withdrawal involve extra charges?
Can I have a third card?
give my my current points on my marriot rewards card
how many cups in a quart
Will you play Superman after this song is over?
Latest news from the area.
turn off my wifi
please speak up
How many ATMs will take this card?
Why do I see a fee when I do a transfer?
I have a top up card. Where is the verification code?
i think you did that incorrectly.
call golden taxi to pick me up at seven pm today
My payments from my virtual card keep getting rejected.
Who is currently the oldest living person in the world?
where is the statue of liberty located
i would like to know the time
that's excellent, thank you.
whats the definition of poor
is there an uber going to downtown
use the whisper voice
i would like to continue my audiobook
where would century bank have their routing number listed
find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
michael jackson family background
can you tell me whats on my shopping list
which way do we go and how long will it take to get to the sears tower in chicago
How do I update my current residence details?
can not get last sentence.
I wanna revert a transaction i did this morning.
delete from the calendar the next event
you're right
Where is the biggest mountain
i gotta know my car;s tire pressure
Please, clean my calendar
book me a taxi for one pm
what did i put down already on the walmart list
Why did I get a fee for getting cash?
What factors determine your exchange rate?
would you check my last question please.
correct, that's true
buy a flight from phoenix to el paso on august 30 that returns on labor day
multiply one thousand by twelve
open the list
I can't upload my identification.
please order an iphone7 for me
what is the right way to spell superficial
Will you charge for a physical card?
what's the traffic like on the way to walmart
did you get what said correctly?
start angry bird
how do i fix a dead car battery
I need to change details about my personal account.
what kind of hobbies are you interested in
What's the most disposable cards I can have?
Which list has this on it?
please play next episode of podcast
hows my credit score
travel book a train ticket
Which cards are accepted for topping up?
give me the shopping list
Will you charge for a physical card?
What are the places that you deliver cards to?
can i see my facebook feed
Card payment is still pending, why is that the case?
s2, i couldn't catch that.
please erase everything on my to do list
i want to know the bofa routing number
What is the status of my food order
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer which was within this country. It still hasn't gone through. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked and double checked.
All I ever want to hear is rap.
Send wedding invites to all wedding party.
remind me to take out the trash
Has @realDonaldTrump posted anything new on Twitter?
will you speak one more time again.
I can't figure out why I haven't gotten my cash, when I already put the check in the bank.
my capital one visa was taken without permission
Is there something that I can do since my phone was stolen yesterday?
My transfer failed to a beneficiary
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
My bank transfer is still not showing up in my account.
How do I withdraw money?
s1, again explain to me please.
please respond in english
What day o the week is 21st
can you tell me the most interesting fact about resistors
play greenday
can you add cups to my grocery list
are there any shots i should get before going to south africa
Why was there a fee for my transfer?
please pay my utility bill from my wells fargo checking account
really i don't mind.
turn off the nearest light to me
tell me if the olive garden allows takeaway
Why did you charge me for taking out cash?
Remember that this song is depressing for me. Please don't play it during the winter days.
Please set the alarm for
Why have you declined my card payment?
let me know how many disposable cards I can have?
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
you are my hero, musch appreciated.
can you tell me the tire pressure in my car
that is of no importance, olly.
Will it cost more money if my currency needs to be exchanged?
olly switch to red colored lights
do i need an international visa to go to malaysia
I got charged a fee that shouldn't be there from my cash
publish an article in pinterest
will you just cancel please.
I used the ATM to get money out and did not realize I would be charged as much as I was or I would not have done that!
what are the reviews like for khin khao
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
Hi,  Is there any problem with app? As i am facing some issues with the exchange of crypto currency. I am extremely interested in buying.
take birthday party off of calendar for May
My refund is still pending
Why can't I see a recent refund in my statement?
when does iphone stock usually drop
How long does it take to verify a person's identity?
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
Please find the recipe for meatballs
set an alarm to start work and another to stop
quit what you are doing
play songs by Sia
will you dim all the lights
forward the mail to new email address
Do I need to do anything? My phone was stolen yesterday.
I have a sales meeting this Thursday at 7:00 AM please notify me and add to calander.
when was the last call i received from jordan
What is the low tonight in Round Rock, TX?
I would like to verify my source of funds.
Why isn't my card working anymore?
should i cook this for a long time
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar?
Where do people shop for clothes here?
Order chinese for delivery.
make the volume lower
set a neighbor party for next week
let me know when my next day off is
Why is a transaction still pending?
what new messages do i have
i'd like to know what my credit rating is
I'm not sure what to do about the PIN, because I don't have one yet.
how's the traffic looking if i headed to fred meyer
tell interesting news
How old can one use your service?
what is the minimum i can pay for my phone bill
do coffee
Do I have a choice for a Mastercard?
Make sure I have nothing to do on Friday.
tell funny things
Need an alarm set for Sunday at 5 in the morning
is it okay if i change your name to mud
send bill a text for me and tell him i will be 30 minutes late
How do I change my address ?
I tried to pull cash from an ATM but it wouldn't let me.
set a reminder to go check the mail
how many bones does a human body have
shit, you've done that wrong.
prepare coffee now
blanket definition
show me what day the thirty first is on
i need coffee
what temperature should a baked chicken be
What was the name of my last email
Filter all arijit singh sad song and save or create playlist of sad songs of arijit singh
how the cold today
remove the bank transaction list
search for information on internet
I entered a wrong PIN too many times. How can I fix this?
doesn't matter with me.
I tried using a check to update my balance, but it isn't work? Is something wrong?
Where do you deliver cards by mail?
olly can you please shut down.
Do you charge extra for topping up with a debit or credit card?
can you help me find the routing number
would you let me know who programmed you
tweet @a complaint:
on what day is my meeting with dr lee
complain to amazon customer service for me
how could we convert centimeters to inches
tell what is showing on my calendar for the 17th of march
I have a payment listed as cancelled.
when can i expect to receive the order
where is the nearest smoke shop
How long until transfers from Europe go through?
what's the meaning of this life
olly will you shut off.
where am i right now, location wise
could you book me a hotel in afghanistan at the zoo for the 10th to the 15th
My credit card transaction was declined for a loan payment.  Can you tell me why?
At which ATMs can I use this card?
what were the things i want to recall
describe a rotor
do you know about this lyrics
Please remove this event from my calender
im going to call you xander
give me your best joke
what high school did halley barry go to
what day is today
can you tell me my current location
help me figure out how to change my oil
Tell me what the word organism means
is there a meeting room available between one and two
i wanna know how long can i keep pizza in the freezer for before it goes bad
how are you doing
Bingo
the song touches my heart
The transfer finally worked, but how long does it stay pending?
oh it's nice one.
shh please speak with a whisper
why does my statement contain an extra fee?
off lights
i need a taxi at eight tomorrow morning to take me to work
Please play Candle in the Wind.
please tell me what is the time in tokyo japan.?
I'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please.
set my alarm for tuesday at six pm
apply for an american express card
did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar
i would like to hear your phrase again.
Can i have the item refunded?
why did the calendar say that i have a 3pm meeting, check that out for me
Are contactless payments enabled on my new card?
please activate my vacuum to clean the living room
dubai marriage
how do i use my vacation days
yes agree.
get rid of my to do list
i need to know all of the emails from contact pertaining to subject
Why isn't the transfer on my account showing up?
Play all the latest pop songs
create a new list for school supplies
find the nutrition info for ketchup for me
get me up in half an hour
donald trump
what is the answer to life
please give me details of allen from my contact
please let me know how much my bills for comcast and sprint total
Review set alarms.
from which movie is the song
has pound value decreased
remove my eight pm alarm and set it to seven pm
What music genre do I listen to the most?
how many of my paid days off have i used
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
s1, would you please explain your response again to me.
define the moon for me
whats is the weather in Hyderbad
is there anything on my todo list for taking out the trash
have you responded my phone calls
I got cash abroad and need to check the exchange rate
Open the calendar and create a new event
The exchange rate is incorrect on an item I recently purchased in a foreign country.
Could you please tell me what the current time is?
could you check that please.
can you explain to me why my bank account might be frozen
what is level of traffic at washington
how many meters are in 50 feet
search for the nearest expressway to the airport
open inbox
meeting with Love the next day
any idea what my credit score is
what date is my at&t bill due
whats the definition of indignation
inform my bank i'm seeing italy
Why would there be an extra charge on my app?
Have I got any alarms set?
how long does it take to get to the park in detroit
I don't see a code anywhere on my top-up card? Where can I find it? I need to verify!
Add a new event for tomorrow at 5pm - Meet Sarah at the gym
The app reverted my top off.
tweet consumer service
What countries do you do business in?
Olly turn on Reply All podcast
i want the light switched off can you do it for me
Send email to new contact
I do not remember the code, what should I do?
what is my upcoming calendar event
can you cancel that request, please
In the past  2 hours have I gotten any new emails
Up coming events
Latest technologies/gadgets
Is WIllie Nelson still alive?
what is today's climate here
I don't understand why I was charged an additional fee for this service. Can you clarify?
Can I use google pay for topping -up
can i please know the credit limit for my citibank card
AM or PM
There is a payment that is not mine in the App.
i'd like to increase my credit limit up to four thousand
where is this money from
do not speak today
is there a location i can schedule to check out my tires
play run
great response to command.
I used foreign currency to buy something and I think the rate applied is incorrect.
I made a transfer and it doesnt' show up in my account.
I have duplicate charges for the same transaction
what's going on tonight in sacramento
is fish and chips really British?
exchange rate to go from dollar to yen
what is the total of 500 and 23
why isn't my top-up going through?
I want to reset my passcode, how can I do that?
2 cups of grapes have how many calories
Is there a way to recover my password?
Can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at x time every week day?
will it be warm
my luggage was on delta flight abc123 out of houston and now i can’t find it
Send email to Gary
get me instruction to change oil
open book
how do you make cookies
how long does it take to get a replacement card
Why is my physical card not working?
What is the current time in Lagos, Nigeria.
find me info on cars
Tell me how to reset the passcode.
How do I locate my card?
Why would my topup not go through?
calculate two plus 29
can you tell me some strategies for raising my credit score
What is the weight of an elephant?
how much farther is orlando from my location
How do you do currency exchanges?
schedule a time to get my oil changed
check and confirm last thing said please.
I accidentally chose to exchange GBP, but I need to pick AUD. How can I change it?
Why did I get charged twice for the same thing
Please put my birthday party on the calendar.
play program on xmtune please
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working in my country?
tell me about the stock for shell
check celebrity wiki
Sandle
What is the extra  €1 fee in my statement
How to cook spaghetti squash
is my pin the same as my passcode
is it possible to increase my credit limit to 1000 dollars
what time is it in new york
have the vacuum cleaner clean the room
PDA, tell me about the solar powered garden stakes
i want to read yahoo news
get me a ticket to boston
you showed me the wrong results.
what is the latest on donald trump
current forex rates
How do I top up by cheque?
Please send an email to Uncle John telling him that I will be there.
add to my task list get carpet cleaned
i will now call you adam instead of your old name
take note of today as my first date with bob
How come I'm not allowed to transfer funds right now? I just keep getting an error message.
i want the light in the kitchen powered off
There's a cash withdrawal I didn't make
stock price fb
get local events
Help me close my account.
how long before my updated cc takes to arrive
Why is my 'top up' not showing up in my wallet?
I asked for 100 but only got 20.
Weather in Homestead
Can you unblock my blocked pin?
can you tell me how good my card's apr is
Put Summer Lovin' in 3rd position in my queue.
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
recommend an event happening in my area
pause the audiobook
Can I tell what business will take this card?
I have a meeting by 2 pm today, please remind me.
new scenario time or calendar to new list
what's the date tomorrow
I tryed to make a top-up with cryptocurrency but the payment was referted.
THIS BRINGS SOME PROBLES TO US
What is preventing me from adding a specific beneficiary?
how do i spell acquaintance
play the radio music band
turn wemo plug socket off
how much paid time off have i used
please rephrase me on it further.
is it okay to switch water for milk
what is the longest i can leave meatballs in sauce in the freezer before it is no longer safe to eat
Would you provide me with the answer to this question
when is stassi schroedder's birthday
nope, you are incorrect.
I no longer have my passcode.
what are some tips to build my credit score
Why did the app deny my top-up?
stock
If my card payment is cancelled, what should I do?
exactly what does altruism mean
Tell me your opinion on the exchange rate.
don't really mind, olly.
What are the reasons for a declined transfer?
I know I have enough funds in my account but my card payment hasn't worked for some reason. What do I do?
Raise the volume of the current music
oops, that's not the right response.
could you be a real person
ah that is great one.
My card isn't here yet.
My card got blocked, how do I reset?
Is there a limit on auto top-up?
I tried activating my plug-in and it didn't piece of work
i need a six am wakeup call
Ask for the weather today evening
It is common for an international transfer to take 2 days or longer? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago and I have not seen it yet.
create a new list
I need to create several disposable cards per day.
I made a transfer and the receiver did not get the right amount its lesser than what it should be,Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done
i would not really mind, olly.
Hi, I am on vacation in Spain and someone stole my bag with my phone and wallet with cards and everything. Can you block it ASAP and then I want to order a new one also ASAP.
could you tell me once again please.
set a 5 minute timer
My payment was terminated
My top up is incomplete.
If I make a top-up are there charges applied?
turn off one light in my bedroom
how much gas do i need to get to buffalo
what is the time in milwaukee
about something,tell me some trivia
Is there a limit to how many transactions I can make on one disposable card?
Could you change the volume
tell me how many vacation days i've used
can you say it once again please.
what is the answer to two times three
i need you to schedule an uber pickup for me and three other people at 7pm to go to abe's pizza
i don't know why my check engine light is on, i need a mechanic
Tell me about new emails.
can you change the lights to white
when did i last make a purchase
I have a duplicate charge
tell me that one more time please.
can you change the name of what you respond to
The expiration date on my card is coming up
I was charged multiple times for one purchase
check what said.
what is three hundred and four plus one
can you tell me how to transfer my 401k
I relocated and need to change my personal details.
thats not it please do it again.
are french fries health or not
make a quarterly payment on my life insurance premium
take off my alarms
would it be a problem to sub chips instead of fries
can you please book train tickets for two for this friday
check if i have set any alarm for morning
I have been waiting longer than expected for my bank card, could you provide information on when it will arrive?
where are my takeaway order
How long do deposits take to appear? I've been waiting for more than a week and need the money!
When will my new card arrive?
Did you lose my money? I had added funds through top-up not long ago and I know they were in my account, but they seem to have disappeared. What happened?
How can I find out where the funds are flow?
Play the next episode
could you tell me what my checking account balance is
notify me when the event is going to take place
what's the answer to it all
May I exchange currencies with this?
ios
book a train ticket to city leeds
delete the alarm i just set
Can i have a virtual card?
can you add that to my chillwave playlist
i do not bother, olly.
i want the light switched off can you do it for me
can i see my transactions from yesterday
Been trying to transfer money this morning but keep getting rejected. I don't understand why this is happening.
Book me a train ticket for tomorrow
remove my calendar event at one pm today
what is the number of remaining rewards points on my chase card
please begin pairing with my phone
are there any mandatory shots that i must get before my trip to jamaica
Please tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE ELECTION RESULT TODAY HAPPENED.
What time is it in Karachi right now.
can you walk me through setting up direct deposits to my bank of internet savings account
order chinese from china spring wonton soup and a small beef and broccoli
play new songs by barenaked ladies
what is the story of the movie titanic
is everything ok today
please play a podcast
that's cool,, olly.
tell me the time of train X
I was charged for a cash withdrawal.
can you get me a table for 3 at olive garden at 7pm
what events are scheduled for this weekend in me area
can you just cancel it.
i am not so clear about what you have just said.
i went to the park
I tried topping up but my funds seem to be pending. I want to buy something right now, what do I do?
i'm vacationing in israel will i need a visa
how do i set up direct deposit for my cefcu account
what's the funniest joke you know
what are john's contact details
set alarm
add this to my rock playlist
Tweet samsung to let them know my washer is on fire.
tell me when my moms birthday is
what restaurants are open near me
what is i. b. m.'s stock worth
could you freeze my account, please
My statement shows a 1£ purchase pending. I do not remember making this purchase, please let me know what this is about.
What is the wait time for a transfer from the US?
has my request for vacation time been okayed
it's useful,, olly.
Is there a maximum i can top up?
i want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in california
I think the exchange rate on my card payment is incorrect.
what time is the parade set for today
suggest a meal from thailand please
a hidden government facility
can you tell me whats on my shopping list
do i have any meetings scheduled between 3 and 5 pm today
Please tweet @PizzaHut I've been waiting for my delivery for 85min now #nothappy
what does the list contain
go to whisper mode
let me know the credit limit for my credit card
one more time again please.
i have to transfer ten dollars from my bank of america account to my capital one account
save opinion on song
do you know the process to rollover my 401k
go to whisper mode for one hour
can you spell out "wonderful
i need to know what the latest is with my application for a visa credit card
how do I link an old card?
Why would I have a pending payment?
I didn't see the money I added to my card.
I placed my order a week ago. Is it ok that my card isn't here yet?
Any new mail from jack
I travel a lot, can I get a bulk currency exchange discount?
shit, you gave me wrong information.
Are your cards available in the EU?
turn the living room lights to one percent
Switch off the wemo plug socket.
can you speak once again please.
Find me some celebrities that are capricorns.
what is the amount of rewards points on my visa card
how long is the drive to the closest gas station
play me some podcasts about getting rich quick
what is on the agenda for today
change voice to female
instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in ten minutes
coding tutorial
does bank of america give credit cards to people like me
could you say one more time please.
How long until my takeaway.
play for me the game candy crush
remove alarm
any one will be ok for me.
book uber from my home
Why do you require all my identity details?
stock x find out
play the radio station
Cortana, identify current song playing.
tell me something funny about adulthood
what is going on right now on twitter
Show me all of my active alarms.
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
sorry but i think you have messed up.
um, i'm not totally sure
can you turn my bedroom lights off
location currently, where
what does it take to get a new card
Show me the shops that are in the area.
are there any status updates on cnn news facebook page
in every three hours give me my facebook update
can people safely travel to cambodia
i need to schedule meeting room for monday at 2:30 pm, please
what's the latest news about us election
find my wife
How many cards can I have for one account?
how many carry ons am i allowed to take on my canadair flight to frankfurt
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
tell me today's direction
Siri, tweet to @Target, your store #Cincinnati, Ohio TriCounty store is messy!
Add Moong daal in grocery list
send an email to mom subject weather body what is the weather like there this week
How do I change my address?
explain photosynthesis
remind me to eat when i get home
how many mega pixel is listed in the description of the canon
book me a flight to jackson, mississippi from austin texas on american airlines
what is the estimated travel time for the train ride to orlando
What is the charge for exchanging currency?
increase the brightness of the light it is hard to see down here
I would like to use one of my cards for a family member. Is that allowed?
play jingle bells
how do i get to the mall
send email to joanne@aol.com and add as new contact
i intend to learn how to change oil
Do currency exchanges cost extra?
will my plugs work in barcelona
What is the daily limit on my card?
The amount of cash i have received is not correct.
what is the lowest amount i can pay for my cellphone bill
Do they offer takeaway?
find the nearest olive garden that has take out service
can you flip a coin, i will take tails
did i put grocery shopping on my todo list
tell me the movie with best imdb ratings going on in theatres near me
give me the date of my last oil change
go to setting
How many plays has Patrick Stewart been in?
book my train ticket from las vegas to los angeles
Lights to 50%
how many dollars can i exchange for 25 euros
anything is okay for me.
8 AM Manila time is what in Eastern time?
Can you delete the next calendar event for which I was invited.
see you later alligator
how can i change my oil in my car
Let's do math
My transfer failed when I tried.
would you try again please.
Set the alarm for 5 AM
What's trending on Twitter?
tell me if i have a meeting with liz today
i need to know the date of expiration for my credit card
Which country would end up converting the most money out of a thousand dollars US?
what is the time difference between here and japan
Is there a limit on how much I can withdraw from my account without being charged?
Can you please tell me who are you?
i don't know the anwser
check and confirm detail.
tell me a funny joke
i like to be it
I need an email to be sent to comcast.com about my service issues.
this is unimportant for me.
why is there a fee for the transfer I made?
Delete that item from the list
How many reminders do I have pending?
i need to know my b of a interest rate
What should I do if I don't know my password?
whats the name of the current song?
Send a complaint to Sony about this TV that quit working.
my games to play in my computers
you are so helpful,, olly.
Please give me both Visa and MasterCard, is it possible?
What do I need to do to get a card?
am i almost due for a tire change
Why is my balance the same?  I processed a transfer.
what steps do i need to do to set up direct deposit
how long can i go before changing my oil
can you define this word
what are your interests
Spelling
any funny jokes
My card is stuck in the ATM, what can I do?
what's the title of this tune
Stop the music
There seems to be an additional charge of £1 on my statement, what is the reason for this?
what is the projected time frame for the flight to land
do you work for a different person
that is good one, thanks.
please send a reminder email to peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt
set my alarm for 5pm
what artist is singing that song
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and japanese yen
what benefits are provided by my insurance
Put my dinner at Red lobster on the calendar for today at 9.
what shots are recommended before traveling to kenya
Give me the time in London
My salary is in GBP, is this something I need to configure?
SAD
what's my apr rate
How can I check on the status of my new card?
Did I get any new emails today from Claire?
please make a pto request from dates september 1 to 15
what is the latest news about obamacare
open vacuum cleaner
when can i hear the decision on my credit card application
turn on new smart socket
hey siri chance the current light settings
What's my schedule like today?
I was charged for a cash withdrawal, why?
speak one more time again.
Can I freeze my card right now?
My virtual card isn't working. What do I do?
how many years ago was al born
i need to find a gift what stores are within a one mile radius
find the exact location of the places
fantastic work, you have done well.
look up what this word means
Activating my card
House, change all lights to blue.
what's today's date
i'd like a coffee please
whoa whoa please slow down
what is the date and time
This company isn't good, I would like to delete my account.
new friends request details
read me the front page of the new york times
Please change the volume low of the speakers.
Since I just got married I need to change my name.
can you phrase that question again
increase the light
what's the best place to visit in arizona
play tunes
Play 7 Habits of Effective People
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
I was doing a transfer and received a "decline" message.
i am needing you to buy me some shoes
will you check the details please.
please can you confirm the question.
add event to calendar and repeat
Add in my calendar an appointment at 2pm on friday.
what sorts of vaccinations should i get prior to a trip to hong kong
The app is showing mt withdrawals that aren't  mine.
please repeat yourself
my bags didn't make it to the new orleans airport
i'm traveling to paris soon and want to inform my bank
I believe my card payment exchange rate is incorrect.
PDA light off now
can you shuffle the light colors in the house
I am not seeing recent cash withdrawal on my account.
what are the manufacturers guidance on oil changes
I am confused about your fee structure and was disappointed to see a fee for my transfer.
game name
bring me the title of current music
please lookup my experion credit score
set up a train ticket for next week friday
let me know in two hours that I have to leave for my violin lesson that's at 4pm at MusicWorkz
you helped a lot, i appreciate it.
wake me up
you've got the answer perfectly.
play my favorite pandora station
please check my last question.
add birthday to every year
disable alarm for three pm
turn up
would you give me directions to the closest starbucks restaurant
i don't have any idea
add a party tonight in my remainder
look up the number of people living in miami florida
Why was I charged a fee to transfer money?
how can i build my credit score
my oil seems pretty black, does that mean i should change it
I have a direct debit on my records that is strange and I need help.
how long do i need to cook roast for
go ahead and roll the dice
i need to hear what i just said again.
i need to know my rewards balance on my discover card
What types of fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
find me the earliest train ticket departing friday morning to miami
Id like to get on the next train that will be departing Indianapolis headed to Chicago.
can you reserve a meeting space for 4:00 on thursday
ai, call my usbank to order more checks
am i free between 6 to 7pm
tell me what is on the list of things to do
How do I retrieve my passcode?
would not really mind to select any one, olly.
oops, i think this was not the right response.
that does not really matter to me.
can you tell me how to jump a car
why is the exchange rate for a Foreign ATM different
can i make a reservation for 3 at state bird for 8:30, please
i want to hear sleeptime playlist next
I think my card payment has been stopped
Fire in Columbus, Ohio.
turn socket off
let me know who is your boss
Remove wyatt's birthday party on my calendar
I see a charge for a direct debit that was not me.
how many likes did i get today
Look up the meaning of logic
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get it to work. Is my card with issue? It's the first time I tried using it.
i'm out of soap so will you order me some more
i need to change your name to ben
Add the item to a list
can you add this song to my jazz playlist
what's the date on which my last oil change occurred
I was getting cash and the card got stuck inside
Why was I charged a fee for my card payment?
send a complaint to my boss
forward this one
olly will you shut off.
Open email for unread mails
did i get approval yet to take off next week
s1, will you rephrase your answer once again to me.
I tried verifying my ID, but it won't let me.
email me the lyrics to this song
let's start over.
Can you please switch of the lights?
Can you tell me more about limits to disposable virtual cards?
any free events in la today
what are the new movies releasing
My accounts been charged a payment for something I didn't make.
PDA tell me the current time.
My first choice would be Mastercard.
increase the volume please
How close is it to 8pm?
after i got married i need to change my name
please have vacuum go for one hour
can you help me find my phone, please
please go to amtrak dot com to purchase tickets
where did you grow up
Send me a physical card
can you try again please.
What do I do if an ATM ate my card?
yeap you've understood it correcly.
reserve a taxi
what events are in me area
how many dollars can i exchange for 25 euros
What is the time in Geneva?
i'd like you confirm the question please.
please check the last thing i said.
can you transfer money from my account
turn up media volume
are there any construction areas on harvard
tell me about Rock.!
How is the PIN delivered?
will you make sure robert has a reservation at ruth's steakhouse
define television
i would like to know my current location
Get apahelp@yahoo.com in my contacts.
whats the total of my federal taxes
how early should i leave to the airport in la
turn off lights in bathroom
The $1.00 has still not been reverted as indicated in the previous email.
find me the latest podcast about president trump and his immigration ban
i'd like to know this song's name
would you please confirm the instruction.
How come my disposable virtual card used to pay for a gym subscription got rejected?
i have an appointment on the 5th put it on for 5pm
clear all concert schedule
Compose a tweet for Youtube.
can i change my pin number
call to mom
where is the location of your creation
I want to add something to my calendar.
tell me the subject areas you are familiar with
Let me know the list.
I didn't make this payment and it's on my app
What is the exchange rate as of today
find the nutrition info for whole milk for me
What is status of current weather.
what do i do for new insurance
Tell me my friends most recent update?
i need help paying my store bill
i'm lacking vitamins so order me more
Hello can you give the contact details for a particular service centre.
say my name if you know it
please call felicity
i would like to get an uber to the movies
book me a train ticket to barcelona please
can you remove that on my calendar
Explain why my top up has been reverted please.
how do i find axos bank's routing number
my card is stolen, i need to report it
can you tell me the phone number of me
please tell me the name i should use when talking to you
your words is not so clear.
May I know what is trending in Facebook?
I hate this song, do not play it again
please check exchange rates
Bring me latest tech news
In a recent withdrawal I received less cash than I expected to receive.  Did someone make an error with the exchange rate?
what fuel do i put in this car
can you give me some fun suggestions for tourists to check out in las vegas, please
thanks but i think this was not the right answer.
Weather, pda?
that isn't right
Someone has stolen my card. Even though I have my card with me, someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help as soon as possible.
send mail to some one
when is my credit card expire
Do you have a list of exchange rates?
how much does it cost to add money
How do I verify the top-up card?
set an alarm for five minutes from now
No more comments
It's only been a few weeks my my top-up got cancelled
what's the nutrition info for a cucumber
how many carry ons does spirit allow when flying to dallas
Will it rain on the 22nd?
yeah exact response to the command.
What US cards do you accept?  I only have 1 other.
Is there a groomer in town for cats only?
PDA do you have a traffic update?
Go on, sweet talk me
s1, further rephrase me on last sentence please.
Repeat reminder for Christmas
turn up the volume
I could not get money from an ATM
tell me today's sports news headlines
tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet
What time is the function of the play Joy in broadway teather today?
info on lisa ann please
your answer was incorrect.
when i visit thailand do i need a plug converter
what day of the week is my birthday this year
Set Reminder to go workout at the gym every Friday at 8:00 am.
does home have a starbucks nearby
new policies
can i safely eat chicken that i've had in my fridge since monday
Do I have any alarms for tomorrow morning?
please call an uber for 6 people to go to amazon's southside warehouse
make a payment on the electric bill
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
Current time?
what do you know to be the nutritional info for macaroni and cheese to be
How can I close my account, I don't want it.
how high is my credit limit for my childrens place card
Will you be able to send the new card to China?
i'll soon be travelling internationally; could you let my bank know
want to know the weather
make me a coffee
please check if paradise does takeaway
Remind me to send email to boss after 1 hour
Why is my top-up pending?
does spago in beverly hills allow customers to make reservations
i need some directions to phoenix
List out the upcoming meeting
Turn off sound.
What's Kim Kardashian's measurements?
I believe I got a wrong exchange rate when I got cash.
Can you tell me more about that festival?
what amount of vacation days do i have
schedule
Is there a reason to why I was charged twice for a transaction?
i love the song do you
switch light to lowest level in dining area
thank you for your help
Where'd the rest of my cash go from the ATM
Why do you need me to do an identity check?
does long horns do reservations
help me plan my traveling itinerary for my trip to madrid, i want to see lots of sights!
open the profile of allen from my contact
Why do I have a pending cash withdrawal?
I got my new card. How do I activate it?
I have friends that would like to top-up my account is that possible?
i need to share my location with trey
my card got damaged and i need to report it
I need two pizzas STAT!
Can the lights be turned up?
give a hand to this game
are there vaccinations needed if i go there
I don't know what my passcode is, can you help?
would you please confirm that.
i want a good recipe that shows me how to bake chocolate chip cookies from scratch
List the curret price of Microsoft shares.
give me the reminders
i need to know if i must have an international visa to go to france
what do you do for fun in your free time
the list contain what
change light colour to yellow
what is today's date
has my request for vacation time been approved
What is the status of my top up?
please look up local restaurants that are open now
Can I activate my card with the app?
What happened to the cash that I tried to deposit into my account? It's gone!
make new list
when was Dolly parton born
What an umbrella means?
turn up the sound
what do i have to do
i would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
tell me tom hanks middle name PDA.
please update me on my social media accounts
what are my insurance assets
I think my card is broke?
I am angry that I got charged for using my card.
that's not what i wanted to see.
How do I know why my card isn't working?
Why was my cash withdrawal declined?
tell me if the following thing can hurt my credit score
you've done it right thank you so much.
How much would an extra card cost?
uh no, i think not correct response.
What is the top-ups limit?
Where are the options to top up with a cheque on my account?
let's play checkers
find my cellphone for me!
which vaccines are meant for cuba
please remove this item from the list
how much is the dollar verus the pound
What is the current price of jindel stock
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that does not belong to me
My payment card was declined - could you tell me why?
what is the current time
I have yet to receive the cash I added to my account this morning.
An incorrect exchange rate was applied to an item I bought.
what is the time difference between my location and hong kong
i need a ride in an hour
will it be okay for me to eat my leftover turkey from monday that's been in my fridge
why did my card get declined at the dentist office
communicate trivia about lebron james
olly cancel all soccer practice alarms
tell me where i left my phone
i am looking for good southeast asian restaurants in philadelphia
how much will i pay in federal taxes
tell me the weather for new york city
does it offer pick up
can i alk in street this evening
what are you able to answer
What time does the train to place leave?
What is the weather back home today?
can you tell me my reminders today
turn down your volume please
let me hear the song sympathy for the devil
make the wemo go on
you've understood my instructions exactly.
How do I retrieve my passcode?
what can i make for dinner
How old do you need to be to open an account?
how much is the minimum payment for power bill
am i supposed to buy milk
what year were you born in
Can I order Olive Garden to go?
change my status to chillin
Shut off my living room plug socket.
where are italian restaurants in me area
open irctc application and go to book ticket
Where is burmuda triangle
PDA, When will you do my laundry?
when will my alarm go off in the morning
whats the weather like in chicago
Do I have a calendar event today?
my card split in half, can i report it
try it once more please.
The ATM machine stole my card.
how much are my electric and heating bills
what day is it on fifth december
set all doors to locked
be quiet
what have i got on my to-do list
can you put a block on my chase account right away
Can i cancel a charge?
i want you to set a meeting with john at 5 pm
please flip a coin for me, tails i win
Will this app exchange currencies?
Headline news for Texas
i was not clear about your answers.
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
Is it possible to change from AUD to GBP?
Hi there,Congratulate me I got a promoted in my job at office
can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
I am upset with your service.  Please delete my account.
Who was the 25th president of the United States of America?
olly that's enough, stop.
Dreams
do i have anything on my schedule for may 3
that's helpful, musch appreciated.
can you remove this event from my calendar
please check and confirm the command.
what is rock?
directions to mcdo
For Every Odd Numbered Sunday, set a reminder for
can you please check what last said.
Freeze my account it's been hacked.
write tweet to Bank of America
let's try what you have said again.
i am sorry but you do not get the command right.
how long before my lawn guy bill's due
can i see my lists for today
Do you offer a discount for those who perform frequent currency exchanges?
how many calories are in a can of coke
This transaction needs both a Visa and a Mastercard.
transfer $100 from my checking to saving account
is your voice from a human or is it synthesized
could you tell me the limit on my chase credit card
about how long does it usually take a new card to get mailed to me
do you own pets
i think that's not right.
I was unable to transfer money from my account.
is it raining?
Does it cost money for currency exchange services?
My bag got stolen with all my cards. Can you please cancel my card and send a new one?
get rid of the first three events in my calendar
How old is Ryan Reynolds?
When will the money reach my  account?
show me share price of amazon.
can someone look at my check engine light that's on
I am having trouble proving my identity.
What meetings are on my calendar today?
pull up ramen recipes please
roll dice please
Set rememinder for My wedding anniversary on 10 July
insert mowing on the chore list
Silent mode on for the next three hours.
What are the steps I need to take to verify my identity?
i want to go to mcdo
is the answer of five plus two seven
how many eggs should i put in my cake mixture
Why doesn't it work when I use American Express to try to add money to my account?
Remove all the events of last month from the calendar
shut the lights off in my bedroom please
previous episode
I think I am a victim of fraud.  I noticed there was a charge on my account that I didn't do because I haven't touched my card today.  Can you please reverse the charge and refund my money?
Is there a way to top-up automatically?
how much is the euro worth versus us dollar
when do i need to pay my dte energy bill
I am still waiting on my bank transfer
I ate breakfast this morning
I just noticed my transfer was declined and I don't know why. Can you help me?
Tell me which catering packages are available.
I am getting an error stating my transfer is not possible while transferring money. Let me know the issue as its the first time i am getting error, earlier it used to work.
Olly, Hot and sweet. Soy based.
Do ATM cash withdrawals carry a charge now? They've been free in the past, but all of a sudden I have to pay to make ATM withdrawals?
is there any construction on route sixty six
i have a new job and need direction with my 401k rollover
Who is the most frequently called person in my phone book?
It is urgency. Please freeze my card now. As someone in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money by using my card. As i did not withdraw any money.
power up the vacuum
How would I change my details?
Why has my card payment not yet been applied to my account?
My card payment doesn't work.
are there any travel alerts for syria
PDA delete last entry
How would yo define object A?
how is the current traffic between
Switch on the lights
PDA what time is time?
by remote sensor
lower the intensity of light
what is the status of my application for the credit card
what sort of things are you able to help with
I need to use my disposable card multiple times a day, is there a cutoff limit?
what trending on twitter
I need to transfer money into my account, HOW?
respond to all that i am on my way
Can I wear shorts out while shopping today?
i need a reservation at 8 on the 22nd of november at ruth's
cancel dinner tonight
Hey I want to buy some crypto but the app doesn't allow me to! What's the issue, I really want to exchange this
make an immediate transfer of ten thousand from money market to checking
i want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list
I moved and need to change my address.
i need an email to be sent to comcastcom about my service issues
What is the square root of ten?
Whats next in my schedule
please check this info on geographics for me
what is trending
please help me make a request for vacation
What should I do if my card payment was cancelled?
can you tell me my spending history from last week
bing directions
outlet on
s it going to be hot tomorrow
Why would my card payment get reverted?
is kaya very busy at 5 pm
There is a payment that is not mine in the app.  Please advise/
tell me a dog joke
I haven't received my cash yet.
the last friday of the month lands on what day
text paul and ask him what time the cookout is on saturday
Delete everything for this month.
What information do I need to see my source of money?
snapchat
turn the lights blue
tell me where a w2 is available please
open google keep
book swan resume
cash in my credit card points
Who can send me money?
Let me listen to my Top Rock Songs playlist.
Get the coffee started, please.
Do you charge a fee on currency exchange?
The ATM keeps rejecting my Payment. I tried two different ATMs but did not work .Can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
where's the nearest gas station
I cannot use my card.
i need a hotel room big enough for 4 people from monday to wednesday in lakewood
wouldn't mind for any one.
get rid of the five pm alarm
I tried to withdraw cash from your ATM but my transaction was cancelled.
can you play my last song
pay my dte bill from my checking account please
how do i schedule getting my tires checked
what is the name that you have for me
tell me a joke about dogs
how much do i take home yearly
What's up with this yellow light?  Get some white up in here.
scrap
Does the app top up automatically?
are you an actual person
does mcdonalds do takeaway
I was charge a fee for my transfer, why?
What brand hair spray does Donald Trump use?
I thought I was going to get a virtual card but I haven't received it yet, how can we resolve this?
Is there a fee to exchange foreign money?
what are the ways i can transfer my 401k
The atm didn't give me all my cash
Play this audiobook for me.
what are some hot travel destinations
can you raise your speaking speed
So my top-up failed, could you tell me why?
add clean the bathroom to my task list
command was exact.
are there any alarms set what are they
yeah you've got that perfectly.
What am I supposed to do if the funds haven't show up from a transfer completed this morning?
What is the current exchange fee?
please check whether the email of jancy has come
I did a transfer.  What is the extra fee?
Can I verify a top-up and what card is used?
My top up was rejected. Why?
How do I add a new email to my contacts?
date and time
is it possible to have a room booked in omaha near the convention hall for may 01, 2019 to may 05, 2019
Turn on my wemo socket
who has covered this song?
Can I top up my card with other cards?
Remind me to do something then
I no longer have my phone, what should I do?
Several items I have charged this week are appearing twice.  Please review my statement and remove any duplicate charges.
create a new timer
Hi, I have withdrawn cash from the ATM on holiday and i guess withdrawal amount has been overcharged. I did it as i was not aware of these charges.
how man z's are in zombie
take out available louies
My purchases from this morning are showing up as payment pending. Can you tell me why?
how do i find my present location right now, please
I was not given the amount of cash I withdrew
for the holidays when is the next one we do here
s2, i can not catch that.
I would like a virtual card...how do I get one?
find an uber xl to take me to the kroger near me
can i please get an appointment to get my oil changed
from here, how do i get to the statue of liberty by bus
i need to hear that sentence said again.
give me a fun fact about otters
how would you categorize the pets you have
what's my current limit on my visa
I want my PDA to find free movies online for me
add a note to attend
can i go outing without any raincoat
Please turn on 99 (point) 5
Turn lights off in living room
Can I use a check to top up?
web searches
life has what meaning or what's the secret to it
can you tell me how you're doing today
Play chess with me
i'm in the mood for italian, are there any good places around
hey put carrots on that
i need you to increase the speaker volume
are bananas on the list, if not can you add them
is mr joes pizza available for a seating
please adjust the colors in my lights
which book fair events are taking place next week in washington dc
Something is wrong with my passcode
how many calories are in cheerios
What do I need for the verification check?
what is the interest rate on my barclay card arrival credit card
It's been a week since you sent my card and I still don't have it.
Play I spy with me.
go ahead an unsync my phone now
shut off the lights in the kitchen
name the capital of nigeria
Order Chinese from China Spring - wonton soup and a small beef and broccoli.
order food from applebees
Does it cost much or take long to get a new card? Mine is about to expire.
how bad is the traffic on sunset boulevard
will you please shut down.
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
you've done that correctly, olly.
i need to sub sugar for salt
I want to hear x playlist next
does brick grill deliver
erase meeting with jeff from my calendar
I moved to a new city and need to change my address
Please explain to me how to know where my funds are from.
How do I unlock my account after typing in the wrong PIN too many times?
What music do I like?
turn the volume down a little please
Tell me how old is Ryan Seacrest?
book an uber for one hour from now
when is the next train to b street
Tell me more about the Japan Day Festival.
what's going on in new york
do i have anything on my todo list
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
who do I talk to, to cancel a transfer?
please could you try what you've said once more.
Which rom-com movie can I watch in theatres around New York
s2, could not get what you have said.
please tell me this month's transactions on my visa
i need to find my w2 so i can do taxes
Olly, give me information on the song that's playing.
revert to factory settings please
how do i add money with my apple watch
Are cheques accepted for a top up?
alexa put shoes on my list
could you please inform me what health plan i am currently on
that was good one, thank you very much.
Do you support any currency?
Can you see if I have any new emails?
What's on for the 14th afternoon that I could go with the two year old twins?
i need to set a meeting with tom at 6pm
do not mind.
where's your place of birth
DEA: Guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
Hi, In morning, i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but it got declined. So far it was working fine. Could you please check my card.
can you send an email for me to a new email address
How do I change my details?
Set this before event
play the scarlet letter
Switch off the lights
you can call me cindy
I've lost my card. What can I do about that?
if you put a velociraptor and a hippo together what would happen
I need some coffee.
When will I see an updated balance after a transfer?
PDA please add item to list
tell me how to get from here to the chimes in covington
dim the bedroom lights to half
can you recommend an indian restaurant
What age do I have to be?
what if i want to switch insurance plans
What is this direct debit in my statement?
what is the date and time
any funny jokes
how is hello said in french
When will my new card be delivered?
Book a plane ticket to ...
any unique trivia about beats headphones
Hello, there seems to be a billing mistake associated with my account.  My app was charged $1 more than it should have.  Could you please explain why this may have happened?
did i get approval yet to take off next week
text message chris and say i love you
i like you stop.
can you tell me my bank balance
What is the status on the current elections?
Can you start hulu
would you tell me what names you have for me
Are there any grocery stores nearby?
yes, that's what i want
Why am I being charged twice?
what genre of music is in my music folder
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it wouldn't stop saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
oh no, not right.
Please play music.
how many cups in a quart
when do i need to pay the water bil
How many pounds do 60 kg make?
you've done that right, olly.
I was charged for a cash withdrawal.
How can you transfer my salary to my correct currency?
i will need my filter coffee in ten minutes please ask the coffee maker accordingly
Where was Keith Urban born?
ally please play pandora radio
change light colors from blue to white
please buy me flowers
Did I do something incorrectly? Where is my top-up?
please make ke a coffee
will you tell a joke
reply to last received email
Can you give me a flash briefing?
i'd like a coffee please
can you roll a dice for me
please increase the volume of the current song
how do i jump start my battery
what does 'pda' mean?
what is the least i can pay on my mortgage bill
what date should i next change my oil
i would like to know tomorrow's date
can you please confirm detail.
Why hasnt my top up gone through yet?? I thought it was suppose to be instant? Am I wrong? Why is it still pending?
I tried to make a transfer and it was declined. Why?
have any suggestions for local italian food
Can you give me the restrictions of the disposable cards?
please email celine
please add oranges to my grocery list
What's a broiler?
What was the latest post?
what's a fun fact relating to elephants
give me instructions for changing the oil in a 2015 passat
olly can you cancel please.
Please check to see if the band transfer I made a while ago from my UK account has safely arrived.
you have done it correctly thanks.
Olly, what movies are playing tonight at 9 pm at the AMC 9?
Not living in same place, need to change details
is the data prefers any problems in objects
I changed my mind on something I purchased through you and I need the transaction canceled and a refund as soon as possible. Can you help me please?
how much total have i spent on fast food lately
book a train ticket to new york
by Hide
how do i cook a medium rare steak
what are we doing next week
great response to the command.
I deposited a cheque, why isn't my balance showing that I did?
i want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel
Are there any discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
Someone transferred money to me and it doesn't show
please inform me on my current vacation request status
what is current traffic in ohio
can you do a coin flip for me ai
siri find train tickets to nc
Play the Neal Brennan episode of Wait Wait Don't Tell Me
please let me know the exchange rate between indian rupees and us
Weekly badminton classes start tomorrow and will end May 1
this is not so clear to me.
Play the seventh episode of The Morning After.
While abroad, I got cash, and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
show me my transactions on tacobell
How many kids jackie chan does have
My money didnt go through after I transferred.
open chess play against me
get me a car
if i have twenty dollars how many francs is that
remove dinner with mike from my calendar
I'm not sure where this charge came from.
I received $20 but I entered $100
i misplaced my visa and need it marked as lost
do you mind if i ask how old you are
Schedule meeting on
Yesterday my phone was stolen from me :( What do i need to do about it?
I want to revert a transaction I did this morning
After this one, play song
I bought this item and was charged the wrong amount can I get a refund?
What is good way to cook eggs?
Reply to Mark's email.
what day is the 22nd
what would your age be
I am not satisfied with your company and wish to delete all accounts immediately.
alarm settings
Using Google Pay, can I top up?
Can you tell me how to change my PIN?
tell me about my upcoming week
Is there any fees for top ups?
overhead lights on please
Can you please make my top up go through as soon as possible. I really need the money and it has been pending for an hour already.
heads, coin flip
can you call an uber for 2 to go to proof on main
i would like you check details please.
How can I edit my personal details in the app?
Does topping up my card have a fee?
how much money will i make for the week if i make dollars per hour and work twenty hours
The money is still in my account even though I already paid -- I don't understand what happened.
lower the volume 10%
Why have you declined my card payment?
March 10th lands on what day of the week?
would you check my last command.
Why have I been charged a small fee to use my card?
i need one cup of coffee
i'll use what ingredients for lasagna
Please sound an alarm three hours before a scheduled event.
Cash withdrawal was incorrect at ATM.
i cracked my rewards card can i get a different one
date of joining
let me know when i'm going to be paid
PDA, play the radio for me.
call a taxi for me to where i am currently located
When can I expect to receive my card?
my car takes what kind of fuel
vacuum the dining room
do i need a travel visa to visit canada
My identity hasn't been verified.  Can I use my account?
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar
I can't get my actual card to work
What happened to my top-up?
please play the song games by disturbed
flag two day after this day as my holiday
tell what is the value of sin thirty
can you roll a dice with 8 sides
how much is due on the gas bill
turn on the tv
set me an alarm for 4pm and another for 5pm
thanks for answers, olly.
correct my account pin to 1234 on my checking account
i would like you just cancel.
There is a payment I don't recognize
I checked my account today and saw that I was charged an extra pound that I did not spend.
Please tell me the closest convenience store to my house.
After the transfer, the balance did not update.
what's the traffic like on the way to patterson
where are w-2 forms given
what music do i usually like after work
How long do transfers need to come through? I sent some money to a friend, she needs it urgently, but seems it's still not there yet after a couple hours.
today date
s1, explain further please.
What should I do if someone else used my card?
how's it going right now
i want to listen to the podcast of the super bowl this past year
My card is being used online to make a bunch of purchases! Someone else is using it fraudulently. Can you help me freeze it?
pick up we left off on battle royale
whats the news like in the UK
I'm getting an error when trying to make a payment. I want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through. Can you help me?
Can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter?
Is it possible to have both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
do i have a number for jerry
Do you think you're asking for too much information about me?
exchange rate between dollar and mexican peso
would you like to play a game with me
I just got this card & I don't know how to activate it.
Next week their is a show at the pub can you make a reminder
what were my last five transactions on my visa card
put in a pto request for me i want it for the ninth and the tenth of august
can i make a reservation for 6 pm on the 21st at sidetracks
please cancel my reservation at red lobster for 6
from here, i take this bus to go to brooklyn and how long is the commute
start reading that alan partridge book
how many days off have i taken
When I withdrew my money, why was there an extra charge?
do i have any emails from robert
what's left in the tank
The app made a mistake and said I made a cash withdrawal.
how much do i pay in apr on my amex card
I've been waiting for over an hour for a top up to go through.  How long is this supposed to take?  I really need this money.
PDA check info on someone
How to change my address.
you can send the email to abc@gmail dot com this is my new email address
when is my card going to expire
how healthy is a cheeseburger
take away all events
what is the pressure like on my tires
wake me up at 4am
what is the latest date that i can pay my direct tv bill this month
include this song in the "kids" playlist
Any new mail since last time
what is john's last name
I am not able to see the card PIN anywhere?
Can you tell me when my card will arrive?
yes the command is confirmed.
I have a strange payment in my statement
i don't really mind to select any one.
save this song in my favorites
If I will be traveling, is there a way to auto top-up my card on certain days?
Can you play the radio, please?
Can I use my Apple Watch to to top up?
i wouldn't bother.
areas card is accpeted
not sure if that's a yes or a no
is checking the mail on my list of reminder
i don't mind for anything, olly.
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
how much are taxes on this
Temp Chennai
i need to know about travel alerts for mexico
hey check emails
recommend me some shops to shopping in angel
I want to cancel a transaction from this morning.
How do I go forth on transferring a sum of money from one account to another?
How do I convert currencies with the app?
Where do I find PIN for my card?
Where's my virtual card
can you explain why my card was declined
Show me the stock prices of Walmart.
What is the time frame that it usually takes for a transfer to come through? I have a friend needing it immediately but it has yet to come through.
could you make a train ticket for me
TELL ME, WHAT TIME IT IS ?
i appreciate it, that was great one.
I want my card I just received to show up in the app. How do I do that?
Some cash has been withdrawn but I didn't do it.
yeah wonderful response.
you are helpful, thank you so much, olly.
can i just use oil instead of vinegar
remove the list please
How long do EU transfers actually take? I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
do i have any new tweets
i'm on a new job but i need help with my 401k rollover
I still do not see the cash deposit in my account from last week. Why?
repeat same song for ten times
My card couldn't pay in a shop.
i need to pay my electric bill now
Olly, where is the largest volcano in the world?
find me my dad's email address
take out the milk from the shopping list
can you tell me the location of the nearest bank
please turn bedroom lights off
can i use milk instead of cream
where can i rent a car in singapore
The email reply should state
the weather is sunny today
thanks but i think it's not the correct answer.
when is the next appointment on my calendar
Money that I have transferred hasn't arrived yet
set a timer for 30 minutes
find the most popular recipie for tacos
shopping list
how do i get to the train station by bus
search for a good nerd joke
What's wrong with my card? The clerk at the grocery store said it was declined.
play country
tell me my hsbc card credit limit
I completed a transfer within the UK two days ago, but it is still not showing received.  I have verified the account number is correct already.  Is there anything else I need to do or is there a problem?
alexa give me the definition for the world pontificate
can you please say that again
my list please
What's the news from WBC right now?
Open media play jingle bells
I sent money for my rent to my landlord but she is claiming it hasn't arrived in her account  Can you trace the transfer I made to make sure it arrived so I can provide proof I sent it and that it has been deposited?
please lower the speaker volume
what's hot social media topics
I want to transfer a sum of money from another bank account I have into this one
I entered a typo when I was transferring money and now I've sent it to an incorrect account.  This is so bad!  I need it cancelled now.
I would prefer a visa card
I'dl like to hear any classical, except for bach or schubert
I lost my wallet today with all my credit cards. Will you please block the card and send a replacement?
how is my ai doing
what's the current weather situation for tallahassee
let me know how many vacation have i utilized
Can anyone else top-up for me?
switch off the power
where is the closest mcdonald's to foxwoods casino
Does auto top-up have a limit?
please would you just cancel it.
Olly, create a repeating event on Mondays at 7 pm
I want to hear radio channel x
add my next doctor visit to my calendar
erase my appointment with ted
select and play only christian rock from one thousand nine hundred and ninety upwards
please pay my sprint bill using my bank of america checking account
How can I get a card sent to China?
make me a coffee please
what is happening with brexit today
give me tips on maintaining good credit
am i cleared to miss work for vacation
please could you check that.
Give me a refund now!! I am still waiting.
resume the art of war
uhh no, that isn't what i just said.
how to activate card?
how do i get a refund for a direct debit payment i didn't make
thanks for your answers.
how many dollars are in a pound
bad that's not what i said.
There appears to have been a reversion in my top up
what are good restaurants in reno that serve sushi
what's the fuel level
Search for best walking directions across multiple applications.
how long will a new card take to reach me
how high is my credit limit for my old navy card
I need the volume to be quieter
find me a place to stay in jacksonville near the stadium from january 1st through 3rd
I made an ATM withdrawal over the holiday and then later realized I was charged an exorbitant fee!  I never would've made this withdrawal if I'd known I'd be charged so much.
i need to get my tired checked at one of the location
If it's sunrise in Stockholm, what time is it in Okinawa?
play animal farm
how many calories did i burn between three and five today
Please find out the share price of IBM in Nasdaq
My card wants to be topped what do you guys support?
When will the money reach my  account?
Was Einstein married?
which kind of documentation do I need for identity check?
whatever would be ok to me.
please once again elaborate me on your answers.
first week of march meetings
Destroy all events.
stop making sounds for forty minutes
how is the traffic on third street
Which was the first satellite to be launched by NASA?
I have been charged a fee for paying with card
I didn't cancel my top-up.
can you play back to december
tell me some funny joke to laugh
confirm the question please.
it was not the correct response.
Why is the exchange rate wrong when I purchase something abroad?
i'm hungry, where should i go
what is the balance on my bank accounts
i was unclear about what you have said.
please remove the phone's sync
olly please will you shut off.
PDA, start list.
can you pause and rewind the audio then resume
olly turn on some rap music
how do i get to the statue of liberty on foot
Why isn't my top up showing on my wallet?
hows the air in my tires
near pizza shops
There is an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account for 500£.  I definitely didn't make this withdrawal.  I need your help.
what is on my tv list?
how long will it take to cook a lasagna
what is the minimum amount due on my cable bill
listen carefully that is not correct.
Olly, how much can chris helmsworth bench press?
are there any train times for...
put on a pot of coffee
tell me something interesting about sperm whales
can you make coffee
I just got a new card, and I want to know how to activate.
Rahul contact
I tried updating my balance by cheque yesterday but it doesn't seem to be working. Shouldn't that be faster? Please check my account something has gone wrong there.
i need to make a bill payment
Is a new debit card free?
can you provide me the calories in the smoothie
what items are on my shopping list
turn off sockets
I need you to delete my account now.
Cash I did not get showed up in my account
How can I exchange currencies using your app?
I moved and need to change my personal information.
How do I add a new card?
I lost my phone and need help securing it.
i need a refund right away but the funds aren't available in my account
I tried to pay with my card and it didn't work
What type of fiat currencies do you support?
My money's disappeared from my account! I topped up the other day and it was there, but now it's not. Help?
how many miles until i get to the beach
Where do I find my card PIN?
I'm still waiting for the top-up!
speak quieter
tell me that one more again please.
will you tell me my credit score
I attempted to top up but the app denied it.
I sent money about 5 days ago and the recipient has not received the money yet.
please create a new alarm
Hello.  I ran into a problem with a transfer this morning.  I was trying to send money to some friends but when I tried to send it, the transfer failed.  I don't know what is causing the transfer to be rejected.  Please let me know what is causing the problem.  Thanks.
What movie should I watch today
my virtual card has not came yet!
I have a service fee that I've never seen before. It showed up after I bought something from an international seller online.
nope, it's not the correct command.
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but the app says I did
I know that I am able to make transfers for free.  That was something that I valued.  After I bought something online from abroad I noticed that I got charged a fee?  What is this and can it be removed?
that's good, thanks.
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
Please proceed to the next available rock song
change your language
Play the latest songs by Sene.lena Gomez after this o
give me directions for the place
do i need to pay any fee if i use my card in japan
Why hasn't my balance increased after depositing a check?
I can't access my account.
What are the synonyms of placid?
do the knicks have a game at home tonight
Mute volume now
have no idea for what to do, olly.
check that.
where can i see money source?
that's enough, cancel.
lower all volume on speakers please
hi what is the hot topic in facebook
what is in a curry
book me on a train leaving penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than two hundred miles away
Does the weather call for rain Saturday?
what was it i wanted to remember
show me the alarms i've set
Hello. I just noticed I was charged two times for a restaurant I visited this week. Can you reverse the additional charge?
Olly, should I keep my windows open tonight?
I need the volume to be quieter
is it going to be cloudy in London during the weekend?
how do you make sunny side up eggs
read available lists
any free events in la today
I got my new card. How do I activate it?
Show me the stock price for google.
Send this message to Twitter.
Every Wednesday night at 5pm remind me to meet Phil.
i am obliged to report my stolen card
could you check that please.
Tell me what lists I have.
can you book a car rental today to new york city to philadelphia
would you check and confirm detail please.
start new lady gaga playlist
olly brighten the lights
How will I know when I can use the auto top-up feature?
Tell me the top stories on the LA Times
yeap correct response.
go ahead and delete the doctor appointment i have scheduled for monday
Where is my card PIN?
what is the apr on my first bank card account
How many cm make one foot
tell me how traffic is looking on the interstate
do i have pepper my shopping list, if not add it
link me to jeff's email
I would like to terminate my account.
I would like to dispute a direct debit transaction
can you remind me about the gym class in two hours
Please play red fm
what is 1785 minus 334 minus 87 plus 374 minus 400 plus 17
i flew on southwest airlines flight ab123 out of dallas and i can not find my luggage
In the app, how can I make it show the new card that arrived?
What is inflation and explain it's relationship with the economy?
tell me fun facts on science topics
order a train ticket to los angeles
I have yet to receive the cash I added to my account this morning.
skip to next podcast
how do i steam rice
Why did it decline my payment?
that was cool, i appreciate it.
Please explain why my transfer attempt was declined. Thank you.
when is the first seventy degree day forecast
Why are there so many fees on my statement?
how many of my vacation days have i depleted
how long will it take for me to get a new credit card to replace the one that was stolen
food order from grubhub
reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
let me see my alarms
am i able to order more checkbooks for my chase account
can you remove remove buying eggs item from my to do list
How do you find the exchange rate?
don't you work for someone else
What is the process for activating my new card?
How long will it take for my money to be deposited?
i think not right answer.
Can you tell me more info about virtual disposable cards?
I was charged twice for the same thing.
it was enjoyable to chat with you
open twitter
how much do i have in my bank accounts
Whats the latest from the business and economics sector
Turn off the upstairs bathroom light.
would you please check the detail.
I don't have my card in 1 week.  Should I be worried?
Is Texas the biggest state in the United States?
I only have a card from the US is that okay?
Please send Dad an email asking about the weather in New Jersey.
toss a coin i will take tails
what is going on around here
find me a good wine shop that stock old wines like older than ten years navigate me to that shop
I got this stupid fee after taking cash out, why?
MY CHOICE TO PLAY AN AUDIO FROM MIDDLE OF THE OBJECTS
Can I put my old card back in the app?
I would like to know how my friend would be able to send me money
Why is my identity not being verified?
what's the weather in Napels
Is there a way to reset my PIN?
do you know my credit rating number
Which country's currency do you support?
Was my top up reversed?
Schedule a meeting with Brian Billings for 2:30 PM on Friday.
Any new emails for me?
My new card isn't in my app, how do I get it in there?
please check what said.
Play only all music released between the year 1990 and 2000
I would like to exchange currencies
olly will you stop.
I want to eat something,will you order food for me?
is the birthday event on fifteenth of this month true
i need to know when i must pay my car bill
i am not sure
Open solitaire.  Play with me
write a text to alice
I am confused why there is cash I did not accept in my account
I would like it if my PDA could engage in deep conversation with me.
how would i say goodbye if i were norwegian
Tweet to Ikea costumer service the following, I'm not happy with this new KLM product
compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better
What's the weather like today?
There is a weird payment in my statement.
yes answer was confirmed.
I want the news about academy award
I just got my card.  It's not linked yet--how do I do that?
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there, what is happening?
play radio ninety five point five
What movie should I go see?
Play next episode
how much pto has been used on my behalf
i am sorry but i think you didn't get me.
HOW LONG THE CARD VALIDITY
I would like to exchange currency  What types are there?
i wanna know the types of subjects are you familiar with
yes confirmed.
please raise the volume of speaker
Is there an issue with my account?  I don't see a cheque deposit that I made yesterday.  Please assist.
what's my work salary
play little women
home town weather
I need quickly transfer something from China. About how long will it take?
can we pair this with my new phone
how to keep my credit from dropping
can the lights be turned up
is it going to be sunny today
Am I busy today?
what things can i do in portland
what is the status on my takeout
How do I turn on my new card?
create a meeting event in my calendar
find out what this song is
show stock of goog
does peking garden take orders over the phone
How much am I allowed to top-up?
Can I use a different currency with my salary?
today is which date
please get off my phone connection
Olly, what stores have clearance?
recipes for garlic bread please
what time is it in someplace when it's sometime in otherplace?
call mom
what steps do i take to redeem my credit card points
I'm not sure where my phone is, I think someone stole it or it's lost.
who is the singer
Are there any fiat currencies that you will not work with?
Delete event calendar.
can you cancel my reservation tonight for chris at smith and wollensky
whatever is okay with me.
I need your help to get a refund for an item I just bought, can you cancel the payment since what I bought hasn't arrived yet.
How long until my friend receives my transaction?
I need to add money to my account. Can I do so via bank transfer?
Is there any fees associated with receiving money with this account?
can i use mayo instead of miracle whip
where were you created
How do I link a new card to an existing one?
create new event on calendar 'john's birthday'
snapchat
Tell me why my transfer was declined.
The cast deposit from a week ago still is not in my account. Why?
Tell me about Neal Adams
how much longer until my next day off
ah it was great one, olly.
please check episode number thirty nine
I want to and my email address.
it looks as though my luggage has been lost
when's the next holiday coming
how do i go to athens by train
can you speak to me in chinese
that will be true
How long should you cook a whole chicken in a 375 degree oven?
is there a reason that my payment didnt go through
I got charged twice
do i have free time next tuesday to schedule a meeting
current currency rate
no, you don't get what i just requested.
Tell Apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
When can I expect my card?
why is top up pending
olly will you please shut down.
Play music by Taylor Swift
when do i have to change oil
wouldn't really know, olly.
What is the maximum number of transactions I can do with a disposable card?
Someone that I had to send money to told me that they didn't receive the full amount I sent them - can you look into this?
what's my car's mpg, please
give me a joke
Can I use my account although my identity verification has yet to pass?
One of my card payments, I don't recognise the name of the merchant.
what place do you come from
could i rent a car out of dallas from april 1-10
sorry but that's not the correct response.
I don't know my PIN, how can I find that out?
what is two hundred divided by thirteen
create a blank list
make coffee at 8 a.m.
Tell me what's trending on Twitter.
what do i have on my todo list
what date is today
The refund has not appeared in my account
I see a direct debit payment on my statement that wasn't me
what happens on the Fourth of July
Why can't a beneficiary receive a money transfer from me?
My card payment is showing pending however this transaction was a couple of days ago. Is there a reason why it it still pending?
what kind of gas should i put in this car
how much is admission to the local museum
I want you to book a train ticket for me
can i increase the credit limit for my american express card
list all set alarms
awesome job, you did well.
what's on your mind today
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
can you define a baster
I sent money and the recipient has not received their money after two weeks.
what's the point of sentience
please delete all my calendar events
where is the party?
I did a top-up, but I'm not seeing it in my wallet yet.
Can I get my money back on an item?
What are the next three alarms set to go off?
how much do i pay in taxes every year
what is the time difference between here and dakar
tell me about medieval war engines
find nearest train station
The wrong exchange rate was applied to me while pulling out cash.
help me start my kitchen list
turn off the wemo plug socket
please create a new tweet
I'm still expecting the transaction to be finished
play for me the music by the beatles
Dim the lights in the living room.
My top-up failed to go through.
is a transfer to a beneficiary allowed?
Olly how many quarts are in a gallon?
How old is...
initiate vacuum clener
any one is ok to me.
my favorite singer is shakira
i would not mind for whatever.
i just acquired a new job but i need help with my 401k rollover
Hello! I need to order a disposable virtual card. Where can I do that at?
Has my top-up been cancelled?
schedule a meeting with al on tuesday
delete grocery shopping from my Saturday schedule
Give me the weather for the last five days.
I do not want a VISA card.
Can I change from one currency to another?
set mute mode for one hour
oh no, you have done that wrong.
what do i have planned for 3/5
give me the names of my lists
what should i do this weekend
Some idiot stole my card.
could you let me know how many pto days do i have left
I think I was charged extra on my payment on last Saturday.  Maybe the exchange rate was wrong?  I'd like a refund.
how long does it take to get the train from rome to paris
I have a transaction that shows multiple times.
Olly book a ticket to Paris on eurostar at 5pm this friday
can usa residents get a card?
How long is the transfer?
is it okay to switch water for milk
Can you tell me why my top up didn't work?
make the room brighter
Set a birthday event for Wednesday
Why did my top up get reverted?
I have been charged an extra fee when buying from your store. Why is this?
Which ATMs take the card?
I couldn't hear you.  Repeat that louder
please will you cancel.
cancel wake up calls for this week
go to calendar and delete an third event of 27/03/2017
olly change the color of the lights
find me the nearest chinese for delivery
what time is it in the eastern timezone
create packing checklist
define elaborate
forward shown content to (  ) with email
i want you to give me a suggestion for what to make for dinner
when is the milk date before used
how do i get to the train on foot
Play next Nutritional Facts
How can I transfer some money into a foreign account?
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to nj today
Tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful.
turn the lights on brighter
audio start
save my song preferences on playlist
you did perfect job, thank you very much, olly.
Call Golden Taxi to pick me up at 7pm today.
how much is the dollar verus the pound
what is this thing
do i have any alarms
repeat reminder for my schedule for christmas
Olly, hit me up with some exciting events in the Bay Area.
i accidentally bent my card, what do i do
please use your whispering voice; i need quiet
What types of foreign money can be used with this service.?
cancel birthday party
I am having a problem proving who I am
I need you to find a good channel to listen to
My card payment is showing pending.
Play the most recent podcast for This American Life
are you from here
make sure bread is on my grocery list
My American express works with my apple pay, why is top up not working?
ai, how long have you been working
i need a gold class ticket on train number five using my credit card
tell me updates
Please empty my calendar.
What event do you suggest for me tonight?
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza
When I used one of the ATMs in the city centre today, I tried to take out some money, but for whatever reason, the machine declined my card. Just checked it out in my account and that amount is still showing as pending! Is there any way that you can cancel this transaction, because I did not receive any money whatsoever from the ATM
has my credit card application been processed yet
How long will I have to wait for my money to be in my account?
What happens if my card is stuck in the ATM?
When I tried to top up using my card, all of the money disappeared.
let randy and travis know where i'm at
I'd rather not verify my identity.
Olly search events and meetups for Central park West
Verify my source of funds?
how many square feet is a 13 by 74 room
i think not correct response.
cancel my reservation for 5 at the loft
start candy crush
dialog box appears
on what date is easter this year
what is my total annual income
whats the fuel economy of this car
what groups are listed in my contacts
Can you look into why my most recent top-up is showing as pending? I thought it was supposed to be instantaneous.
i want a new policy with long-term care insurance
light is too much
play an fm
please find me the pe most recent news on
Can I be topped up once I hit a certain balance?
Delete all events for tomorrow.
hackernews
can you tell me what ingredients are needed for cinnamon buns
How is your day going?
Cancel everything on my calendar
where in the app can i find out about my new pin
toggle wemo plug socket on
show me the minimum payment for my boat bill
please make ke a coffee
Next play Justin Bieber's Sorry.
you've done it right thanks.
delete apples from my shopping list
i did not ask for it.
can you pull up how many points i've earned with travel card
tell me how much i make
how many more miles can i drive on my current tank
send over 50 dollars between my shared and not shared accounts
Where can I get my PIN unblocked?
what's the direction for foot traffic to get to the eiffel tower
oil changes are typical done how often
Why does my transfer keep generating an error message?
buy a train ticket to
I live in the US, how long will it take for delivery?
I submitted a transaction to the incorrect account.
how can i build credit
whats your age range
how old are you
I was not able to receive the correct amount of cash.
book a train ticket from Orlando to Chicago
s1, please would you clarify me further on your response.
Show me current exchange rate between euros and other currencies
I made a cash withdrawal at an ATM but it still says pending in my account.
what is the weather for this week
What is the reason my transfer was declined?
When using a US card, what is the cost for a top up/off?
Open my grocery list and add bananas to it.
There are charges on my card that I haven't purchased.
appreciate your answers, olly.
I topped up my card but the money disappeared.
show me tutorials on cooking food
The ATM took my card.
i want to learn to change oil
i do not want to use the socket anymore
Show me the list of missed events.
will you please rephrase me more on it.
i must understand the nearest gas station to glendale
I was expecting my new card by now.
start a new list
Why is a payment I made reverted back to my account?
please remove the alarm which i set for today morning
How can I order my card?
how high are the rewards on my discover card
how old is betty white
on my grocery list please add oranges
How long can I expect a transfer to pend for?
I have not received the amount of cash i was supposed to.
how many minutes to melt cheese
call a taxi for me to where i am currently located
how do you make pasta
there were two of the same charge to my account
what is the current time in boston
please cancel my dinner reservation
book a cab to office for me
how long does it take to cook meal of tuscan
Is it possible to track the card you sent me?
what is your country?
Need a taxi for my travel
stop, i think you've got me not correct.
tell me the funniest joke that was ever told
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal does not show up properly?
update on email
is there takeaway at papa john's
tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horrible
Add a new email
repeal the dinner reservation
can you tell me if there are meeting rooms available between 1 and 4
Please make me a cappuccino.
what is source of my funds, need to verify
please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state
can you change the limit on my credit please
PDA name: when does the train arrive at xxxx station
olly please could you shut down.
quiet mode four hours
tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee
I  see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did It charge me extra?
shopping list
I want a reply to the email
Play Giants by Banks and Steelz
thanks for doing that.
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
Why is a transaction showing as pending when I recieved cash from an ATM?
My American express is experiencing a problem with apple play with top up, can you fix it?
can i know what type of things you can help me with
What is the list about my my favorite songs
remember <unk>
what timezone do they use in arizona
what does a beech tree look like
What is the fastest route to my grandmother's house?
Olly, what does 'snafu' mean?
Can you please tell me how long it takes for the transfer to be available.
play the last played audiobook
Play selected music.
please will you speak once again.
play checkers with me
i can't find my mastercard and i want to report it as lost
i want to eat mediterranean fare with at least four stars, near me
i have a meeting tomorrow morning at ten please remind me
I have the funds, why can I not use my top-up?
what's my current mpg
Hey, call the nearest Chinese restaurant for a takeaway
when was the last date that i got paid
olly add tomorrows dinner date to the calendar
turn on the tunes
Who is going to win the next elections in the France?
i need assistance figuring out how to rollover my 401k, please
There is a direct debit set up that was not authorized by me.
next episode
Change the alarm weekly settings
do i have an alarm set
i can't find my visa card and i want to report it as lost
What does it mean if my payment was reverted?
crack a joke
Remind me about the meeting tomorrow at 6
i'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please
Why did I get charged for withdrawing cash?
i want you to play the podcast
send email to family saying I love you all
i wanna switch to the male voice
when is my car insurance bill due
Delete upcoming event
Play next episode of podcast
show me a funny video on youtube
remove the alarm
I hope tomorrow will be better.
by switch off
Am I able to modify my account details?
what is the total number of oceans in the world
Can you book an Uber after I left for office?
How do I go about setting up an account for my daughter?
Disable music player.
yeah it was confirmed.
where is the nearest fry's
when i want it to take down notes
When will a refund post to my account?
please say it one more time again.
what do i need to do to set up direct deposit
Please delete all the events from my calendar.
I have a pending transfer
Order food
My money is gone :( I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
I need a cup of coffee.
I made a transfer a couple hours ago but my balance has not been updated. Why is this? Shouldnt this be instant?
is tomato on my shopping list
Why did I get charged for a transfer?
define love without invoking the term love
I received a different amount of cash than what I entered.
take that off there
I need help proving that this is really me and to verify my identity.
When are you going to transfer the money?
What are the rules for a top-up?
What do I do if I cannot access the app?
what is the conversion of $30 in canadian dollars
My refund has not shown up on my statement.
I'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date.
oops, i think that is not the correct response.
why do starving people keep having kids
PDA delete apples from my grocery list
DAY AFTE DAY TOMAROW WILL CONDUCT ALL MEETINGS
Why was a payment I made reverted?
Please cancel my next meeting
is there a travel alert for spain
How do I stop fraud to my card?
What's on your mind?
turn the vacuum on
hey siri my the lights a little warmer
How do I know which countries you provide service in?
What caused my transfer to fail?
Could you please help me figure out why the seller has not received their money after I sent it.
Do you limit my top-ups?
Someone stole my phone yesterday :( is there anything I need to do?
hey there
what is the time frame for transfers
search and play a radio station with news
Can I receive a refund for my item?
for how much is hp selling for
I got a €1 extra fee in my statement
I'm starting to think my card is lost because it still hasn't arrived, can you help?
what's the temperature today?
i did not catch that, repeat what you just said
Do you give refunds?
My google top-up pay is not going through
alexa What are AMD stock prices
Send complaint via tweet to J Crew.
i'd like my checks to be deposited into my account directly, how do i do that
is buying a light bulb on my reminders list
I tried to make a transfer and it didn't work.
How long does it take the train to get from here to the Met?
i want to buy a plane ticket to travel from miami to honolulu on the 29th of february i need a return flight on march 5th
For some reason, the money I added was returned.
Set 12 noon prayer for every friday
There is a pending payment on my account that is very strange. I don't remember making this and it won't go away. Can you help me figure this out?
it takes how long to get to mcdonald's in pomona
i want you check the last thing i said please.
what's traffic look like over the golden gate bridge
can you tell me if there are meeting rooms available between 1 and 4
can you turn off the lights
tell a joke
can you show me the dictionary definition of ajar
what is the definition of intelligent
I don't have my cell phone with me so I cannot access the system to complete the transaction.
fantastic.
what time is my flight scheduled to leave
My card doesn't seem to work anymore
could you say the last one spoken one more again.
how are the reviews for cracker barrel
i replaced my tires on may 2, so when should i replace them next
can i use my credit card points to make purchase
can you translate hi into spanish for me
set an alarm for five hundred and thirty
Tell me some funny joke to laugh
Who do I call to activate my new card?
remind me to meet joe for lunch tomorrow
i need to mute the speaker
Which ATM's am i able to change my PIN?
i need instructions on how to change my car's oil and what type i should buy
what is our purpose
how much is on my paycheck this week
Where do I find the auto top up option?
Search or any emails from work
Turn on the rice cooker socket
how do i make lasagna
Set a reminder in one hour for my bread to bake.
ah it's amazing, olly.
why did i get declined transfer
PDA, can you look up train ticket prices for me?
education
get me a car
search email for contact
What the highest likes on facebook?
Open TD Ameritrade
lower the lights in the house
erase any event on my calendar that's set for wednesday of next week
i am glad we got to talk again, see you soon
the answer to that is affirmative
can you recommend any restaurants
Is my child too young to sign up?
can i order checks online for my checking account
i need to confirm the reservation for frank at chili's
The following question asks you to analyze teacher goals and actions intended
Show me a traffic map from kamycka to dejvicka
tune news.
what's the minimum payment for my internet bill
order me a large ham and olive pizza from dominos
please switch off the light
What's the limit on total number of cards I can have?
is the timezone there different
Get an item refund
lower lights in my room
please will you further clarify me on that.
do i still have any pto days left, and if so, how many
Can I use a credit card from the US to top up?
Is there a fee for making a payment? If so, let me know why.
can you order me a pizza today from dominos
what's going on in new york
what genre is this
How old do we have to be?
do you have a funny joke for me
do a coin toss
what is the amount of time to keep milk refrigerated
Can i receive transfers from my employer this way?
i can not thank you enough
What is the reason I couldn't do a transfer to a beneficiary?
please play the song games by disturbed
delete all events in calendar
How do I go forth on transferring a sum of money from one account to another?
What is needed for identity verification?
Explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
Need to check my list
Is there a list of where I can use my card?
Send a giggle my way
show emails about contract
How do I fill out the identity check?
I can't transfer money from my account.
what is this extra charge for a withdrawal?
what is two hundred divided by ten
i want to eat something will you order food for me
put cancel abc on my calendar for next thursday
I thought transfers were free. Why was I charged to transfer?
who assembled you
tell me a dirty joke
Hi something is going on with the app.  I see some payments I didn't make?
Hi! What documents can I use to verify my identity?
what time do i have to pay z bill
Please put bread on the grocery list
My balance is not right. It has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
thanks but i think you have messed up.
life
get apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contacts
can you tell me what song this is
Clothing
i need to know more about my health plan
is it possible to add grapes to my shopping list if they aren't on there already
stop, i think that's not the correct command.
what should i do this weekend
how do i get to the mall
How can I make my card ready to use?
How do I know what my account is set to, I am paid in GBP?
I'm on holiday and I noticed a different amount for exchange rate.  Can you explain?
check and confirm my last question please.
I want a refund for my purchase
cancel my birthday party
tweet consumer service
hey send email to john
How did Michael Jackson die
Could you check the reminders and tell me what are pending?
set reminder for 4pm tomorrow
switch off all lights
Do I have to pick a creditcard brand?
thanks for helping out
i want to hear the radio
whats ten percent off forty dollars
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
PDA please check exchange rates
Why did I not get all the money that I asked for? I asked for all the cash in my my account, but I only got about half. Why is that??
Go to cnn.com
set alarm for morning 6
Its been 3 days, How long will my transfer take to get to my wallet?
How do I transfer cash my into my account?
help me, i forgot my pin number
Top up on my Google Pay isn't working.
tell me one more time please.
transfer seventeen dollars from rbs to woodforest account, please
olly please read me today's news
please turn off my smart plug socket
does pizza hut have delivery
Do I need to take an umbrella today?
how long has it been since i last took my car to the shop
What are the fees for top-ups?
you've done that right i appreciate it.
Create meeting with Paul tomorrow at 6 pm.
Where did my money come from?
can you again clarify what you've said please.
How do I get Top Up to work in Apple Pay?
Define economics
are the streets congested right now
is my reminder alarm set for dance class
show me share price of tata
My beneficiary is not allowed, please may I have answer as to why this is?
i would like to know more about getting a new credit card
Can you explain disposable cards?
Where can I go to get a virtual card?
search my calendar for birthday party
can i redeem my credit card on safeway
What's happening in my social media
what are some tourist sites to see in ann arbor
Hey, I tried to withdraw some cash earlier and it's saying it's pending? Will I be charged for this?
what is the time is central time zone
Was there an appointment set up for Saturday?
how do i apply for a new credit card
start me a new list
Cup of coffee please
tell me about mary s.
Turn my bathroom plug socket on.
how nutritious are cheerios
Olly, go to my gmail and click on compose. When finished, I will tell you what I want to write in the email.
i would like it to help with coding/debugging
my reservation for dinner needs to be canceled
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
please delete my morning alarm
are there meeting rooms available between 9-10
What is the current show with the maximum viewers choice on television
Hello, there seems to be a billing mistake associated with my account.  My app was charged $1 more than it should have.  Could you please explain why this may have happened?
how many personal days have i taken
My cheque is taking a while
I haven't received my card yet, how long does it normally take?
Are there a certain amount of transactions i can do with one disposable card?
olly i like you cancel it.
PLEASE TELL ME WHEN I CAN BECOME RICH IF I INVESTED IN DOW STOCKS TODAY AND WHAT WILL BE THE RETURN AFTER 5 YEARS.
where is your family from
can you check the expiration date for my amex card
I could only take the amount of money that was available to me which was less then I expected.
brad pitt
I want to replace my current PIN.
What do I need to do to verify my identity?
I tried to top up, but it didn't finish.
Is there a fee for a SEPA transfer
what movies are playing at theatres near me
Why hasn't the transaction I did to my friend arrive yet?
Repeat the e-mail for my brother.
Olly, open calendar and make an event reminder.
your answer is not so clear to me.
How do I top up?
turn down the lights to medium
add spent five dollars in my expenses list
let me know the list
is it six o clock yet
Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
ocean 11
Why was my Payment declined
Show me the lastest news from the UN.
How much does it cost to top up by card?
My product hasn't arrived even though I ordered it a while ago. I want a refund!
how long do we have to wait at the restaurant
Will you please help me get my card back?
I tried to pay through my account but the payment is not going through. What's going on?
What does it mean when a payment is pending?
please place my new email address to the contact
are there reservation for joe and will
start from my last session of joes book
How do I complete the ID check?
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to stop pending
could not understand that.
that is enough, just cancel it.
can you book a train ticket to berkeley for me
what's the song that we are listening at this moment
Hey Olly, I met one of my old classmates today.
Delete an last event reminder of 29/03/2017
choose music player
are you a member or the human race or are you a computer program
Please check my emails for me.
Does my top up and apple pay work together?
all lights has to be turned off during the day
what do i do to request a vacation
I can't hear you speak up.
Give me the recipe of steak
what are the show times of logan
stock price for apple
can you speak in french
is chase doing good
yes fantastic response.
deactivate smart plug socket
you have done command correcly.
get a forecast about wind speed tonight
the exchange rate at which my card payment is at is wrong
My disposable virtual card isn't working.
Save to contacts
how much can i get away with paying for my college loan
whats going on on fb
latest party events in city
add newscast time to daily schedule
I haven't received the cash from the check I deposited.
what are the pending reminder for today evening
I want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel.
i like you to confirm the details please.
I only own one other credit card from the USA. Will it be accepted?
what are the top 10 ways to build my credit score
Skip
did you get last thing said correctly?
I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet. How long do EU transfers actually take?
my new work schedule list
Tweet complaint to Pizza Hut
anything, olly.
Can I get a card in the US?
change the response language to french please
put volume setting on number 4
Check and tell me the address of My friend Alex
I want to get Visa and Mastercard
tweet complaint to consumer service
are there any events on my calendar for march 2nd
when is my cell phone due
i can't seem to track down my luggage
i want coffee everyday
I topped up but the app denied it
hmm, you do not get what i am searching for.
Can I have more than 2 disposable cards?
Why am I not allowed to verify my id?
where is my unknown payment from?
does pink have a new baby
i was unclear about your answer.
sorry but i think that's not the correct command.
please order take from jason's deli
what is a work phone number of Emilia?
it is great one, thank you.
how long until i receive my food
thank you ever so much for that!
show me a hotel that has good reviews in kansas city
I would like to reactivate a card and wondered if that could be done?
make me a reservation in tampa from may 2 to may 4
write an email about next week weather to my wife
s2, i am unclear about what you said.
can you check the tire pressure
turn up your volume
tell comcast I am still on hold
What is the price for a physical card?
do i have any appointments scheduled for march twenty four two thousand and seventeen
email the following message to this contact please
I'm being asked for a verification code. Where do I find it?
Show geographic location of pyramids
it was cool, i appreciate it.
whats up with you
where would i search for my location
I was wrongfully charged one pound.
delete item
i am wanting you to book me a flight from houston to miami on united airlines
Can you accept my other card from the U.S.?  It is the only other one I have.
Remove bananas from my shopping list
any one is fine with me.
I tried verifying my ID, but it won't let me.
I want to make an online purchase but I don't want to use my credit card. Can you tell me how a disposable virtual card works and where I can apply for one?
please tell me if there's been any word on my vacation request
Can my card be used everywhere?
What does celebrity do
Do I have new email from work since yesterday?
May I have another card?
ask my adviser
traffic please
What's the normal time frame for a transfer from a UK account? After just making a transfer it doesn't appear at all. I need to know if things went okay.
The correct amount of cash was not received.
what is the dress code for tonight
What needs to be done to activate and use a card?
what was that one more again.
i need for you to skip this song
when did last go to the auto repair shop
does it show me as having a reservation for tomorrow at 5
what kind of event is happening around me
remind me at location
i would like to hear the last one you said again.
i want some coffee now
play the next song please
Send an email to my family asking how they're doing
set the volume to 4 now
please transfer $x from checking to saving
Is there a fee for topping up by charge card?
i am not clear about last sentence.
Is the cash withdrawal going to show?
How do I get my card on the app?
There was a direct debit I don't recognize.
are any rooms free from 12 to 1
how do i get to the mall
can you speak faster please
Where is the transfer to my account that I made?
can you tell me what song i'm hearing
olly i like you just cancel.
Can I submit a check or cash payment?
Hi, I am unable to use my card in ATM. I had tried my card in two ATMs but both ATMs declined it. Could you please check my account?
I'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me. Help!
i need to pay the smallest amount on my phone bill
turn on the wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
later!
I was chased by a dog
Switch off the wemo plug
remove chips from my shopping list
could you please check and confirm my last command.
why do I need to show ID
can i request pto from march 9-16
jj.nzt@yahoo dot com
what are you hobbies
whatever would be good to me, olly.
ostensibly when is my flight going to land
set up notification for meeting
i'dl like to hear any classical except for bach or schubert
Play all by the Beatles
when does the next train travelling the the city leave here?
what was my recent transaction on my visa card
can you set an alarm
what is the rate for g. b. p. to u. s. d.
phone lobby
please try the last one you said once more.
How long will it take for my payment to go through?
I could not access my money at the ATM
Do a coffee for me please
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
searching for any special holidays for us country
Open Audible and continue playing the book that I was listening to.
PDA: When does the last  train to Clarksville leave?
please clear my calendar for tomorrow
have i set any alarm for today.
how many hours difference is there between london and new york
further clarify what you just said please.
make sure my to do list is completely clear please
what sorts of hobbies do you enjoy
Can I revive a physical card.
Hello,  I am a college student who I recently attended my high school reunion at a local restaurant. I paid with my credit card and now my transaction history reflects a second charge of the seemingly same payment. What could be the reason for this?  Is there any way to have the fraudulent  payment credited back onto my card?
Please stop my purchase.
I made a cash withdraw and it shows up as pending why is that?
My disposable virtual card has been rejected by the merchant earlier today. What should I do?
meeting this friday
make me an appointment for a tire check
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
can you eat sweet potato greens raw
My card hasn't arrived yet.
i was not so clear about your answers.
How to change the PIN on my card?
text mom where are you
i need my money to be moved
how busy is ihop at 5 pm
I made a transfer from my UK account a couple of hours ago.  Could you please make sure everything went alright.
what time does the train leave for chicago
you gave me not correct information.
when should i replace my tires if i replaced them last year
start up the coffee machine
make the coffee
trey needs my current location
what is a canadian dollar worth in the us
Book Uber for tonight at 7pm
tell me the carry-on restrictions for united airlines
back one episode
Send a reply to Robert for his email received today morning.
Where can the cards be delivered?
remind me to call my mom
this is a good song put it on repeat
what is the latest news from cbs
They charged me for paying with my card.
I need my account checked because it appears there is a problem. I attempted to update my balance yesterday using cheque but it doesn't seem to have worked.  Should this not be faster than this?
where is the nearest restaurant here?
open inbox
order the best priced general tofu in nyack
My card didn't go through.  It doesn't make sense.  You told me that everything was ok.
What does the €1 fee mean?
Book taxi for now
Do you offer any discounts for someone who exchanges currencies frequently?
yeah you've got your understanding correcly.
i need the temperature set at 70 f
block my chase account asap
hey olly on the twentieth clear my calendar
I just looked at my app and it seems I was charged extra, why is that?
when did i last get my car tuned up
which restaurant is there in shivaji nagar
play papa pear saga
when is my doctor's appointment
make a switch to whisper mode
Can I add money to my account via bank transfer?
play a song for me
do i own you
How many times can I use a disposable card?
if i may, i'd like to call you slave
what are the list of things i need to buy today
that's all, just cancel it.
I want to activate my card, how do I do it?
any new email since last time
markets near by
don't really bother, olly.
where does fred work
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
Last week I put a cash deposit into my account and it is still isn't there.
do you identify as a human or computer
what are some things you like to do
is my schedule full for tomorrow from eight am to two pm
get the roomba to clean up
CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW TO TRANSFER MONEY INTO MY  ACCOUNT FOR ME?
not sure, maybe
What other credit cards can I use?
i am sorry but i think you messed up.
ai, routing number for my wells fargo checking
What do you do all day?
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
could you check my last question.
stop wake up calls for this week
book me a taxi from castle street to airport
find the list
Do I have any meetings on Friday's afternoon?
state recent transaction
Is their a fee for top ups?
please tell me if there are meeting rooms available between 9:00 am and 11:00 am
what is 592 minus 124
speak faster
I tried to transfer money but it didn't go through
Search for more songs from the band
change your name setting to plato
has my vacation request been approved
how to cook this food
Go to Pandora, find 21 pilots radio, play please
are there any cultural activities happening in newyork
I topped up by card a while ago and it's still pending, surely it should be done by now?
i want to see the previous episode
Play electronic dance music after this one
How long will my payment be pending?
Tell me about Michael Jackson
you've done that right, olly.
What currencies do you offer?
I'm just wondering when my card will get here.
how do i look up my credit score
I have been charged way to much so something is apparently wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds.
send a tweet to national grid
tell me the time in Canberra
olly please will you shut up.
false for sure
How can I prove I am me?
make a call to
tell me what to make for dinner
Can you delete the next event?
pair with my smart phone
please let me know why my card was declined yesterday
how many calories are in a piece of bacon
increase the speaker volume please
I wanted to top up my account and it doesn't look like it worked
please play some jazz music
ask if deliver
I need to order a new card as my old one will expire soon. Can you tell me how to order a new one?
How do I top up? Can I use my apple watch?
shut down the plug
Conduct meeting on Thursday
i'm unaware of that
please let me know where david is travelling
wait, you've understood me not right.
My card got stolen!
set a classic music
clean the sofa with the vacuum cleaner
How will be today for me
Can you tell me how to tell where my funds come from?
it is a true
cut off noise
My top up is pending still
purchase a flight from boise to sacramento on sunday and returning on wednesday
write email to family member and read it back
is the tofu i put in the fridge tuesday still edible today
if it is noon in virginia what time is it in california
Remember that I do not like this music.
for god sake, just delete my account i am sick of this
how many minutes are involved in the preparation of curry
find me the closest public bathroom
Want to play a game with me?
What can I cook with broccoli and chicken?
Please help me as i am continuously facing the issue in transferring money to my friends, as all my transactions are getting failed.
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal is pending?
I needed cash from the ATM but I couldn't get it.
i must know what the traffic typically like at 3:30 on the route to phoenix
Where do I go for a refund?
how many degrees is it in orange tx right now
find me the best knock knock joke on the internet
what is the max credit limit for my card
There is a fraudulent charge on my statement.
I suspect someone used my card.
oops, you're not correct.
I think something went wrong with my exchange between Russian Ruble and UK pounds. I was overcharged during the swap.
will you confirm it.
tell me my credit rating
that's good one, olly.
can you recommend for me a dish from ethiopia
could you speak louder
There has been a charge pending on my account statement that I can't figue out it's for a dollar.
what's the amount of my income
can you book me a place to stay in denver from wednesday to friday
i am sorry but i think got me not right.
i am sorry but i think that's not the correct response.
any funny jokes
what is the balance in my pnc account
Tell me my lists.
Can I use my card to withdraw from my account?
help me flip a coin
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train
set brightness to fifty percent
I bought something online a week ago and i never got it in the mail.Can I just get my money back now I don't want to keep waiting on something that isn't going to show up.
confirm a reservation for nicole brown at diangelo's at 6:45 pm, please
what's this song
Can a card stop working?
currently what is the exchange rate between dinar and pound
that is enough, just stop it.
i think someone's using my visa card without my permission
how can i transfer money from american express card
have i received any mentions on twitter
I want tickets to the sold out concert on Saturday night
what is latin for i love you
where is the Grand Canyon
How can I go to Rome by train on Wednesday next week?
how much air is in my tires
i have how many vacation days left this year
what is happening near me
I want to end my account
I need to be made aware when I am being charged an extra amount for payments please. I looked over the app earlier and noticed an additional feel related to one of the payments. I was not warned about this before.
if i want to travel to mexico do i need to get a visa
I bought something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
how is everything going for you
Why is this beneficiary being rejected?
am i in charge of you
strongly agreed.
you can just speak to me as jim
Can I get support?
what's new in facebook
Olly, be funny for me.
cook some coffees
how do i change my pin for number for my abc bank account
turn up the sound
just one more time
i would not mind to select any one.
Can i set up an auto top-up?
I am not in the UK can i get a card?
clear all events on my calendar
I was using foreign currency at an ATM, but the rate was typed in wrong.
What groups are listed in my contacts?
What's up in the nieghbourhood?
What is 1USD in Francs
please make ke a coffee
how many weeks of vacation time have i earned
can you talk more slowly
Would I be able to use SWIFT transfers?
How is traffic on the highway?
ticket for NY
i need a table for 3 at olive garden for 7
how many yen for each dollar
what is the sum of 9 and 12
how long can i expect a bus ride to the liberty bell to take
could you check what just said.
what's my air pressure right now
Start playing podcast about books.
what is the time difference between here and japan
Can my account be topped up by my friends?
i want to be switched back to my factory settings
what is the square root of nine
what's delta's carry on policy
i would like to know the route the train will go to get to miami
what's my visa limit
resume harry potter book 4
I got charged twice for the same payment. Please removed the pending payment. Thank you.
what is my card's apr
which are well reviewed movies by emma watson
what timezone would i be in if i traveled to moscow
is it cold weather there?
false
I requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when I check my statements it doesn't show up. Can you help me get my refund.
An ATM swallowed my credit card!
I was charged for getting cash.
show me how to cook a recipe
calculate the limit i have available for spending on my natwest card
my card fell out of my wallet and i ran over it so it does not work
when was the last time i got paid
what is the definition of problematic
is it hot outside
My account was charged a fee. When did you start charging extra for card payments?
i am sorry but you have that not right.
send chris a text message that says stop for milk on your way home
How is a typhoon defined?
how much time did i take off so far
The app reverted my recent payment
please check the door to see who is there
what will the weather be like
I tried to get money out of an ATM in Notting Hill earlier, but it didn't work. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
Do I have a doctors appointment today?
are there any open reservations at outback tonight
find out why my card was declined
Make some coffee.
please check the exchange rates of the us dollar vs the euro
i did not want you to send that text yet wait until i say send
Is there a charge or discount if I use a European bank in a top up?
set mute mode for one hour
Play songs by the band The Beatles
what was the last thing my mom said
Book for me an Uber taxi to Bardonia
is it free to add money to my card
My transfer to an account failed.
i need an uber with a car seat for 2 adults and one child to take us to wilmington, de
actually, cancel that command
any events this weekend in pondichery
What's going on with my card? I've tried multiple times and it never goes through.
on what date does my visa card expires
appreciate the asssistance.
Mute the settings
use a male voice now
what is twenty percent of one hundred and fifty
I live in Germany. Is that one of the countries you are in? What other countries are you in?
i don't mind to select any one.
What is the latest story from Fox News.
on my big project task list please add paint shutters in spring
Can you tell me if there are limits to disposable virtual cards?
what mpg does my car get
can you call an uber for me
Start me a new list.
Hello there, I tried using crypto top up today but it's not working for me, might it be due to the kind of bank I'm using or the country that I'm from?Money is also missing from my account
for the calendar, on february 8 add moms birthday
yeap you've understood my instructions right.
give me a news paper
where were you born as a kid
what day of the week is novmber 14th
please will you just cancel.
could you speak faster
please take final exams off my calendar for may 3
do we have good news in the form of vacation approval
change to a male british accent
please tell me what the next holiday is
IM still waiting for my account to update from a cash deposit?
snapchat
i think bradley is a better name for you
when must i get my tires changed
tell me the exact arrival time of train from newcastle to edinburgh
please read back to me my to do list
what's the current time, please
My phone was stolen, what can I do?
My mother needs the weekly weather sent to her.
can you book me a train ticket to bombay for tomorrow in any train
Send me a reminder of my meeting with Tom next Friday
Delete alarm.
A random charge got added to my card
are butter and oil interchangable
what's happening in my town
Delete item 4
Tell a joke.
can you limit my top up?
do i have any remainders for today
Turn on the tunes.
is traffic heavy on route eighty today
what is the square root of thirty four
i need to get to bristol Friday night can you book me a ticket please
Do I have meeting with Steve this week?
Hi. About two hours ago I made a transfer from my bank which is in the UK, but I don't see it yet! Would you check what's going on with it, please?
check the question please.
what travel alerts are in effect for the us
play episode ten in the podcast
dance with me!
There is a  €1 fee on my account I didn't authorize
save all songs from katy perry
can you tell me fun facts about lighthouses
I have an emergency and lost my phone.  I need help accessing my account.
i am thinking it is either
rm rf calendar
Is a physical card also available
i am not confident on that
call for takeout
Please play my best music
make that song play next up
How long does it take for money to transfer?  I sent some to a friend and it hasn't gone through yet.
i want to be reminded to pay the electric bill
will you say the last phrase said one more time please.
i need to add dusting the bookshelf to my to do list
please could you check and confirm my last instruction.
where is tuesday's morning meeting
What kind of foreign exchange rate will I get when I exchange my money?
Why is it saying I have a pending payment?
that was awesome, i appreciate it.
can i use my app to get a virtual card
what is three quarters of one sixth
can you tell me how much i need to pay on my bills this month
s2, your answer was not so clear to me.
Why is the exchange rate different on my recent purchase?
I have a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
I made a purchase but the exchange rate is wrong?
I would like to get a Visa card
Tell me the best recipes for a given dish.
What fees to you have for top ups?
add this email to my contact list
i like red colour for my home change it
Is there any documentation needed for the identity check?
details on person
If I were to do a transfer, what is the rate for that?
i wanna book a place to stay in phoenix from the 5th to the 9th of march
How long will my cash withdrawal take
Can you tell me which cards and currencies are supported?
Delete my meeting for tomorrow.
what do my vacation days amount to
I sent a transfer and it has been pending for awhile. How long will it stay pending?
can you tell me about your hobbies
shadi special podcast,play it.
how long can i expect to keep steak in the freezer
can i know what type of things you can help me with
where should we eat tonight
i think olly's command was wrong.
Just let me know the important work interviews in the next two days
what is 90908 divided by 30890
what kind of cloth eastern people wear
I can't find the PIN.
play for me the game star wars
switch off the light
how much is my amex's apr
Someone has a copy of my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Help me.
Tell a joke that puts smile on my face
I think I got charged twice for the same thing
Do I have an option between Visa and MasterCard?
Will my GPB update my salary
please flip the coin over ai
what does it take to make buttermilk pancakes
change lights to blue
I was wondering, Can I get my pay in another currency?
Don't talk until I ask you to
What does hypocrisy mean
find twitter handle of tom cruise
What is with the need to have all my ID information?
can you flip a coin i pick heads
does pho king in ceres take reservations
let's hear the definition of iridium
you've gotten it exactly.
speak quiet as though you were in a church
What extra charges are there?
i need help finding the auto top up option.
need to verify source of funds
Switch the smart plug socket.
when must i change the oil in my car
How do I activate and link my new card?
you did good job, thanks.
could not get that.
get contact
What is the current stock price for Hasbro?
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY COMPUTERS
Did Dan send me any emails?
turn up speakers
please play me the song that starts out with doo doo doo
My transaction needs to be canceled.
Where can I deposit cash to top up?
can you describe your hobbies to me
start my most recently played podcast
have a moan at easyjet
play radio station
At what time does the next train leave for Berlin?
what the euro to dollar exchange rate today
How is the weather in 57701?
What is the youngest age for an account?
new item for list
i want a coin flip
find the nearest taxi
Why is my last cheque deposit taking so long?
Can i make back home without a traffic jam.
I am being charged the wrong amount on my card.
How can I exchange currencies in the app?
Recipe for crabmeat
help me find somewhere to schedule a check up on my car's tires
i would like thai food
are you able to flip a two sided coin
i really must know when should i get my oil changed next
My disposable virtual card has been rejected by the merchant earlier today. What should I do?
Bring up a complaint form.
has the apr on my card changed and what is it now
Alexa, book me a train ticket for this afternoon to Chicago.
it's good work, i appreciate it.
in what format did you save my name
how much gas do i currently have
Switch off main light
stop it now!
Are there limits as to where my card will be accepted?
my card was stolen, how do i report this
What currency does Croatia use
How much does a transfer cost?
there's a hold on my chase account, but why
What should I do to top up using my Apple Watch?
are there any special events in my town
look up the gas mileage for my vehicle
Hello I am unable to exchange the crypto currency through the app, i am very keen to buy. Please let me know the issue.    interested buying crypto currency but i am unable to purchase it through the application,i do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
Has Mary posted anything to facebook today?
Where's my card PIN?
Show geographic location of pyramids
please book me an uber and enter destination penn station, new york
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
where is the nearest train to me
list the things i wanted to remember
Please play Thriller.
I think I ran out of this can you add it to my list?
set a alarm for the day
what's the recommended cooking time for steak
display address of john
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with my card?
can you define the word schadenfreude
your name is roman
do you have the date
My statement indicates I made a payment to an unfamiliar merchant.
When will my alarm go off in the morning?
turn my plug on
Suddenly, my card won't work.
I keep being asked to verify my identity. Is this normal?
Tell me Lexmark's current stock price.
can we put sunscreen on my list for shopping
What do I need to verify my identity
mute the settings
How to edit personal details?
do i still owe any bills
tell me what day today is
how is traffic on the highway
can you find me an uber and have it here at 7pm
Where is the nearest gas station?
you need to call the melt in lakewood for a table for at 2:00, monday, the first week in march
i want to be called by mary
i wanna know some things to do in phoenix
announce a comment in facebook
Is it true the hanging tree really had someone hung from it?
it should spices
is being alive the meaning of life
Read me a news article about Jeff Sessions.
Can you increase the brightness in the room?
lower the intensity of light
start a game and play with me
I need a taxi to take me to the airport Please.
how is my order doing right now
The machine didn't work earlier when I went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress.Why?
How do I get a card in the EU?
can you please confirm last thing i said.
please would you tell me one more time.
could you connect with my phone, please
Am I allowed to use any card to make a payment?
find a taxi service close to me
I want to hear purple haze
Brew me a cup of coffee
describe me about the new cleaner ,how it works
Alexa add toothpaste to my shopping list.
Why did I get a fee?
What currences are available for exchange?
I no longer want to keep this account.
quiet now
olly can you shut up.
Can I cancel a transfer I made
Where can I get a card in the EU?
Events near me
send tweet to wallmart
Skip this podcast
it's useful, thank you.
where is statue of liberty?
ai, flip a coin for me
what is the exact date of your birth
why did my account decline a incoming transfer
what is the date in 5 days
How can I transfer money from an outside bank?
how many e's are in sesame
how many days until my next payday
Let's play never have I ever.
who takes less of duration of time for delivery
near by super market
My cash withdrawal was declined, why?
hush
Please mute my speaker.
find tacos near my home
After trying to update my account balance yesterday by cheque it doesn't seem to working. Shouldn't the process be quicker? I need my account looked at because there appears to be a problem.
Check emails, new
Help me use American Express to add money to the account.
i would like you to think of yourself as machine and answer when i say your name as such
My card payment is showing pending however this transaction was a couple of days ago. Is there a reason why it it still pending?
how does production and population affects us
i need a gold class ticket on train number five using my credit card
can you confirm my reservation for minnis at 4:00
OLLY, LET'S EMAIL SANDY
Olly, can we listen to Reply All podcast
Can i get a single use virtual card
may i know the traffic situation
what have i got going on between three and four pm today
mute the speaker please
My top-up was reverted, why did this happen?
will you explain me about the last sentence further please.
The ATM took my card.
my cash withdrawal is pending, why?
oil type and do it yourself oil change information please
Please play workout playlist.
what do i need to do to get that tax form thing from my job
Have I got new content in my twitter feed
how do i get my credit limit increased to $1000
email hwu@gmail dot com add to email contacts
My transaction was just declined when I was using my disposable virtual card. What can I do?
how is the traffic like on my way to fairfield
did you hear back about my day off request
Play Coldplay album
correct response to the command.
what is the time in geneva
alexa play classic rock
I'd like to use my American Express to place money into my account.
Where is located the biggest waterfall in the world?
What do I do if my card was stolen.
What is the exchange rate between $500 USD I'm fraancs?
when were you made
How do I exchange currencies using the app?
Set a new PIN please.
olly can you shut down.
what is two plus two
speak once again please.
please create a new list for me
you are awesome, thank you, olly.
What time is it in in California?
Why is there a fee for getting cash?
turn the light off in the living room
Where do I order a disposable virtual card?
Opinion save
Why is my top-up still outstanding?
give me the definition of the word fondle
Please respond.
How many tornadoes have there been this month?
Can I link my new card?
let us try your last sentence once more please.
where is the nearest olive garden
Current trends in tecnology.
order two medium cheese and one medium pepperoni pizza from dominoes
tell me what is on my calendar for tomorrow
what song am i listening to
open sirius app and play the classical channel
tell about the latest world news
Erase my grocery list.
Delete my account now please.
give me a rundown of the weather
iterate the items on my todo list
what's the timezone now in hiram
Google let me know when anything news about Trump.
I lost my phone! Will my card still work?
remove milk and add eggs to my shopping list
are there any sushi restaurants in reno that have good reviews
solution for eighty one divided by nine
play audio
hey read any email to me
Is there a fee for transferring money
please delete my next calendar event
what kind of gas mileage do i get
play i spy with me
oh that's good, olly.
what is life's meaning
play radio station
what steps do i need to follow to change the oil in my car
is there a train from philadelphia to new york city at noon
I thought transfers were free of charge.  I bought something abroad and got charged a ridiculous fee. How do I get this problem fixed.
what time should i cook noodles for
What steps do I have to go through in order to activate my new card?
How come I did not get a virtual card yet?
what's the stock of apple
i must get a hotel in phoenix near chase field from january 4th to the 8th
I would like to activate my card to use now, can you help me?
turn off the smart socket
can you tell me how long approximate wait times are at cheesecake factory
What is the length of time for money to reach the account?
What places will accept my card?
Olly, Open 'The Two Towers'
Talk with me only in riddles.
Can you check the exchange rate on a cash transaction I did overseas
Show me the alarms I've set.
please rectify the command.
Where do I find the top-up verification code?
how soon will my card arrive?
can you please switch off the lights
convert 23:30 from GMT +4:30 to GMT -2:00
what is the birthday of hemingway
what is the apr on my master card
Make a calender note 'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25.
open gallery post picture name
give me an exact date of when i took my car to the mechanic
what's the process for rolling over my 401k
tell me the pin number for my checking account
what are the next three alarms set to go off
how much is my electricity bill costing me
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
Can you convert to EUR?
Enter 1pm meeting today with Joe Smith on my calendar
uhh no, i think not right response.
can I be charged for topping up by card
when is easter in the year two thousand and eighteen
that's enough, stop.
are you real
My account is blocked because I entered the wrong pin too many times.  Help me unblock.
i need to get to a church immediately, please take me to one!
which week is twenty third
ask a shopping malls in my area
do i have to have a visa to go to the cayman islands
what does post rush hour traffic generally look like heading into the lincoln tunnel in manhattan from new jersey
what are my reminders today
resume audiobook playback
Olly speak loudly
If I want my son to have his own account is that possible?
I want to add money automatically when I travel.
can i substitute salt for pepper
tell how many a's are in the word happiness
what is the day on twenty third march
if there any alarm is set then let me know
Remind me about my alarms today.
you've done it right thanks.
rock
that's helpful, thank you very much.
What countries do you support?
What do I do if I still have not received my new card?
what could i do for fun in kentucky
Add the song to my favorites
can i get you to say that once more
i need to know if i could substitute apple sauce with eggs
what song is playing right now
why are whales big
wine shop
add new email to my contacts. XXXXX@gmail.com
How long does it take to receive my card?
what is the air pressure of my tires
please order one train ticket to los angeles
what time is it in a city
why in the world am i locked out of my bank account
Do I have any new email from Joe?
and what are the taxes
remove the list of person starting from letter m in my contact list
Email to Caroline: How are you? Can you send me updates on last project. Cheers Tomasz
can you disconnect from my phone
wake me up in thirty minutes
Are there any events going on at the library this week?
I can not find my refund.
shit, i think you have done a task all in wrong manner.
What is the necessity of verifying the top up?
best restaurant in local area
s2, i am unclear about what you just said.
am i busy on Wednesday evening
Does Charley's Steakhouse deliver?
set alarm for this event reminder repeating for ten times
add a meeting with tom at 6pm
I need to change my data.
What will be the weather this week?
Pay for train ticket
Why was there a fee for my cash withdrawal?
shit, i didn't ask for this.
What is maximum top up?
you helped a lot, appreciated.
Can you elaborate on why I have an extra charge just for transferring?
Why did my transfer decline
what kind of gas can i put into this car
delete this item
domino's delivery status
how are the reviews for tacos at the buffet
How can I activate my card>
how long does it take to reflect in my balance a top up
open chess app and begin game
check my last instruction please.
Annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food.
what is the wait supposed to be at zippys
I don't think the exchange rate was right.
How long do transfers take to show up in my account?
What should I do if my phone is lost or stolen?
did you get my last question correctly?
give the time in Dubai
Why did the transfer fail when I attempted to do it earlier?
How does the exchange rate work on this app?
How do I update my details?
Why does the ATM continually decline my card? I've tried multiple times on different machines with the same results. I thought I had enough funds for this, so please help me understand why this is happening.
Mary's contact number
now i need to write an email to my colleague
How did you guys get your exchange rate?
What ATMs can I use my card?
set alarm to begin
can you add apples to my shopping list if they aren't already on there
what are all the things on the shopping list
find new email
Is top-up possible with Apple Pay?
popular culture news
what do you think i'm called
How do I get a refund for an item I bought?
Are there any alarms
can you get me train ticket prices please
How to receive transfers from my employer when I get paid in GBP?
find updates from vicki's facebook from mardi gras day
what day is our next free day on the calendar, please
Weight loss
I tried to do a transfer but I got a message that it was declined.
turn on socket
i need to know what the point of life is
I am entering my passcode but getting an error.
how old are kim kardashian's children
what's a highly rated place for steak in omaha
what's the least amount i can pay on this bill
would you please shut down.
does the nearby pizza hut deliver in my area
What does the hyphen represent in the equation?
World War II
Why was I double charged?
tweet consumer service
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times with this card and it is just not working.
Other songs by this artist
whats the latest on flight dl123
i would like to book a place to stay in phoenix from the 5th to the 9th of march
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
How do I find the code needed in order to verify my top-up card?
MAKE A NOTE THAT I NEED TO CALL JANE LATER
tell me where i can find my exterminator bill's due date
What currences are available for exchange?
remind me the upcoming meeting at four am today
i need to request pto for march 2 and 3
make light color red
If it could make phone calls for you and say whatever it is you may text someone since not everyone is text savy
replace color from light to dark
can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti
you've done the command right.
how strong is the dollar compared to the peso
what types of things do you like to do in your spare time
where do i go to get private client account's interest rate
Please check and let me know why my transfers are getting declined.
help me locate my credit score
i need to know the carry on policy for american airlines flights
How much does each transfer cost?
tweet your waiting time sucks tag koc
is the mail from chris about work?
I tried to use my card to withdrawal money from the ATM in Notting Hill but it didn't work. This is the first time I've tried using it. Is my card working?
PDA is it a good day to go to the beach
uhh no, i did not say this.
i can't understand you because of how rapidly you're speaking
i would like to hear what ideas you have about making dinner tonight
please check and confirm the last thing said.
i am in need of my w2 for tax reasons; provide me where to get it
i don't know for sure
increase volume please
what is the name of the artist that created this song
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with card?
What should I do if I think my card was stolen?
what is break a leg mean
Can I top-up automatically?
play music for me
bing up my list
We want to start a college fund for my daughter.
What is 6-4?
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
TODAY IS MONDAY, IS IT ?
look out for customer complaint cell and use the options
i need a credit raise by 1000 dollars
will you please rephrase me further on that.
I have been charged twice for the same thing!
how many days of vacation do i have saved
Awards won by Michael Jackson
how do i set up direct deposit to my bank of hawaii account
where can i find my rewards for my chase card
it is unimportant for me.
what's time
what year is it
silence for certain amount of hours
i need you to block my chase account immediately
good seeing you
what events are going in my town this week
i need to know the routing number for my checking
tell me the bill's minimum payment
call taxi
Start reading 50 Shades of Grey from Chapter 4.
Find shoe shopping near my home.
flip the wemo on
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
The app is not able to realize that it is me.
I'm going to be away for awhile, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
Please post Happy Birthday USA on Facebook.
please go ahead and increase your speaker volume
I recently purchased something and the seller says my money has not arrived yet. It was in EU's. How long does this take?
turn out the lights
sorry but i think it's not the correct command.
can you read my reminder list, please
Why isn't my id verified?
Can I top up my account with a check?
jlo fan updates
i know it could be either one
s2, i am unclear about it.
remove the grocery list
since i got a new job, i need help with my 401k rollover
this was not what i am searching for.
Why do I have a strange payment on my statement?
transaction failed?
where can i get my w2 forms from
show me the picture of the singer
Where can I reset the passcode?
Can I have a duplicate second card?
what interest rate am i getting from citigroup
what will the weather be like on saturday
thank you very much
can you tell me when my flight is going to board
what is the apr on my chase card
what funny jokes do you know
I would like to retract my purchase.
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, but the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
give liz a call
The weather predictions you gave me are for the wrong city, I want to know the temperature where I am at.
power up the vacuum
what is jimmy johns's corporate number
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
What is the biggest city in the world?
how is the current traffic between
calender says tomorrow is
Turn off the light in the leaving room.
how long before my lawn guy bill's due
then tap OK.
I'd rather get a Mastercard
Heading to gym..please post to Facebook.
definition of anachronism
Where can I go tonight?
what's bank of america's routing number
info on lisa ann please
set a new event
PDA: Throw away my to-do list please
is there an uber that drives to the bank on 5th that can hold 3 people
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
when was my car last repaired
where can I get organic wheat
I don't like your company. Delete my account.
How are currencies exchanged?
make my lights blue
tell me a joke about baseball
Can you please explain why I was charged an extra fee for my transfer?
The top-up card is verified how?
Do they have takeout?
did i include butter in my shopping list
Today I noticed a charge for an ATM withdrawal on my account. Can you please fix this? It's supposed to be no charge.
Which fiat currencies are supported by you?
s2, could not get what you have said.
Should I order a new card before I freeze my original one?
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
Email John saying I'm on Leave
what is on my shopping list today
I bought an item and the exchange rate was wrong.
any news on my vacation
Remind me when it is lunchtime.
Can you tell me where I can order a disposable virtual card?
i do not really know, olly.
My card's frozen, what can I do?
move to next section
What are the chances of the stock market closing below the 200 moving average in the next 14 days
yeap fantastic response.
what do you i need to make pizza dough
send a text to alice
I need to put together a todo list for work.
what day of the week is my birthday this year
does vocelli's do takeaway
Send a batch of emails to my family
what is the current state of brexit negotiations
What is the cost for currency exchanges?
add to my groceries
would you say that once more please.
Can you please assist on my item that needs to be refunded?
i ruined my card when it got washed
can i increase the credit limit for my usaa card
let's roll some dice
Can you help me activate my card
reserve a table for two for 7:30 pm at dibruno's under patrick donoghue
I would be happy if you update me the events going on our area
what are the best places to get shrimp in chicago
resume playing you are joking mr feynman
is there a fee if i use my card in france
where i can find a bakery
what is the plan for tonight
What is the current temperature in Austin, TX?
would you check the details please.
Why hasn't my transfer gone through yet?
iterate over the items on my grocery list
it is of no importance to me.
show me some things to do in gatlinburg
I have foreign currency i would like to change how much will it cost me?
is there a connecting train from london to paris and what time
Card refund is not showing up in my statement.
three times two equals six
how many hours difference is there between london and new york
what is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro
Turn this room's light off
the transfer to an account wasn't allowed is there any other way for me to do it
explain to me how to rollover my 401k
shit, that's not what i was searching for.
reply to johns email
Can I re-link a lost card with the app?
get me some food
what is i. b. m.'s stock worth
how much as my taxes by the way
How do I exchange AUD for GBP?
what mexican restaurant within 5 miles has the best reviews
Please send a taxi to my house
Tell me a joke about aliens.
Will my card be here soon?
can you do me a favor my eyes are feeling strained on these lights can you please change it to a cooler tone
I am interested in cancelling a purchase
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
I don't have my cell phone with me so I cannot access the system to complete the transaction.
What are all of the different steps for identity checks?
what percentage of my income is taken out for taxes
How do I make my card show up in the app?
What is the probability of rain today night
I need to modify my details.
i need to rent a car kfor one week in ocean city, nj so who has the best deal
give me a reminder at 8pm for the game
resume story
rahul marriage reminder
please send ten dollars from bank of america to capital one
Find me the recipe for beef stroganoff.
My virtual car is not working.
How long does a transfer take to be confirmed?
How do I reverse a transaction on my account?
should i watch this movie
Please lower the speaker volume.
There is a direct debit payment on my account that I didn't authorize.
what date will my replacement card arrive on
jane doe emails
switch lights to dim red
thanks!
There must be an issue, why has my card been cancelled?
Has the weather changed for Wednesday at all?
My phone was stolen yesterday, can you help me with this?
There is a suspicious direct debit payment.
i'd like to increase my credit spending limit to 500 dollars
Olly how do I make Lobster bisque
check to confirm my reservation for february 22 at noon
Can my daughter also have a card issued in her name, but linked to my account?
Can I top-up any amount?
can i call you arnold instead
A direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
louder please
Olly what's my agenda for the remainder of the week
can you give me the time in new delhi
What is your currency exchange fee?
where did your mom have you
Play Joy Division.
did trey sand any messages?
My bag was stolen from me yesterday, so I can't use any apps or anything. I need some help.
it doesn't matter for me.
what do you purchase to put in a shepherd's pie
i want to order chinese takeout
start cleaning robot cleaner
what is ten divided by five
throw a coin in the air
can you send me a new credit card please mine is getting old and unusable
I want to get a Visa
What will I need to verify my identity
i would like you to put a stop on my bank account
please mark the wemo socket to off
My payment was stopped
What cards and currencies will suffice?
create an alarm for 6am
is there a food festival in the area
I made a purchase earlier today but it is still listed as pending- when will it go through?
erase that from my calendar
Creat a list
i would like to listen to howard stern on ninety seven point nine fm
show up the events for me today.
set up direct deposit for me
I was given the wrong exchange rate when getting cash
I want to hear some Jazz.
what do you feel like doing
pull up my grocery transactions
Why is my transfer still pending?
mute immediately
notify my bank i am travailing from denver to la
What kind of cards are supported?  What currency?
please will you just cancel.
Show me the time in New York City.
i am sorry but it's not the right command.
when will my chinese food arrive
olly i will talk to you later on.
Can I top up my account with Google Pay?
i need to know about the height of mount everest
Tell me if I can travel the whole world in a day
how do i change the speed of your voice
What was the content of message sent by Matt?
get me takeaway food
The exchange rate would be?
could you let me know how old you are
I used my card to top up, but now I don't see the money in my account.
What is email id of John.
what time is it in california
complaint to consumer service tweeter
can you help me figure out the process of rolling over a 401k
what is the meaning of word alliance
loop this track
How do I duct tape a goose.to a.pig?
Start my robot vacuum cleaner
send email to robert, what time is dinner
thats the date
Is there something wrong with my card payment? It's been pending a really, really long time.
can you find me a recipe for honey ham
siri find train tickets to nc
how much do i need to pay in tax
order two cheeseburgers from wings n. ale on university drive
can i get you to change your language setting to russian
i'd like a cappuccino please
how much money have i spent this month
Hi, My card is getting declined continuously when i am trying to top-up. Request you to look into this issue or tell me any other alternatives.
are you human
the next time it rains, remind me to close the windows
euro to u. s. d.
My card couldn't complete a transfer, why?
i am not clear about your words.
please turn off the smart socket
what is the weather in tokyo
Go forward one episode.
How long will my cash withdrawal take
can i take food home here
how long will steaks last in the freezer
The app is saying I made a withdrawl but I didn't.
yeap you got your understanding right.
set me an alarm right now
shit, i didn't ask for this.
Compile favorites list according to my song feedback
if i bought new tires on may 27th, should i still need new ones
please tell me how to get a new credit card
where would my phone be
list events nearby new york
would you again rephrase me on your words please.
Olly make my usual
are you made in the usa
calculate the travel time if i go to orlando by train
Please play Leviathan
Check definition of capricious.
please tell me my meeting schedule
please explain space
the song in background is cool
all right
what do i owe the government on my taxes
im going to be in canada from august 10th until august 12th
what would i need if i wanted to make chicken marsala
Can I add money to my card automatically during a trip?
is my order ready
I need a reminder alarm at 1:00p.
show me the places where i was
where do people shop for clothes here
Please change the house lights to blue
what's the balance on my bills
what's 32 degrees fahrenheit in celsisus
How do I make a currency exchange?
My card isn't working
i want you to confirm it please.
I have a strange transaction for £1 on my statement, what is that?
please lower the lights a little bit
Do I get charged if I get money?
Please skip to the next song
Am I able to change my PIN at any cash machines?
What is maximum top up?
what are the gps coordinates of this spot i am at right now
taxi now
They used the wrong rate when I made a purchase with foreign currency.
Olly, make me some coffee.
Where's the money I transferred into my account?
would you stop it.
I have a second credit card from the US. Will you take it?
who sang the song that is currently playing
please play football with me
will i be able to get a seat at 5pm
Where is my food
When I attempted to make a transfer, it failed.
read my reminder list to me
I just looked over my statement and I don't recognize the name of a card payment.
i think this was not the correct answer.
i would like to know my debit card's rewards balance
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card yet?
my card is wrecked, let's report it
rent a car for 3/1 through 3/3 in boston; i'd prefer an suv
i like you confirm my last command please.
Change light whenever I find myself in my house
what is the conversion for pints to quarts
After depositing a cheque my balance did not change.
I would like to transfer money from my other bank account into this one.
what's the best podcast
how much traffic is there right now in bowery street
that would be "no
pause
no, that's not it
give me the info of when our next day off is
Play Spotify
Do you happen to do exchanges of EUR?
i did not quite catch up with you.
My cash withdrawl was declined why?
I need assistance addressing a direct debit that I did not do myself.
Start the most recent episode of my true crime podcast.
two thousand and seventeen movies
i need to report my card as stolen, please
Can I change my name?  I am not married.
Ok Google, where's the best and most affordable place to stay in San Diego
come again with that
Google stock price
Make me a cup of coffee, please.
erase all events on friday from my calendar
I attempted to complete a topup, and I thought all was well, but now the money is gone again. Has there been a glitch?
Please turn on the music player.
What do I do if my virtual card won't work.
Is the identity check part of bank policy?
What on earth is up with the exchange rate! This should have been a much higher amount of cash
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
Activate my card
i would like to apply for a bank of america travel rewards credit card
can you tell me when my electric bill is due
add soda on my shopping list and remove carrots
how many calories did i burn with my fifty minutes of yoga
Tell me how a top up would be reverted.
How do I add the card I just received to show up in the app?
i need to know the status of my alaska air flight
do i have any remainder next sunday
when is next month's cable bill due
play from my last session of joes book
What is my ETA to the office if I leave in 30 minutes?
what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck
Are there any places that won't take my card?
i do not think that was correct.
When I tried to pay for my bus ride, the contactless payment wouldn't work. How can I prevent this in the future?
What does the weather forecast for the upcoming week look like?
what does ....... mean?
Can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is in my statement?
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
lower the volume
could you clarify me on it further.
Are both Visa and Mastercard offered?
did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends
send 'thank you so much mom' to mom
i need help with my 401k rollver since i got a new job
where can I find the auto-top up option?
let me know when my car was last looked at
What is this fee showing up in my account for?
my payment was rejected, do you know why?
by our scores
fast road to get home
yeah you have gotten my instructions correcly.
how can i figure out my interest rate for my umpqua account
Add dan@dan.com to my contacts
delete my list
Why hasn't my card been delivered?
I have enough money in my account, so why is my card being declined?
my visa card got stolen
what interest rate am i getting from sunflower bank
i want to hear the last said again.
that's enough, just stop it.
how's the weather in tallahassee
What do I do if my card was stolen.
the command is not correct.
my credit card has been stolen and i want to know how long it will be before i can get a new one
How do I fill out the identity check?
can you take off the next event on my calendar
what were the first number of email subjects I got today?
Tell me a random trivia.
Olly, show me where I can find a hamburger
can you send a tweet to lif saying that their app crashed
Why is it showing that my account has been charged a dollar that is showing as pending?
are you aware this joke
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
Does my top up and apple pay work together?
I have a trip coming up and want to add money automatically.
How do I order a new card when my old one is ready to expire?
Current Events
Why would an ATM swallow my card?
i'm sorry.
set my cooking classes on Tuesdays at 5pm
transfer funds to the other account
Please tweet a complaint about slow service at Applebee's
when was the world war 2 tartes
what do i have on my reminder list
what is that on the list
what did the s n. p close out at
I'd like to listen to Howard Stern?
what time is it in mountain time zone
Why was the exchange rate different when I withdrew my cash?
stop all payments to my bank account
list me my recent transaction
nope, you are incorrect.
define and describe an ultraviolet ray
The card PIN?
turn on console
locate nearby dining places
create new message, to robert @ work, What time you off, From Me, send
assist me to know how to get to target by bus
It has been a couple of hours but I do not see my balance updated, can you help?
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App is on pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Why is the payment I made still pending?
Show me weather list for tomorrow
what kind of music am i into
you are my star, thank you so much.
PDA check emails from someone
add Eva's birthday party at roller jam for 12:30 pm on may 7th
do i have enough money in my chase account for a new refrigerator
Switch from blue to yellow lights
sound off please
yeap good response.
can you order me some buffalo chicken pizza
are there any good movies running in nearby theaters
how do i get to the bowling alley by foot
What's new with the stock market.
tweet my internet provider that their service is sluggish
i want to hear a good joke
call an uberpool to get me at long island bar
pardon.
make a reservation at 5 pm today for 2 at olive garden
How can receive a physical card
olly cancel please.
How can I change USD to GBP?
Schedule my 'event' with 'person' at 'time' and 'place'
i need a train ticket to denver
who is the artist of the song playing now
i need to order new checks because i am all out
This is my favorite song.
disable wemo socket
how much moola is in my bank accounts
s2, i am unclear about your words.
please remove my list of favorite albums
get rid of my 4 pm reservation at the steakhouse please
where is the closest applebees to the empire state building
can you tell me the number of pto days i have left
What movies has Clancy Brown played in?
please turn the tv on
Do you offer any discounts for someone who exchanges currencies frequently?
Please find a mail address of Manoj and tell me.
who is knocking
Why am I being charged for withdrawing cash but haven't in the past?
Should I wear shorts today
Place an order for a combo platter from China Buffet.
Why is my check still not showing up on my account? It's been a week already
If I order a new card, how much will it be and how long will it take me to get it?
can you reset.
how the list of upcoming events
What kind of music do you think I like?
The exchange rate you are using is really bad. This can't possibly be the official interbank exchange rate.
Tell me why my transfer failed!
do i need a visa to go to cuba
you have done it right, olly.
what is the current exchange rate from u. s. d. to rupies
tomorrow, what will the date be
this was not correct command.
due to getting a new job i need assistance with my 401k rollover
What meetings do I have between 8-10 today?
will you speak one more time again.
please check alarms
The app reverted my top off.
book a cab to office for me
can google pay be used to make a top-up
fill me in on stock symbol
Is Beyonce married or divorced?
start the podcast over that i started last night
olly i want you cancel it.
last sentence is not so clear.
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
What are the charges for recieving SEPA transfers?
give me today's market trends for panasonic
Will it cost me to get a second card?
remind me that time is up in sixty minutes
I accidentally made a transaction to the wrong account.
What's your refund policy if I bought an item from you?
what can i do if i lost my luggage
Tell me what is on the schedule for July 7th
Can I get money out of any machine?
can i swap coconut milk for condensed milk
Any special events on my list?
what do you think about me calling you cora
Are there steps to see where my funds come from?
My account is showing a double charge.
how can i say thank you very much in chinese
is there enough in my wells fargo account to buy some nike's
Check for recent news stories on MSNBC
is there traffic on dove road
who's that song by
PDA please send a complaint tot someone
where is the closest kroger
would not mind for any one, olly.
Is Rush Limbaugh on the air? If he is put him on.
Does it cost me to add cash?
are there certain types of questions i can ask you
whats the travel time to redmond right now
I tried to transfer money but it said it wasn't possible? I've done this before and it worked why isn't it working now?
A transaction I did to my friend hasn't arrived yet, why?
latest instagram posts
please train
The exchange rate was messed up from the ATM
Help me to set up contactless payments.
show shopping list
how can i exchange currencies
what do i do with a damaged credit card
what is the weather forecast looking like for seattle
workout playlist
good response to command.
no way
is it true the hanging tree really had someone hung from it
tell me about the meetings over a period of time
have you heard anything back on my cc application
Turn on all upstairs lights.
where the meeting will be
Compile information on the data breach
PDA be quiet.
hey, stop talking like you're a stretch taped
I don't appreciate the extra fees being siphoned from my account. I was helping some friends move to Japan and we were buying home decorations at the local stores. The  receipts differed greatly from what showed up in my bank account and my statement. When can I expect the extra fees to be back in my account?
the song touches my heart
Open my playlist
Am I going to get wet if I go outside this morning?
i need to know how to convert liters into pints
I think my card payment had been return
add my opinion to this song great
what is the total number of calories in a bag of potato chips
Are you Visa or Mastercard?
get the tracking on my package
Where is Yellowstone park?
where am i located currently
Do I need my phone to use the app?
could you please shut up.
Why hasn't my top-up been completed?
i need coffee
Use credit card to transfer money
tomorrow i would like an alarm for 9 tomorrow
do you know whether ihop does reservations
How do you exchange currencies
play 93.5 fm
could you please confirm what i just said.
order travel ticket
shazam this music
Hi Olly, I will need my coffee brewed at 7am today.
Set a reminder for April 7th at 4 p.m.
idk
Why haven't I seen the cash from the cheque I deposited yet?
do you know the expiration date that is on my visa card
Hi Olly! How are you?
would you please check instruction.
Where is my credit card that was to be mailed?
my card is too scratched up and i need to report it
how does one set up direct deposit to my bank account
can you find an animal joke for me
Did you lose my money? I had added funds through top-up not long ago and I know they were in my account, but they seem to have disappeared. What happened?
could you increase the speaker volume please
what time is it in daniel boone national forest timezone
do have any new email
do i have any meetings on friday's afternoon
order two large pizzas and pieces of hot wings from dominoes
Hi, is everything in good standing with my card? I am receiving multiple "decline" messages.
get me up at eight am
Please explain how disposable virtual card work.
Send an email to... that says....
should i watch this movie
How many pumpkins do I need to make a pumpkin pie?
i dont need light
does longhorn steakhouse have good reviews
Initiate polling for new email
How many transactions can be made with a disposable card?
Is there an auto top up option?
got married, need to change account name
can you make coffee
How come there is a duplicate charge on my card?
how do they say yes in brazil
what location did you originate at
Show me the amount of transactions I can do with a disposable card.
turn on the living room lights
do i need an international visa to go to mexico
What event do you suggest for me tonight
I found my card that I thought I had lost, I need to reactive it, please help.
thanks but you have understood this wrongly.
sync with my phone please
What was the scores between OKC and DEN?
how many years have you been on
how do you determine your exchange rates because one of yours was off when i got cash
My transfer is stuck pending? How do we fix it to it goes through?
Please delete my account immediately.
Multiply one thousand by twelve.
How do I check security settings using the app?
put working out on my calendar for eight am every day this week
what's my name in your system
Top-up is not working
play 'do re mi'
what meetings do i have today between noon and one
My transaction went through but I was charged a fee. Why?
can you check and confirm what said please.
i have been spending a lot on food out lately
make an alarm
Where is Niagra Falls located?
I transferred money to a receiver within the EU and they received a lesser amount than expected.  Now I will have to send additional money to the receiver in order to make up the difference.  I'm not sure what went wrong, can you please advise?
i wanna get some new checks cause i ran out of them
list all emails with subject contract
is there anything i need to know before i activate the robot vacuum cleaner
The check I deposited yesterday isn't listed yet.  Isn't that pretty slow?  I need to see the balance increased by that check.
What is going on with it saying my card payment was declined?
add eggs to my shopping list if it's not already there
yeap good response to command.
can you please play the next episode of food stuff
can i transfer my 401k somewhere
can you please dim the lights
play the breakfast club
My payment still hasn't processed!
book me a flight to dallas from st, paul, minnesota on delta airlines
I believe my top up has failed
did i get any replies from jan
i need to set an alarm for next friday at noon
how do you convert miles to kilometers
set reminder for 2 pm
Olly I need to get to Bristol friday night, can you book me a ticket please
are there any emails i haven't read yet
what is the list about my favorite songs
There's a payment in the app that I didn't authorize.
I need a physical card.  What are the fees?
when is dale's birthday
i may have a fraudulent transaction
elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
appreciated, that's nice.
How long will it take to get home?
Why was I charged twice for the same transaction?
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
start up the coffee machine
When do I see my recent refund in my statement
I've made a card payment a couple of days ago now but it looks like the money is stuck. How long does it typically take for the payment to go through?
My payment has been returned.
i am ready to hear the next episode of podcast
tweet complaint to @
what is my tax burden
filter all arijit singh sad song and save or create playlist of sad songs of arijit singh
tweet that product sucks
i would like to find a list of cool things recommended for tourists in copenhagen, denmark
My new card isn't here and it was issued a week ago.
how bad is traffic on the way into oakville right now
i want to know how low the air in my tires are
tell me starting phrase of this  music
delete butterfly clips from my wish list
can i put in a vacation request with you
tell me the time now
could you shut down.
Is there a specific type you need for identity verification?
What does tacobell stand for?
could you shut up please.
I would like to edit my personal information .
wait, you did not interpret command right.
cash in my credit card rewards
please start over.
i noticed that the funds were returned to my bank account. What happened?
Please explain why my card was declined?
what is in a burrito recipe
Can I use American Express to add money into my account?
what would be the estimated time from to get a new card mailed to me
Can I unblock my card using the app?
start drama from radio
please switch my name
open inbox
which holiday is next
What do I do if I can't prove my identity?
I got this stupid fee after taking cash out, why?
who do you say you work for
will you check and confirm instruction.
What are the charges for US cards with top up.
Do I need to pay more for exchanging currencies?
will you please play a podcast
any important notifications
keep that song for when i need cheering up
how long does a roast take
switch to a different accent
how long does it take to reflect in my balance a top up
what timezone is detroit in
My child needs a card, how can I add them to the account I currently have?
please change the color of my lights surprise me
transfer fifty dollars between my chase and bank of america account
take out the milk from the shopping list
i need to order new checks since i just used the last of them
delete the Richard's wedding event next year
wemo plug socket off
How do I get another card
keep reading
What's going on in the world right now?
can you check the status of my credit card application
I want to use my account before identity verification
log a complaint wash machine to samsung consumer service with model number cs001
I am adding money, what currencies do you accept to do this?
your answer pleased me
hmm, i did not ask for this response.
will I be able to see the stars this night?
got it perfectly.
Wake me up at 5 Am every morning
describe rock sand
How limited is a virtual card?
remove the next event on my calendar
PDA, orevena voice recorder, let me ... The System page is where to save songs
The exchange rate looks wrong on a holiday purchase
What am I doing this week?
have my app for a new card been processed yet
Put Clean Dog at the top of the Cleaning list
Echo who won the last 5 NCAA men's basketball tournament?
I have not been able to use this card.
My phone was stolen, help!
number of calories in coke
how much paid time off do i have left
can you check and confirm it.
i need to add farm trip to my calendar for friday
can you send a text to someone
How can I tell if there is a top-up limit?
please play my cricket game
Who wrote the song I just wanna dance with you?
are there any alarms set what are they
I was making a purchase and it was declined and I wanted to know why.
Do you accept other currencies besides US Dollars?
what kind of petrol goes in the tank
turn on the plug socket one
would you confirm my last command please.
cancel my seven am alarm
i think i made a fraudulent transaction
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
what are listed
i need to know the next billing date of my american express card
yeah you understood command correcly.
Get louder
local theater screening which movie
do they serve good tacos at the buffet
off the plug
Can I top-up any amount?
Read that list back to me, please.
play next on podcast
find me the nearest Chinese for delivery
can you tell me about what time i should be arriving at the airport
restart american gods
I have not been able to use this card.
please play the next song
are there any transaction fees associated with my amex card if i am in france
I was overcharged an additional pound.
I need to find out where the card is that I ordered.
My PIN is not working, can you help?
Verifying top-up cards necessary?
what events are scheduled this week
perform a search for my most recent balance on my amex account
I made a cash withdrawal earlier and it's showing as pending.  What does that mean?
which store's got the cheapest three pound beef rump
show me the latest emails from amazon
Is there a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
can you please help me find my lost luggage
nevermind, cancel that
is it true that opening a new account can decrease your credit score
s1, please further explain it.
set meeting with the ceo tomorrow
How can I investigate a missing refund?
Play my video game news podcast starting where I left off.
can you change the date of the doctor's appointment event in my calendar from april 1 to april 3rd
Why did my my transfer get declined?
when's my heater bill due
After I deposited my cash, I still don't see it in my account.
has my purchase arrived yet
all new mail
what is traffic like right now
just how bad is traffic on my commute
thanks but i think it was not the right command.
you've done that right thank you so much.
what are the train times for today
What steps do I need to take to close my account?
whats on your list right now
How can I fill up my gas tank using a check?
describe to me what a ball looks like
better climate
tell me the direction to miami from chicago
PDA, Set an 8:00 AM alarm for next Tuesday.
Can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is in my statement?
I no longer have my passcode.
can you order me takeout
Is there an age limit?
my list for shopping has what on it
What should I do if my physical card isn't working?
phone is gone, dont want others to access account information
where i can find a bakery
do i have new emails from john
what is the time of the morning train headed to Chicago
would you stop it.
what is the reservation policy for spago in beverly hills
where were you born
Is it possible to verify a top up?
Age of Brad Pitt
What is the latest news about the Mexico-America border wall?
enter this to a list
what is the status of my order?
reply to Dad, write 'I will be late'
Remove my list of contacts from work
send a tweet
olly please can you shut down.
I want to know what are happening now in my area
did ben's email have an attaachment
I want to hear the JIm and Bob show on 103.3.
i need some sushi what's closest
My card is about to expire. How do I get a new one?
I recently made a transfer but I need to cancel it as soon as possible.  Please let me know when this happens.
What are the countries that you operate in?
Answer to Pawel's email
what alarms are upcoming
is my reservation set for john at bardenay
checkout top restaurant near me and order shahi panner
Will there be any extra fees if I exchange currencies?
My top-up was just cancelled.
what's the minimum payment for our cc bill
yeah.
I would like to know any restrictions for the disposable cards.
what amount of pto have i taken
remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
cut cucumbers can stay in the fridge for how long before spoiling
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
what's the amount of money accumulated in my bank accounts
I put cash in my account, but I don't see it.
Play Romantic playlist
stock market
what's the next day i am scheduled off
Card has been received, how will it show up on the app?
you are helpful,, olly.
book me a train ride
that is all, just cancel it.
can you retry please.
refer to me as nick
give me a recommendation to improve my credit score
call off the dinner reservation
Play album audiobook
Please pull up the article in the New York Times.
tell me when the milk will expire
how many days have i taken off so far
Turn off the light in the bathroom
How long will this card payment stay pending?
There is the same transaction showing more than once.
How long will it take to arrive?
where is the closest target
Can I add to my account using a cheque?
Wake me up at 6:30
Calculate distance from Boston to New York
Please make coffee at 7:00 AM
My card is lost! What do I do now?
show me the best podcast of folk songs having good rating and play it
How can I lookup where funds came from?
dollar rate at present
i need a hotel room for 7 people in st louis for november 3rd through 5th
What is this fee showing up in my account for?
Why hasn't my top-up finished pending yet?
is there anything real about you
I don't like that I have to fill out so much information about my identity.
Am I able to return an item for a refund?
did i remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
Can I make a contactless payments?
i think you have done all incorrectly.
Which fiat currencies do you currently support? Will this change in this future?
can you give me a thai meal suggestion
PDA delete last item listed
call pf chang's to order me egg foo young
Why am I being charged twice?
tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality
convert ten inches to centimeters
Order 1 pizza from pizza hut
get me resume of newest release audio book
please list the best clothing shops near me
what should i make for dinner
what is required to direct deposit my paycheck
i think not
can you add eggs to my shopping list
i am unclear about your answer.
For what reason did my top-up fail?
toggle wemo plug socket on
For some reason my contactless won't work for me.
can you put on the chuck palhunik audio book
During the last month I used this account to make payments for my place abroad. I noticed the fees have increased and I wonder why. Shouldn't frequent users have less fees as incentive to keep using instead of increasing them out of nowhere?
Could you please activate my card
Please post Happy Birthday USA on my newsfeed.
Please Check all new email of RAJESH SINGH.
s1, will you please once again clarify me on what you have just said.
i feel like going out for sushi tonight who in the area serves good sushi
turn off my bedside lamp please
do I have any alarms set for 6 am tomorrow?
i need a meeting scheduled with bob for 7:00am on 9/11
turn off all lights
Tell me about the card PIN?
My new card just arrived, how can I activate it?
The app says I made a cash withdrawal even though I didn't.
read email
please see if you can increase my credit limit to one thousand dollars
can you please tell me what i have on my list
what is the full name of your boss
Card delivery services? Where?
play my first favorite song on loop
Please make me a cup of coffee
What cards and currencies are supported?
please add dan's email to my contacts
System, pull any traffic news for my commute.
Remove the alarm set for 4:00 am.
do i have any new email
what is my kohls card's rewards balance
would you please order me more checkbooks for my b of t account
can you flip a coin i call heads
what ingredients are in cheese cake
order a pizza
is it colder than yesterday
whisper please
How to decide if I get a Visa or Mastercard?
can i switch in almond butter for peanut butter
i would like to know my car's tire pressure please
Find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring.
give me the definition of ajar
s2, can not understand your answers.
can you put detergent on my shopping list cause i'm all out
i'm pretty sure this charge is fraudulent
Do you guys accept cash? Because i deposited some this morning and I can't see it in my account.
I want exact time in Washington right now
can I choose delivery times to suite me?
How big is England?
currency conversion of u. s. d. and eur
can you please book an uber to the zoo
Find songs from my Big Band playlist.
how many vacation days do i still have
Can you book a train ticket for my father?
how much have i spent on shoes recently
what transactions did i make yesterday at the flea market
can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
Turn off the bathroom light
Have I gotten any new messages since yesterday?
Pull up all outgoing emails from yesterday.
Why didn't my top up work?
What I topped up was reverted by the app.
please make the smart socket turn off
that's nice one, thank you so much, olly.
does it offer pick up
Please list what fiat currencies are supported for both holding and exchanging.
what temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
i need you to send ten dollars from bank of america to capital one
will you set the timer
Why is my top up still pending?
PDA, play kiss fm for me.
Are the podcasts from X Available yet?
Find and make a playlist of all the latest dancing tracks.
how do i get a virtual card for one time use
who wrote this song
help me report a lost card
yeap correct response.
remove the alarm set for four hundred am
make a new list of dog breeds
can a car be rented from tuesday to thursday out of lax
What is your opinion on the exchange rate?
what time does the train arrive in sacremento
Send email to grandma, subject, Saturday, message, we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
Something is wrong with the top up! I'm a regular customer and use your service all the time, usually this works but now it just shows up as pending
Help me set up a new PIN?
Which ATM's can I use to make a withdrawal?
delete that item
yeah that is perfect.
Mute sound
can you tell me today's date
I am trying to transfer money and something is going wrong.
Can I get some background music?
Play my jazz playlist
does not really matter to me.
state your name
I didn't know there was a charge for tranferring. What is the charge?
lower volume to half
office lights off
train times to new york
can you tell me who made the ai
I would like to activate my card what do I need to do?
delete call newspaper from my vacation list
new updates
Why is my top-up showing as reverted?
Please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow 10:00 in the morning.
when should i get new tires i just replaced them
Why has my beneficiary been denied?
suggest a few local eateries in mid price range
find route
please turn off the lights in bedroom
coffee
what are the big news stories on twitter
cancel my meeting tomorrow
how many liters are in 500 gallons
I see a direct debit transaction in the app that is not mine
i need you to create a timer
i need to send an email to michael
send an email to my wife about next week weather
turn off smart plug socket
decrease speaker volume
What is the current temperture in my area.
ask me an arithmetic question
Do you know the definition of school
do i need specific shots before traveling to germany
Is there a connecting train from London to Paris and what time?
find something fun for me to do in dallas
Increase the light a little.
Where's the best place to get a disposable virtual card?
brew some coffee
How do I get my card PIN?
how long will i have to wait until they replace a stolen credit card
how much do you charge to top up US cards?
can you remind me of when i last had an oil change
what is the status of the application for a credit card i put in
aquire me them kyrie 4s
remind me tomorrow at four about an event
reason i need to verify top up
Can I add a card back to the app?
report what is new in my email inbox please
need airplane ridge from philadelphia to atlanta leaving on the 5th of june and returning on the 8th of june
what's the traffic like on the way to the water slides
tell me the traffic condition from here to home
I need to cancel a purchase?
two pm set
i've got tax issues and need help obtaining my w2
Auto lock the house after two and half hours.
let my bank know i will be on travel to fes
Do I have an appointment on x day?
for pasta primavera, what ingredients will i use
delete the list brads appointments
delete the meeting alarm at two pm on tuesday
convert g. m. t. to ist
it is dark
i wanna know where to find a w2
How do I fix a transaction to the wrong account?
How do I delete my account? I am dissatisfied with the service.
what is the dollar price in inr
book a train ticket from washington dc to savannah georgia
I was charged twice.
how is the weather of this place
email message to address
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
how long will it take to get from galleria mall to state capitol
talk to me in italian from now on
What time have you set the alarm?
I want to hear the news on TMZ.
is there any alarm after five am
that was cool,.
set a meeting with tom tomorrow at seven pm
Why cant I send money to a beneficiary?
yes amazing response.
what is the hottest temperature of alaska in June alexa
Are there certain cards and currencies you support?
My recent transfer didn't go through - why not?
confirm what i last said.
please check what i just said.
brighten the lights
On the other hand, there may be added costs involved in getting your kitchen up to Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture (PDA) sanitary standards, and working at home will definitely impact your family├ö├ç├╢just ask any successful entrepreneur.
I recently purchased something, and the exchange rate was wrong.
please play my list of reminders
what can you do
Which time zone are we in? Please change to current
what does deceive mean
economic affairs
i asked for something else.
How is the traffic on I-25?
what is level of traffic at washington
How will I receive my PIN?
I need info on activating my card?
how do i cook a meatloaf
What locations allow me to withdraw money?
i'd like to make my credit score better
check my list
can i redeem my points for flights
How much are the fees for adding funds using an international card?
how do i go about cooking a 10lb turkey
tell my bank i'm going to france
I am still waiting for a money transfer to appear.
start playing my black metal playlist
Remind me about the upcoming national holiday.
i want you to confirm question please.
lower the volume to twenty
I got some cash out of the ATM over the holiday and it seems that I've been grossly overcharged. I wouldn't have done that if I knew of these outrageous charges!
I can't find my card! Can you help?
check the command please.
how far is the airport in dallas from my current location
cut cucumbers can stay in the fridge for how long before spoiling
recent emails
Do you take both Visa and Mastercard?
what do i make yearly
i would like to hear that information spoken again.
smart plug socket off please
I have a transfer that's pending and wanted to know how long it is going to take to process?
How long does a transfer transaction take?
I have a canceled top-up and wanted to know about it.
Why was my new card declined?
What is my schedule for 12pm to 4 pm?
dog in spanish
How long is the delivery to the US?
what are my pending tasks?
history of person
send email to cat that i will accept job offer
tell me how to apply for a credit card
show me how i can get a new credit card
Classice pasta recipes
Why is the payment I made still pending?
I need to send an email to
What is a circuit board?
what do i have scheduled for next week
my vacuum cleaner should start between ten to eleven am everyday
what is the total of my state taxes
i'd like you to check and confirm my last command please.
i want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at one pm today
Can I use my virtual card to complete transactions for memberships?
What are the hearhrob news?
i need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown
Need a new card, mine is expiring.
what is the name you call me
is the train time to a location long
podcast play
tell me a joke about dogs
shit, i think you did that in wrong manner.
you've gotten answer correcly.
My money transfer hasn't appeared yet.
i challenge you to a game of tic tac toe
what ingredients do i need for tomato soup
this item should be removed from list
where is the closest starbucks
I want to reply
after i got married i need to change my name
What went on in the world today?
oh no, you gave me not right information.
really would not mind.
My disposable virtual card was rejected by the merchant, please help?
What apps can I use to top up my account?
what is my next reminder
i gotta know what kinds of pets you have
Start playing FM 96.5 when it is 1.00 PM
i would like to apply for a credit card
Make my collection mostly 60s pop with a good bit of 60s psychedelia.
how me the highest weather this week
Check out my to do list.
Do I have a grocery list ready?
delete the following list:
can you sync my calendar with mark
can you see if there any trains going to
i don't know how to spell squirrel
Will you set a limit to my top-up?
How long does my top up pending last?
How long does it take for something to be delivered to the U.S?
recommend pub in eighth and monte diablo
i want to hear the phrase said again.
set a reminder for tomorrows meeting
it was amazing, olly.
what is three times seven
There is a payment done with my card which i definitely did not do.Never seen that name before.
Can I have it delivered on a specific date?
I received my salary in the wrong currency. How do I change this?
tell apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
find the nutrition info for bell peppers for me
do I have anything going on?
Call and order pizza for delivery
please give me the full balance on my water bill
is it going to rain later
turn coffee maker on
I am still waiting for a money transfer to appear.
Open all mails from Steffi.
i am looking for my phone
can i swap sugar for salt
what is my bank balance
Is it possible to order a virtual card?
play me news radio channel
add this song to my music
find me someone
do events
how many people live in los angeles
what is the price of stock for gm
i don't really mind for anything.
can you add a new email to my contacts
Can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight?
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
Hi, I sent my landlord my rent money a few days ago and while everything seems good on my end he says that he never got the money. I double checked the account number and it's correct. Can you help me figure this out?
can you create a new list
I bought something while traveling, and the exchange rate was wrong.
what is my current gross salary
can you play back to december
please play me a song from my fevorate list
My statement is showing I was Charged a dollar and I am not sure why.
can you skip this song and go to the next one
What is the longest river in the world?
I want to open an account for my child.
what is the time, please
pay $175 on my visa
Where are the Mastercard ATMs?
where can i locate a form for my w2
what is the best way to cook pasta al dente
what is the necessary amount of time required to prepare pot roast
ensure i have to get up at six in morning
how do i get direct deposit for my paycheck
switch off kitchen lights
I'm not sure where this charge came from.
alarm set
Can I make an account for my daughter?
Why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
what is starbuck's stock worth
tell me how to roll over my 401k
What are disposable virtual cards?
find apple on list and remove
i need an alarm set for five hundred and thirty am tomorrow
Does the auto top-up have any limits?
fantastic work, you've done well, olly.
I have been waiting over a week. Is the card still coming?
What should I do if my card is missing?
can you find any good places in cleveland that serve clams
Can I make many disposable cards per day?
I just transferred my friend money, but she hasn't received it yet, and it's been a few hours. Can you tell me when to expect it to go through?
describe a tomatillo
yeap fantastic response to the command.
How does someone else top up my account
Please wake me up at 8 AM.
find the right amount of cinnamon for the garam masala
Find information on today's stocks
brighten light
can i get my w2 online
resume war and peace
Do currency exchanges cost extra?
I want to find emails from bob with the subject that contains the word meeting.
What major card payments are accepted?
My card wants to be topped what do you guys support?
I transferred some money but I think it has gotten lost somewhere.
I lost my phone! Will my card still work?
any good movies
Does the restaurant have delivery?
find new trump articles but not from fox news
yo, Olly, I need a coffee now
How many days does it take until funds are in my account?
Help please!  My rent payment is coming out tomorrow and I made a payment mistake yesterday! Can you put in in the correct account?
would you please check instruction.
Can you explain where I can find the auto-top option?
will you please shut off.
can you replay your phrase you just said.
please set the oven to 350 f
What's my limit for topping up?
will you aid me in paying my insurance premium
I want to stop my account
what day is my next payday
olly select a different color for the lights
that does not really matter with me, olly.
Olly, list me the remainder of things left on the list.
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
what is on my playlist
add ashley to the wedding invite list
start a list
What is the max amount of top-ups?
tell me my credit raing
i have no more checks, how can i order more
Please open and play chess with me
Am I free this Saturday?
Make my calendar empty
start a list
Radio
What ATMs is the card okay to use at?
what do i do to change my car's oil
i tried using my card at chipotle yesterday and it was declined; why
what are the transaction fees associated with my discover card if i am in rome
PDA what time is it in Austin?
what did they name you
change lights to pink
When exchanging, how much are the rates?
find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
I removed cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
What are the offers in Uber eats?
start playing my most recent podcast
What genre is most played on my PDA?
what time can i pick up my food
tweet about cold pizza to papa johns
do you know the definition of school
Why hasn't my payment gone through yet?
buy me a ticket to take the train to atlanta
find an uber that can get me to the airport now
current status of take out order
what am i known as to you
PDA what should I do today?
How hot is it in Miami?
I've just come back from an eating holiday in the USA and Canada and have SO many pending and duplicated transactions on my account.  I think there is something wrong, can you look in to it please?
i want to a book a roundtrip flight from san antonio to dtw departing on friday and returning on wednesday
How do I cook a medium rare steak?
What types of cards and money do you accept?
can you tell me how much air are in my car tires
yes you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
weather at kodaikanal
create a blank list
Please play Trivial Pursuit with me.
change lights
Do you charge extra for duplicate cards?
I need you to set 12 noon prayer for every friday
what a sunny day
Is it possible to go ahead and log in, although I have not been confirmed yet?
How is this transfer supposed to work? It's not working for me.
Could I chose the date to have it delivered?
do you know you are not human
Can I still use my account without verifying my identity?
There is a direct debit that's not mine.
hey olly make the lights a little dimmer
This place has been too much work so I'd just like to close out my account & be done.
bring up lights
please turn the lights off in the bathroom
tell me what timezone finland is in
make me a coffee please
are my doors locked right now
Can you explain disposable cards?
how is a typhoon defined
any word on my healthcare plan
check any mail from amazon
is there a reminder for my aa meeting on my list
My top-up is taking a while to process!
Martial Arts
Show traffic
your birthplace is where
change <unk> to blue
do i need jumper cables for my dead car battery
how many days of vacation time do i have saved
please check my gmail for new mail
what's affiliate definition
order a takeaway
jello should stay in the fridge for how long
Asked for $100 but only got $20. Why would this happen?
please start vacuuming
book xy resume
I'm looking at my statement, and my refund is not on there.
that is unimportant with me.
Help! I've forgot my app passcode!
I tried to top up but the app rejected it.
Can you speak quieter please, Olly?
What information do you capture about me?
how can i make a vacation request
what's my meaning in life
What will the weather be like in Austin on March 16th
Do I have any reminders that are waiting in my queue?
what's the exchange rates
I topped-up my account, but I don't think it went through.
i'd like the calories for this chicken breast
cut carrots can stay in the fridge for how long before going bad
i'd like to see last week's atm transactions
I tried to transfer money and it did not work.
mute all responses now
i entered my pin in wrong and got it frozen. how many tries do i have
apply for an american express card
How can I top up with Google play?
Hello,  I am a college student who I recently attended my high school reunion at a local restaurant. I paid with my credit card and now my transaction history reflects a second charge of the seemingly same payment. What could be the reason for this?  Is there any way to have the fraudulent  payment credited back onto my card?
add in an event
How do I find the top-up verification code?
My bags were stolen. I need a new card but need to cancel the stolen one.
why did my card get rejected yesterday
i want to hear the song that has, "baby shark, doo doo
should i wear gloves tonight
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts?
is vacuuming on my list of things to do
which ocean touches at our continent
can you help me remember my pin to my boa account
Breaking news for today
What age do you have to be to open an account?
Delete my next meeting from calendar.
cancel my reservation for dinner tonight
Don't let me forget I need a reminder for March 27th at Noon.
i wanna know my next paycheck
do i need a rain coat today
can you please slow down
My account shows that I made a cash withdrawal but I cannot remember doing so!
please put the meeting with carla on my to do list
November event delete
i need a place in pittsburgh to stay from monday to friday, can you help
make my lights blue
Why did a transaction I made charge me $1?
what should you be called
Why was I charged an extra pound?
Will I always be charged a fee for using my card?
Can I have it by a certain date?
what is the timing of bagmati express
can you tell me a little about yourself
wait, i think you have got it incorrect.
could you please once again elaborate to me.
do you know if bouncing one check on your checking account can hurt your credit score or not
Closest parks
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
please let's do it again.
remind me later
set the alarm tone
Why did I get a fee from the ATM?
is our next day off soon
can you confirm the details please.
i wouldn't really care, olly.
find an uber driver available for tonight after ten pm
can i have 3 carry ons with delta at jfk
what day is our next free day
i don't need the shopping list delete it
how's microsoft's stock
can you shut up.
take off the doctor's appointment on march twentieth
Can I have more than one card?
I have made a withdraw from an ATM this last holiday, why is there such a high charge from this transaction?
can you place laundry on my to do list
can i get you to talk like a pouty english guy
will i be charged if i use the card in germany
Refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
are there recommendations to get any specific shots before i travel to germany
When I look at my statement there is an extra fee, that is for what?
refresh email
list my different alarm
play football news from radio one
increase
Compose a mail for jack
Make me a cappuccino.
recommend a restaurant with medium expense
How do I make 'meal'
podcast play
how long has it been since my oil was changed
Card payment is showing as pending
from where are w2 forms given
what kind of outlets do they use in z
I need to get visa and mastercard
Forward a complaint to MTS regarding Internet speed issues
can you help me with rolling over my 401k
list all of my health benefits
Play Irene from TobyMac
give me some dim light
will you check and confirm that please.
how much money do i have coming in each month
i would appreciate it if you help me turn the car on
I did a cash deposit to my account but it doesn't show up
I couldn't use my contactless this morning, it wasn't accepted.
i would like you cancel it.
few traffic roads
on what day is our next free day
no, i did not ask for it.
stop please.
raise the lamp's light
how do i add money with my apple watch
Will there be a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
will you please shut off.
birth date for movie star keanu reeves
Help! My card isn't working at the ATM and I know I used the right PIN. Trying to get my money.
what are the nutrition facts for apple sauce
i need you to order some more lysol for me,please
Fees for currency exchange
can i do a reservation at sammy's crab shack
Its too bright in here
Why do you keep declining my transfers?it was always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
My transfer didn't work
any meeting between 6 to 7pm
Shoutcast.com.
yes fantastic.
What kind of musical events are happening around here this week?
Check mail.from jack
do i need to undertake any particular activity during my stay at the yellowstone national park
make a list of all the halloween events going around in new york
i didn't get your name
its sunny today?
i want to hear what you think life's purpose is about
Is there a way to make my money usable in another country?
tell me my income amount
I cannot get my virtual card to work.
Do you work in Greece?
i would like to know the traffic condition
hey turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at ten am
does restaurant royale deliver takeaway
Tell me about economy and gdp about india vs china
what place were you created in
Would you open the email and I would like to compose a new one
Dolores, How was your day
Why can't my transfer complete?
What happens to me if you become sentient?
please delete the shopping list
can i keep rice in the fridge for 3 days
i'd like to take a vacation day from 2/24 to 2/25
what is the point of life
why do you verify the top up
This company is bad, delete my account now.
Does it matter which card I use
I need a disposable virtual card.
list all the lists on this device.
Is the exchange rate the same on weekends as the weekdays?
will play chess
My password isn't being accepted and I need to reset it.
what is my current balance on my home equity line of credit
I would like it to easily keep an inventory and tell me when I'm running low on something.
Is Meryl Streep an actress or singer?
Olly,  I went to the grocery store today
what movies are playing tonight
what is elvis favorite ride
Where is the public library?
Remind me at this time.
Olly, give me a movie for tonight?
i need a good shop
I must make a transfer from China and it is urgent. How long before the transfer is complete?
can you find out if my application at smith bank was approved or not  i applied for s credit card a month ago
mute
When did Mt. St. Helens last erupt?
what is the balance of my bank account
My phone is missing.
Show me my emails from the past hour.
how many pounds would i get for dollars
What do I need to do to correct this failed transfer?
how much have i earned this week
i don't know how to spell threshold
how do you make pasta
i don't know where i left my phone
PDA what's happening in world news
show time in mumbai
please book a taxi in uber for me to go to the airport today
i need your name
Why would my payment still show as pending?
Is there any breaking news from CNN?
Let me see my most recent emails
Will I be charged if I add more cards to the account?
My card is expiring soon, How do I order a new card?
you are smart, olly.
i want to know when the deadline is to pay my car loan
please book the next taxi
do you think my shots would be needed, before traveling to columbia
how much philippine peso do i need to make fifty dollars
Show me the events in my work calender for next week.
where should i go to get a w2 to do my taxes
How do I top up by card?
get rid of everything on my calendar
tell me how to get my paycheck on direct deposit
what's the currency conversion between usd and pounds
Does my PIN come with my card?
tune into my selected station
where can i get my tires checked and how can i schedule it
what is the date today
I received my new card.  Where is it in the app?
How long will it take for me to get my card?
What is the process when my card is due to expire?
Change color of lights
find recent events of the celebrity
how long is it safe to leave a burger in the refrigerator
i want your responses to be in french
What color hair does Britney Spears have?
turn off lights in my room
i need you to change the pin on my bank of america account to be 1234
set my alarm for getting up
Order a large plain pizza from Mimo's for me.
Plesae tune in to Channel 9 FM
save my spotify preferences
mute speakers
i lost my luggage coming from new york city on american flight ab123
how do you subtract numbers
Tell me what was the temperature in our city at 12 pm.
how many people are following me on twitter now
Hello, a few days ago I transferred my rent check to my landlord, however, he is saying that it has not gone though. On my end everything looks fine and I double checked the account number. Is there anything else that could be holding up the check?
i am sorry but it's not the right response.
would you check that please.
do people say per se is any good or not
i have to say goodbye
play me some music
order me a byron from deliveroo
What happened to the transfer I did?
do you enjoy any hobbies
When can I expect my new card to get here?
i want to talk to sarah
through outlook
Where can I modify my information?
whats today
what is the time zone of china
How can I top up my account with a card?
My source of funds need verification.
currency exchange
todays events
list the items on my shopping list
I am locked out from entering my pin.
send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it apologize for being late
can i use any fuel in my car
Convert the American dollar to the EU euro.
how do i apply for american express
add events
Why was I charged a fee for transferring money
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer?
go back to factory settings
My beneficiary is unable to transact
'Depending on the role you are going for this will affect your answer
I transferred a payment a couple days ago and it shows done, but it has not been received.  Could you please help me?
What happened to the transfer I did?
you are smart.
heading to gym please post to facebook
what's a big bowl of ice cream contain in calories
retry it.
i'm not satisfied with the services and no longer want to be a customer
What do I do to exchange currency?
set reminder to prepare for my meeting at 10 am
what is my routing number for marine bank
please request pto for me from march 3rd to march 7th
put my points up for master card
i do not mind for whatever.
Help, the ATM didn't give me all the money I requested
Remind me in the future of this
what date did i receive my last paycheck
please change the lighting to blue
I tried to get cash in the ATM but it was not approved
I need to terminate my account.
How long does it take transfers from Europe to complete?
nope, you have done it all in wrong manner.
tell me nutritional info for burger
what kind of pto do i have left
I wan to play me a Justin bieber song
using time settings
it will be good if you yellowish the light
please check last thing said.
I would like to not have to do the identity verification.
list of playback of ar rahman collections
please suggest a british meal for me
please could you tell me one more again.
Is it possible to refund an item?
what steps do i need to take to obtain my w2 for taxes
My transfer got declined.
switch to Los Angeles time
does restaurant have takeaway
do i need to bring a visa when i go to canada next month
I want to see the previous episode
Which song is currenly playing.
i need you to book a train ticket that leaves at two pm
i'm needing to know who made you
find the events
What are the top-up fees for my card?
the sticker on my card is peeling off
My PIN number was incorrect, and I can't access it.
is today a sunscreen day
What is the time in Ajmer ?
How can I obtain a virtual card?
olly tell me my alarms
How many likes does my last instagram photo have
turn off all the lights in the living room and den
are there meetings scheduled for today
Delete my next event
how much do i need to pay for my electricity and water bills
I think my phone is either lost or stolen.
When I travel, can it automatically add money in certain intervals?
How do I dispute a direct debit that I didn't do?
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
instruct me what to do
is there gridlock on the street up to the stadium
remember how i fell about this song
today's local events
where is the prime meridian
add pencil to school supplies list
my car is dead can you tell me how to jump start it
i am needing to know what some of your hobbies are
Why was my account deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
bring the lights down a bit
I want to get an item refunded
what's happening this weekend
I thought I lost my card so I cancelled it, but recently I found it in my jacket and I would like to re-establish the card.
i am in need of a taxi right now
what are the locations i can withdraw money
if i have twenty dollars how many francs is that
what's the precise coordinates of this place
what's the procedure to apply for a new credit card
try to speak slowly
I requested a refund but can't see it.
What is my schedule for tomorrow morning.
Why is this payment pending?
Why am I charged to get money from the ATM?
you helped a lot, thank you, olly.
can you identify this song playing through the speaker right now
pink is all we need
time difference between uk and us
set a reminder to pick up the kids
put mambo #5 by lou bega on my playlist, please
set up a taxi for 11am tomorrow
nightime
Remind me to pick up Linda at 5 in the evening on 7th.
I have been trying unsuccessfully to top-up my card.  Is the system down or not working properly?
can you please confirm last thing i said.
i want to pay my electric bill, can you do it for me
Hey PDA what's the current time in Austin?
Who do I call to cancel a transfer?
please clear out my calendar completely
Mute the speakers.
How can I find tickets to the Super Bowl for under $100 each.
no that's wrong
tell me about mary s.
I want to hear any songs that got grammys this year
My identity can't be verified for some reason
Add to calendar Rick's birthday party on Feb 29
shut the lights off in my bedroom please
Add new email to contact
when is the train arriving today?
cancel that reservation for 8 at barney's
what do you mean.
There is a direct debit set up that was not authorized by me.
If someone in a different country sends me money, do I have to pay a fee?
Will you send an email to this new email address?
on the plug
please remind me of all the nba scores in a week
yeah correct response to the command.
will you rephrase me more on what you have just said please.
tell me the latest news from bbc sports
how old are you, ai
i would like the house lights to be pink
look up the song that's on right now
Compare weather, home and San Antonio Texas
How do I shut down my account and get out of this company?
Can you tell me what an X is?
music traking
Can I order takeaway from Spanish place?
Is there a way to modify my details?
My top-up was rejected by an app.
tell me what subjects you like
can you tell me about the pets you have
i need to order some food from papa john's
turn off on the socket
thanks for your answers.
please set an alarm at six am
atm refused to give me money
I want 2 burgers and one coke, order it fast.
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
how long until we get to chicago
Hi, I am new to this. Are there any additional fees or charges that I should be aware of? I was looking through the app and I thought I saw something in regards to fee-free allowances.
Can someone explain why I'm getting a message on my screen saying my transfer isn't possible? I've done several in the past and haven't had a single problem until now. What's going on?
how much is this mpg
check the status of my order
Has John Smith sent me any new email?
set an alarm for the dance classes two hours before the classes start
what happening in VA
what was it i wanted to remember
start the dishwasher
will it rain in the noon
take me to the nearest dairy queen
Switch off lights
clean the carpets
if i travel here, do i need vaccinations
Play something random from google play
for friday, add a doctor's appointment to my calendar
turn on repeat
There's an unauthorized cash withdraw
my account at the bank needs to be frozen
michael jackson family background
If I want to get an account for my daughter, can I do that?
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's an issue with my account?
Hey, when is my friend's birthday coming up?
What can I do if my card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks?
you messed up with.
Answer email from Sally.
how can i hurt my credit score
can you please change the mood of the light
i'd like to send a reply
Turn off my room lights.
I made a transfer to my friend earlier and she hasn't received it yet.  What's the hold up?
Why hasn't my transfer gone through yet?
you've gotten my instructions right.
what time is it in the other time zones
change the code of my savings account to be 1234
give five stars to this song
someone else used my account to buy stuff from mcdonald's
yeap that's excellent.
please list my total spending on grocery shopping for the last two months
show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
it's amazing.
What is the news today in Polk County, Florida?
how expensive was my most recent transaction
s1, will you please further explain me about what you said.
Buy an Acela train ticket on Thursday.
I have foreign currency i would like to change how much will it cost me?
start the gas stove adjust the flame to cooking the dish and put all cooking ingredient  to pressure cooker to cook the ingredients keep it on the stove wait for the ingredients to be cooked
I'd like more info on getting a virtual card.
what do i need to do now that my battery is dead
How long do bank transfers usually take?
i want to hear what i've said again.
set the alarm for nine am on weekends
theaters near to me
Is it possible for me to set up separate accounts for my kids?
i do not really mind for anything.
no, that is my response
turn off bedroom light at nine thirty pm
can you set an alarm for seven am
Alexa, please turn on the lights.
is there a food festival in the area
Where is the alps located
sorry but i think you are not correct.
thank you goodbye
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa
i'd like help finding my fon
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
What is Motorola going for today?
attend party before the meeting
I already made a transfer and want to cancel it, how do I do that?
You can set schedules for your devices and control them remotely using a mobile internet connection
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
who directs your labor
Tell me when and if I should buy a new home
i do not really care, olly.
What are the top up fees for using an European bank card?
i gotta apply for a new credit card
Can I wait for you to send me a new card when mine's about to expire?
quiet please
I would like this new email should be added to my contacts
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
can you make the room brighter
has my credit card application gone through
how do i make changes to my insurance policy
yeah excellent.
Get me a train ticket from mumbai to goa
Hello,  In my most recent ATM transaction, I didn't receive nearly as much cash as I thought I would - what is your exchange rate policy?
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take it?
Food order from Grubhub
What does a pending transaction mean?
Notify me when Joshua emails me
When can I expect to receive my card?
if you can do accents, i want to hear you talk like david bowie
is everyone on my facebook list watching the game
Hello, Just now i got to know withdrawal of money from of my account. As someone used my card to withdraw amount in any odd remote area. Since i have not been in that area, please freeze my card immediately.
please cancel the input
what transactions do i have on groceries from yesterday
Is it snowing now
From what countries can I use an account?
If my top-up didn't transfer, what went wrong?
The Time
set alarm for 6am
please go to amtrak dot com to purchase tickets
I paid for something in foreign currency but noticed the exchange rate is incorrect.
How can I get the cash deposit to show up on my account?
yesterday, my card was declined
does my bank of america card have international transaction fees
why people who reads may not be the most courteous and well-born?
My card payment didn't work, can you help?
should i a gas refill for my car at the next gas station
report the card has been damaged
is a visa required to visit cancun
is there really a meaning of life
initiate cleaning process
turn off my account
My card payment is showing up as pending for a very long time, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
can you find out how to report a damaged card
How do I find out my source of funds?
How do I change my name?
How do I find the hanging tree?
Play the most popular Elton John song.
let me know the list
What is up in my schedule today?
Why is my identification required?
lets hear it from fm ninety six point five
What week of the year does the summer season start?
what is the dollar exchange rte
olly please would you shut off.
my dte and water bills are how much
i need to obtain and uber
I have been charged a fee that I didn't know about. Why have you charged me extra for card payments?
Why hasn't my payment shown up yet?
ai, what is my chase routing number
how come my chase account has a hold on it
thank you for that information.
I would like to hear the podcast from the website I was at earlier.
add juice to my grocery list
I need to know where my funds come from.
Hey, my card was declined at an ATM in the city centre theatre. My account says the transaction is pending, though. I didn't get the money, though, so what does that mean?
I don't recognize some transactions.  Is someone else using it?
email notifications
I sent money about 5 days ago and the recipient has not received the money yet.
Open the internet.
Where will I find my card?
i do not really mind for anything.
Check for emails from my employer
How old is Chuck Norris?
badminton
please do a stop on my bank account
find tacos near my home
i would like to start this new audiobook
Send an email to Jerry, ask what time will he be home tonight.
what amount of fuel do i have left
When will I get my money? It's been too long.
send email to bill asking to reschedule
can you check my last question.
A transfer to my account was denied.
taxi now
schedule family dinner on my calendar on march 8
olly can you cancel please.
when's the next federally recognized holiday
Why can't I transfer to a beneficiary?
what is the stock price of Sensex right now?
I've got a weird problem: I purchased something a week or maybe it was two weeks ago, and the funds have come back into my account! Can you explain this?
what country were you born in
Remove my dentist's appointment from today's schedule.
What is the fee for a foreign currency exchange?
My money transfer hasn't appeared yet.
A payment is showing twice. Why is that?
Why is there a 1 euro fee on my statement?
tell me how many pesos equal 500 dollars
The card I thought was lost was just in my jacket, so can I reactivate it since I found it this morning?
what did i put on my shopping list
I'd like to open an account for my children. How can I do that?
How to eat healthy
set the living room lights to fifty percent
is there anything on my list today
would you try that words spoke one more time again.
how many (currency) in ____ usd
I just purchased a disposable virtual card. Am I able to use it for online purchases immediately?
run the robot vacuum cleaner
please activate my vacuum cleaner
may i take a pto on february 7 and 8
i need the tow truck to be given my gps coordinates
paly the playlist
you've done that correctly musch appreciated.
when was this song released
will it get warmer here next week
how much are my rent and cable
On my disposable card, is there a transaction limit?
I've been trying to transfer funds to top-up my card, but the transaction is not going through.  Is there something I'm doing wrong?
check and tell me the address of my friend alex
how far above sea level is denver
where are piramids located
show geographic details of piramids
remind me about calendar
i like soft rock music
send an email to 'rohit' saying 'I am busy tommorrow'
What happened! I asked for 30 pounds at your ATM and only go 10. The machine lied about it too. It said I received the full 30 pounds. Someone better help me asap on this.
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
What do i do if the exchange rate was wrong for the item i bought overseas?
I just lost my wallet and I think someone is using my card to withdraw my money. Can you please cancel or freeze my card?!!
How many eggs do I need for an omelette?
How long do transfers take, mine just says pending?
I was wondering how long does it take for a payment to go thru? It seems my last payment is stuck and hasn't moved.
subtract sixty from two hundred and forty four
what kind of stuff is in potato salad
set a ten second timer
light colour for study room
Hi. I'm a new customer to your system and I think something isn't working right - or maybe it is. Maybe you can confirm. I tried to top up today (my first time ever) and it's been stuck at "pending" for over an hour now. Is it supposed to do this or is there something wrong in the system?
are there any recent emails from {contact}
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
Is there any reason why my card didn't work when I tried to top up?
delete the old playlist and create new
display date
it's fantastic job, i appreciate it.
turn up the light
what is the current central time
What are the rules for transferring to a beneficiary?
what time is the evening meeting i have with john
It's been a couple days how much longer do I have to wait for my transfer?
How many times can I enter a wrong PIN before it is blocked?
you've done it right musch appreciated.
would you please reboot yourself to factory settings
Do I have a meeting today?
i want to view my balance
I want to top up my account. What payment methods are supported?
What are ways to test why my card might not be working?
Can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at x time?
Switch off
anything new on insta
thanks but that is not the right command.
what's on my calendar on march 10th
I have not seen any changes in my account balance(s) after making a transfer.
that's amazing, olly.
Define computer
my credit card is set to expire in what month
do you want to play solitaire
I tried using my card today and it's not working, can you help me?
How do I select a Mastercard instead of a Visa?
am i close to arriving at the post office
How quickly can I transfer something to China?
where is the closest kroger
tell me what alternative means
The exchange rate was wrong when I bought something outside the country.
do i have anything on my schedule for april 15
tell me my next paycheck
how's it hanging
play led zeppelin houses of the holy
i'd like to get soda while i'm out; add it to my shopping list
What is the extra fee that was added when I used the card?
local events
If I ordered my new card last week, how much longer should I wait to receive it?
The app is showing that I received alot more money than I actually received from the ATM. This occurred earlier today.
I did a transfer but its still pending
you did good job,.
Tell me that how demonetization policy is affecting India. Tell me all the positive and negative outcomes of Demonetization.
i'm famished so give me some places to eat!
call me for this meeting
clear something up, are you a robot
What is the number of the closest taxi company?
Where do I go to reset the passcode?
tell my all my reminders
My card is stuck in an ATM machine, how do I get it back quickly?
can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston
Why did I get charged when getting cash?
time zone in miami is like what
Is my card valid everywhere?
tell me about the alarm timings
ai i didn't hear you
how do i deglaze a pan
If my PIN number is rejected, how do I solve it?
text robby hello
open chess play against me
road traffic
What kind of charges should I expect to exchange currencies?
please let me know how long it'll be until i reach the sky harbor airport
what time does the train arrive?
It's been over a month and i still haven't received my goods! I ordered a pencil for crying out loud, it's not that hard to deliver that! I'm done with these people, give me a refund immediately! I'll search for my Japanese exclusive pencil elsewhere!
who is the latest sender?
Play me some melody song
what is marketing
book taxi for now
i want to play solitare with you
Where did my extra fee for the transfer come from?
oh no, it was not what i am looking for.
Why am I unable to verify my id?
do i have any new emails in my inbox today
ah it's excellent, olly.
My top up isnt working
is it possible for you to read the things on my shopping list
thanks but i think you do not understand this right.
delete the old playlist and create new
delete my grocery list in my notes
Is it possible to get both Visa and Mastercard from you?
thats not it please do it again.
I want to make a complaint to the consumer
The incorrect rate was used in my foreign purchase
by bus, how long would it take to get to detroit
give me the timezone where vancouver is
Search for new email after 5pm
how long can i keep avocados in the fridge before they go bad
I'd like to provide my daughter with a card - could I get an additional card from my account to give her?
how many mpg does this car have
i want to sign up for a new allstate insurance plan
please put me your input to know my schedule
news from CNN
what's my next appointment
I have a transaction and would like to know if I it's cancelable?
Does Obama have a Twitter?
find a recipe for homemade bread
can you check what i last said please.
what's my vacation day total
i am not clear about last sentence.
can u give the date today
i need $20000 transferred from my savings to my checking
when does panama city mall open
what's the name you like to be called
tell me about price of stock for innova
make me a cappuccino
Please show me detail of current playing song.
can you speak once again.
please take feeding the fish off of my list of tasks to complete
PDA name: make an alarm for 5pm on tuesday
it has a meaning of rhythm
what am i able to ask the ai
play song over the rainbow
i need bananas on the list too
i would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
A WD was just made on my account, but it was not me and I still have my card.  What to do?
Why didn't my payment process
headline news for texas
My card was stolen. What do I need to do?
i need all the local events for this area that are being held this weekend
Alexa, what's going on in Chicago?
what is life’s meaning
What is the reason my cash withdrawal is still pending?
what is the best recipe for tacos
What is the strange cash withdrawal on my statement?
Why has my money been returned back to my card.
can someone take a look at my car because the check engine light is on
play my recently downloaded songs
What's on my list today?
I attempted to get money using a foreign currency at an ATM but the rate was highly inaccurate!
please further elaborate your response.
play audiobook where we left off
what events are scheduled for me to do today
Hey, I ordered a thing but changed my mind and want a refund on it. Since I haven't received the thing, would you just go ahead and cancel the payment for me?
Find the latest Disney podcast.
Is it possible to get another card?
reduce the intensity of lights
where can i go shopping in this area
Reply to the email from John
Who can request disposable cards?
what is the us dollar equivalent of one euro
I found my card, am I able to put it back into the app?
i want you to buy me a shirt
I did a cash deposit to my account but my balance is still the same. What happened?
alexa how would you describe a ball?
I have never been charged for making an ATM cash withdrawal before, but I am now being charged a fee to withdraw cash. What happened?
does not really matter for me.
what events are coming up
describe item xy
how many alarms are set
Cortana, please shut the lights.
Is there places where I can't withdraw money?
can you end the task
make a new list for me
Play volume 2 of Nutritional Facts
how long does it take to cook hot pockets
When it is 9:00 in the East, what time is it in the West?
Approximately how long will an urgent transfer from China take?
when am i paid
what is the minimum i can pay for my telephone bill
I think I have an extra transfer charge.
How was your day?
i couldn't get what you've said.
in the following week repeat this event at ten am every day
Yesterday, I made an incorrect payment to the wrong account for my rent payment. I need this addressed as soon as possible and the funds transferred to the correct account by no later than tomorrow.
what the traffic condition outside my office?
speak in dutch
Why isn't my card working anymore?
My contactless stopped working today no matter where I try to use it. How do I get it to start working again?
vacuum start
tell me the carry-on rules for my flight
what restaurants are open near me
What is the current exchange fee?
Which card would I get, Visa or Mastercard?
how would i say if i were english subway
Can you please tell me why I was charged an extra fee on my transfer?
check the status of my power usage
do i need umbrella for night
yes it's excellent.
How far is San Francisco from LA?
Read me new emails
Does selena gomez has a scandal?
set notification for news on the stock market
i need an uber with a car seat for 2 adults and one child to take us to wilmington, de
do i have email from my friend rachel
Can you search for me?
does not matter.
can you tell me delta's carry on policy
how many days have i used
i'd like you stop.
Which currencies will you exchange?
i want to listen to the radio
where do i recieve a w2
How much US money do I get from 1000 kroner?
Do you know the weather?
What is there to do here?
I topped up and now my money is not there anymore! What happened to it?
When is Bruno Mars coming to Sacramento?
My card has not come in the mail yet.
how long do i need to cook a brisket for it to be medium
Set an alarm for tomorrow, Monday at 8am
awesome job, you have done well.
You will hear back from us about your verification results in 10 minutes to a one hour timeframe.  If these verification results do fail, please double-check to make sure your images are clear and have no glare or blur; your photos need to be fully readable.  You need to be 18 years of age or older and a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to create an account.
journal entry for today
skip to next episode
please reset your factory settings
check on the delivery of my current order
Why do I get declined when I try to withdraw cash?
would you tell me it one more again.
Someone is using my card to purchase flights to New York it's not me because I'm not going to New York, please can you cancel the card and refund the money?
can i get a recipe for tuna
where is the nearest restaurant here
I already have one of your cards, how do I link them?
set a new alarm for that time
please mark the date 1/2/2017 and set the reminder at 5 pm  to make an appointment with mr. Richard.
Please, activate my card
Please email Mary and tell her I'll have her files ready in the morning.
is there any program for tomorrow evening
what is the total amount i pay in taxes
Olly, do you have any advise for me how I should handle
I can see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
what does a soccer ball look like
i want to report fraudulent activity on my discover card
i need more checkbooks delivered to me by mail
make a list of all the clothing range available on ralph and lauren
I am extremely unhappy with this app and want to get rid of my account?
i need you to roll dice now
buy a train ticket to cleveland for april fourteenth
i can not use my card since it is damaged
What can I do in Charlotte?
phone lobby
What's the process for topping up by card?
why am i seeing a hold on my charles schwab account
does outback steakhouse have good reviews
Will the pizza be here soon?
please speak german to me from now on
what is the traffic today
I did a bank transfer to top up, but the money is not available.
Are there restrictions to transfers to certain accounts?
i would like to know the name you have for me
could you order sushi for tonight dinner
Please tell me the current date
I got a message that I need to verify my identity; what do I do?
tell me what is owed for my water and gas bills
my credit card was stolen; how long before a new one will arrive
Is this event date right?
play my rap playlist
send 'give the details asap' to john@gmail.com
get me a person asap
How do I verify the top-up?
mute for the next hour please
find my cellphone
i will need a rental car since i'm going to travel to new york
The app is showing mt withdrawals that aren't  mine.
remind me at 1pm
would you shut off.
start reading that alan partridge book
put the last song on repeat
set generic calendar event for next saturday at ten am
i need to get some more checkbooks mailed to me
play wuthering heights from where i left off
it's useful, thank you so much.
olly will you shut down.
whisper from here on out please
what is name of the song currently playing
You did not apply the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
inform about best circus near me
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
I need a meeting to be schedule with this person
olly i will talk to you later.
get me a hotel in phoenix near chase field from january 4th to the 8th
can you give me an appraisal of my card's apr
You promised no fees but now I've got one. What the hell!?
i want to set up direct deposit to my charles schwab account
what is the next song to be played
PDA, I'd like an alarm set for this Saturday at 10.
repeat what i've just said please.
add these documents to the things i need to travel with
fantastic work, you did well.
you've been a great help
Can you change the light colors into dark in the house?
Help me. My transfer was declined. How could this happen?
There is a missing transfer on my account
Why haven't I received my new card yet?
give me instruction mannual on how to change oil
Show me concerts in Sacramento
How many pounds would I get for $100?
How many countries are in the European Union?
check for the color requirement
turn off all lights
I was charged for using my card?
play help! by the beatles
are there any current travel alerts for brazil
Please help me with my card payments which keeps getting reverted whenever i do online shopping. I am having this problem since last two weeks.
remove books from list
How long will it take to get to the US?
how many calories did i burn with my fifty minutes of yoga
remove number three alarm of list
show me more about the presidential election
Could you help me reactivate my card? It was previously lost, but I found it this morning in my jacket.
how much have i spent on books recently
where are the nutrition facts for cheerios
I feel like Jazz right now, how about you?
how many hours remaining to reach midnight in city
Do I need any kind of documentation for the identity check?
Is my card ready for use or does it need activated and if so how?
will i need an umbrella today
do i have soda on my shopping list if not please add it
Please, how do I order a card?
i'd like an espresso
Give me Charles telephone number.
Research the clients that will attend the meeting
What do my lists look like?
how much is my credit limit
can u make coffee
get me with new list.
is there traffic on my way to work today
Can you tell me if my top-up has been cancelled?
trending social media
ah that was amazing job.
Can you tell me why I was declined from getting cash?
is there another entity you work for
Can I reactivate a card I thought I lost?
It's been some time since refilled the top-up.
s2, i don't get your words.
let my bank know that i'm traveling to prague
make a list of all the clothing range available on ralph and lauren
in french, how do i say, see you later
s2, i could not catch up with you.
if it's sunrise in stockholm what time is it in okinawa
my card was not in the mail again can you advise?
There is a transaction for $1 and I don't know why it was charged.
french time zone
Let's play my most played song list
On my last trip, I received the incorrect exchange rate.
My top-up never worked
There was an extra charge when I used my card
Why is the exchange rate terrible?  That can't be close to the actual interbank rate.
My top-up was reverted by the app.
lower the lights in the living room
Bank transfer to account did not show up, please help?
please tell me the reason for the hold on my bb&t account
greg wants black coffee can you make one
Is there a fee for topping up by charge card?
it's dark in the living room
I want to hear study playlist.
I am experiencing difficulty providing my identity.
uefa european championship
what do i have scheduled on july seventh
I believe my top up did not work.
how can i apply for a visa card, please
How long can an EU transfer take?
how long until my water bill is due
what's a good place to eat chinese in san francisco
What is the composition of our nails?
If I found an error in my account for a transaction I didn't make, how long to I have to dispute it?
play bingo
nice work, you have done well, olly.
set reminder notification for three o'clock
why did bob dylan earn a nobel peace prize
the definition of life
What currency's can i exchange for?
rj raunak programme play on ninety two point seven fm
There is a charge for an additional pound.
can we stop my bank account
Do I have to manually top up once I'm too low?
change the color of my lights to something random
what name would you like me to use
Take out available, Louies
I have not used my card all day, however, there is an unusual payment showing in my app.  I would like to have that amount reimbursed.
tell me the weather for this week
When will my top up be applied?
what is the total number of pets that you have
Delete all of my account information and my account right now.
can you speak faster
I need help from someone in your department with finding my nearest ATM.
olly, i'd like a coffee please
I paid with card and I was charged a fee
Why is the purchase I made this morning still pending?
Will this app allow me to exchange currencies?
how much indian rupees per u. s. d. today
tag. you're it.
check recent to do list
i think my card was declined at wal mart and i want to know why
I didn't take out money from an ATM but my app statement shows that I did. How can I fix this?
i want to hear jokes about toddlers
meetings from twenty to twenty five june
rate this song five stars and save the rating
I want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me, like how often I've eaten out this month.
Is it a rainy and stormy day?
find out when my next upcoming payday will be
what kinds of activities do you enjoy
i gotta know the the carry-on restrictions for american airlines
can i make a phone call
play me news radio channel
Can you play emo music, please?
i want to rent a car in boise from april 12-15
brighten the light at seventy percent
share my gps coordinates with jim
train ticket please
it is unimportant to me.
Tell me all the pending reminders
open games
I was able to find my card. How to I go about putting it into my app?
i want to know my interest rate
please could you check what said.
please look up local restaurants that are open now
describe a tomatillo
tell me who will win the next presidential election
erase my next calendar event
please post this message to my Facebook page
how long can i expect to wait for a restaurant table
confirm detail.
what did you just mention
can you play beats 1 rtadio
hows the food order going
Are there limits with top-up?
My last ATM request did not go through due to a declined card. Please cancel the request on my account.
Repeat this event every Friday on my calendar.
Can you tell me if I have any new emails?
how good are the ratings for longhorn steakhouse
what time is it in los angeles
My money I added isn't on my card.
How many states have the death penalty?
let's try what you said one more time again please.
Explain object
I know I'm getting a new card but would like know when I can expect to receive it.
Activate the radio please.
Can you tell me if my pop-up went through?
anything new on insta
Why on earth do you need so much personal id info from me?
Explain to me how a clock works in precise detail.
what day is it on fifth december
Delete from playlist my Old English Songs list
I need some rap!
tell me mary's cell number
There is a transaction for $1 and I don't know why it was charged.
play my play list
please negative response tweet on daikin service
I received duplicate charges.
i like you stop.
it's good.
Will you send the email to Greg?
that's good one, thank you very much.
PLEASE MAKE A TWEET  TO DELL COMPANY  ABOUT THE FAULTY SERVICE OF  LAPTOP.
that's all i need, i'm going now
cooking recipe
do i have any meetings scheduled today
How do I get my card out of the ATM?
how do i cook a pasta
you don't understand it right.
Is it possible to top up with cash? If so how do I do it?
tell me what the weather is looking like
where can i get a shot of tequila and some to go mexican food
whats needed to make pizza
uhh no, you didn't understand what i was searching for.
Learn to cut potatoes correctly
Tell me the preparation method for Chicken 65
Where do you get your exchange rates from?
Why is  my balance not updated?
Yesterday I topped up my card. Why didn't it complete as it still pending?
lets hear some groovy tunes
i need more light
What wine is best for dinner?
My transfer was declined, why is that?
what do you mean.
can you schedule a meeting with matt for 3
What traits would be on a moral inventory?
can you remind me to finish a task
it's eight fifty five here what time is it in england
Is there such thing as top up by cheque?
i am wanting to know who programmed you
what is twelve divided by four
what does the weather look like
i need to pay my visa
open gallery post video name
does the mediterranean grille have good reviews
Are you able to make exchanges to EUR?
Apple watch top up help, please?
will i be safe going to south america
do i need a socket converter in england
i like rock music
What did the S&P close out at?
what does a beech tree look like
if i redeem my credit card points, can i get a kroeger gift card
unhappy with you, how to delete account
yeap wonderful response to the command.
does myanmar have any travel alerts i should be aware of
unsync my phone now please
Find me the best knock knock joke on the internet.
define god
please can you confirm details.
Repeat the last message
show me all transactions for current statement
I need help to resolve mix up on my card payment. My account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account. Then I received a message from the seller, It said that they did not get my payment.
show me a spaghetti recipe
download and save song of dangal movie
please remove this event from my calendar
How do I know which countries you provide service in?
hi, i'm john
search for new jokes
start making some coffee
what are you going to use my identification details for?
turn off socket
find a recipe for german chocolate cake
I want a virtual card!
please delete list titled kickball
Give me the shopping list.
recent headlines
Which event should I attend in my area?
how much gas is in the tank
i didn't understand you
can i get my w-2 online
What is the definition of capricious?
Can I withdraw money in my hometown currency while on holiday without any additional fees?
I need to change my PIN.
Can I get information on topping up?
I have withdrawn cash from ATM but i received the wrong amount. I want cash back as in app its showing actual amount which i got. Please help me in this.
Set a reminder to attend PTA on Tuesday.
Does it matter which card I use
tweet complaint to consumer service
put xxx on the list
Is my country supported
throw away my to do list please
where is the closest mexican restaurant
retrieve the light for me
turn off lights in all bathrooms
start pandora
send this song to my favorites
what day will my paycheck come
Instead of GBP, how do I exchange for AUD?
Use credit card to transfer money
I have a card payment that has been pending for some time and would like to know when it is going to go through.
please tell me if you are a bot
Why have I been charged a fee for cash withdrawal?
roll a 6 sided dice
where are the boston redsox playing next
Why hasn't my balance been updated? I've deposited a few cheques some days ago!
what is the current exchange rate from u. s. d. to rupies
I don't want to verify my identity
save information about love of beyonc
find the right amount of cinnamon for the garam masala
what things are on my todo list
What is trending on Twitter?
Brighten up the room
Show me the stock prices of Target today.
Definition and use in sentence the word absolute.
give me examples of what to ask you
How many new emails are there in my Gmail?
Tweet Pizza Hut their delivery guy is an hour late.
can you please check the detail.
get xxx on the list
set my alarm for quarter after six tomorrow
How can i get new card?
how do i properly give my car a jump
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I am not sure why.
Olly, how much is a stock of Apple worth?
i need an uber for 5 people to go to wendys
PLease continue reading audiobook
what is the city fuel efficiency for this car
change audio settings to the whisper option
Calculate the resistance of this resistor.
olly please shut down.
I need to check status as my friend hasn't got money I sent.
Mute speaker
can you please freeze my account
What's the stupidest question anyone ever asked you?
I'm supposed to have a refund but it isn't there
Please tell me what the word home means
book me a train ticket to new york city on the third i don't care what time
Please increase the volume of the current song
I was under the impression ATM cash withdrawals were free. Why was I suddenly charged for my most recent ATM transaction?
Play songs by ilayaraja artist
stock price fb
What cash stations take this card?
meetings from 20 to 25 june
Where is the car?
I can't get money out of the ATM
clear all from my iphone
i need more light
the app reverted my payment
Does your app allow currency exchange from USD to GBP?
how soon will I see the transfer in my account?
how high is my credit limit for my walmart card
make sure to put extra paint on the list
I tried to get cash out of the ATM but it is taking too long
What is the source of my money?
can i call a restaurant
would you tell me my bank balance
start vacuum cleaner
I need to see where my money came from.
i want you to speak to me faster
please will you confirm my last command.
change the volume of the speakers
i'm thinking someone may have used my card in a fraudulent way
Can I use my card while on vacation overseas?
you rock,.
whats the latest on flight dl123
Resume playing X.
Do you give refunds?
Remove alarm of 7.30 a.m. on monday
mashed potato's nutrition
Turn on an alarm for 3:30pm today
please make me some coffee
tell me why my card was declined
Convert current time from IST to EST
Can you explain the virtual cards limit?
Remind me in the morning to call my mother.
What is the minimum age?
I think I want AUD and not GBP, can you help?
it's helpful, appreciated.
My PIN tries have run out. Now what?
I was only given $20 after trying to withdraw $100
How can I view the source of my available funds?
can you tell me how much pto have i use
what is the meaning of the word lux
what events are in my clender for today
show traffic in ohio
How is the current weather in California.
I'm interested in getting a virtual card.  How do I get one?
list my lists please
Please tell me where I can update my details since I moved.
Who do I have a meeting with on January 19th in the afternoon?
what's the exact time we get food delivered once we place an order for food
i need to know my bank balance
did you get last thing said correctly?
i dont recognize a charge on my card
What is the tracking number for the card you sent?
Olly, play This Week For Dinner now.
When last did I receive a new email?
put in an alarm for 5pm
tell me that words spoke again please.
Why hasn't my payment gone through yet?
what is the answer to dollars minus dollars
Add picture to facebook.
tell apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
what if you want to obtain a new credit card
turn on the local radio
When I tried to transfer funds to my friend today I was unable to do so, why?
trash my list
do i have anything on my to do list
Check with news to see anything new on Trump.
it does not matter with me, olly.
Please check my inbox and tell me if there are any new arrivals
i must know my water bill minimum payment
tell me once more please.
if you were traveling to indonesia, as i am, would you have your shots updated before your visit
What is the limit to disposable cards you can have?
is there traffic on the way
Set up the meeting with Justin and Katrina.
What are the steps to activate the card, as it does not seem to work?
In my account I noticed my ATM withdrawal is still pending
What is a transistor?
i am going to russia and am wondering if i need a visa
convert ten miles to kilometers
next track
I want a new card
save this songs genre for me
Can my friend send me money?
what is 87 divided by 4
Do I have an option between Visa and MasterCard?
Is it 2nd Saturday on 12th.
is my reservation confirmed for lu shi at 7 pm
can you tell me if i have any alarms set
can you turn on the vacuum
olly that is enough, just cancel.
Do charge fees for transfers?
My money transfer has not arrived.
can you let me know if my vacation was approved
how many years do you have
I accidentally blocked my PIN. How do I reset it?
play a angry bird.
Which foreign currencies can I get transferred into my account?
Latest news on traffic at my current location.
I don't know what to do. Should I transfer funds. My account is out of money.
what's the status of my medical leave
Who accepts my card?
What country's money can I hold currency in?
report to the company that i damaged my card
please repeat that.
I'd like to send an email to the new receptionist's email.
i want volume on my speakers
Add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
Down the valume
today is which day of the week
can i rent a sports car in augusta for 3/4 through 3/8
PDA play this program
Cancel my meeting with Lisa on Tuesday and reschedule it for Thursday
what is the time in the utc timezone
tell me all local events
Can I check to see where the funds came from?
i want to see all set alarms
i want some coffee
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that I did not do
go over my shopping list with me
can you put smooth operator by sade on my playlist
how long should i cook a ny steak
would you mind telling me the time
run indian folk song
when was the last call i received from jordan
can you delete my todo list please
what are the nutrition facts for greek yogurt
play the song called i want it that way
check new emails
do i need a new card yet
do when you when my replacement card will get mailed
What do I do to close my account?
please save my rating on this song it is five stars please
show me upcoming events in chicago
please Can i know what time will it be at 6 pm here in Australia?
I'd prefer a Mastercard.
the music of this song is very melodious and relaxing
I did not make a cash withdrawal that is on my statement
Can I make multiple online transactions with my virtual card?
I could not access my money at the ATM
Can someone assist me with updating my account details with changing my last name?
Let me know the alarm time.
How can I close my account?
boost volume to 4
in six days, what will it be
I looked at my statement, and there is a charge for 1£ that I don't recognize.  Why is it on there?
may i know the about alarm you set
I was trying to purchase something at the store today and my card has been declined.  Why has this happened?
affirmitive
call sarah
how many vacation days have i accumulated
Is it possible to change my pin if i am out of the country?
How do you do currency exchanges?
What is the weather this week for Miami
Is my card payment reverted?
put the news on bbc
TO COMPARE IN PEOPLE
was my car in the shop this past week
What is this song
How can I look at where my available cash is coming from?
the exchange rate for my withdrawal is wrong
list local ongoing exhibitions
Is there a reason my transfer failed?
please locate me on the map and show me
email happy new year to john
Play my R&B playlist
i would like more checks sent to my address
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
what can i use as a substitute for yeast
I cannot activate my card.
what is the maximum dollars i can get for 6 yens
How many physical cards am I allowed to have?
I forgot my password to get into the app!
How do I make more than one disposable card in a day?
Hey Olly, send a meeting invite to Mr. Ross for this Friday's meeting and block my calendar for Friday afternoon.
Can you please help me with this exchange?  I am trying to get crypto and the app won't let me.
will you please assist me with renting a car in boise
how many lists are open
how many hook ups had richard feynman
i want to put in a pto request for march 1-8
set an alarm for me for 10:00 and another one set for 4:00
How can I transfer money using my credit card?
Create an alarm at 4 o'clock tomorrow morning.
book a train ticket from los angeles to chicago that goes via miami
switch over to the male voice mode
what are the carry-on restrictions for delta
delete all events from calender
how long should i cook country fried potatoes for
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but not exactly the same as the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you alert me about this. What's been happening?
Tweet my complaint on targets customer service
what will you call me
My Facebook update in every 3 hour should be available.
I want to add money but don't know what currencies you accept, can you tell me?
was there any progress on my vacation request
I recently transferred money to my account when will it show up?
you did it exactly.
Do I currently have any alarms set?
Is my schedule for July 7th completely open?
what is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
dial x's number
Is there an option to top up a with cheque?
how is the traffic in broadway street
yeap correct response to command.
tell me things i can do in chicago
what is the rate for g. b. p. to u. s. d.
Someone used my card without my permission.
i want to know the name of the song that's playing
Explain to me about what different countries are represented in the Book of Revelation
when does my current job have the next official paid holiday
vacuum the house
could you tell me today's date
How can get a Visa card?
do i need cables to jump start my car
I attempted to get money using a foreign currency at an ATM but the rate was highly inaccurate!
i think you did that in wrong manner.
how much is my comcast bill
i think you did a mistake, please fix this.
My card declined
anything is ok with me.
funny story
There is a payment that is not mine in the App.
Would I be able to open an account for my daughter?
I was late today for the meeting you would not believe what happened
exchange rate with these currencies
do i have any events scheduled today
say again.
what time does the train arrive
what are popular mountains to hike in arizona
send to 'john@gmail.com' a message 'happy new year'
Are there dog shows going on near New York city?
tell me a joke about dogs
tweet british airways that my last flight from chicago to london was delayed
s1, please once again clarify to me.
remind me to move <unk> so there is no weight gain
please confirm the detail.
how old is rihanna
I was just contacted by a seller that let me know they didn't get my money even though I'm very sure it was removed from my account. Now it's back in my account. Get this resolved quickly.
how is my credit looking
Can you help me with a weird charge?  It's a pound charge that never goes away from the statement view on the app I'm using.  It's not described as anything but "Pending", and that status has never changed during the last two days.
I bought a product a week ago, but may need to return it.
Coffee please.
tell me when i need to replace my tires, if i replaced them on october 1, 2017
The ATM stole my card!
Open The Two Towers and play.
i love the song do you
Please remove the alarm set for Wednesday called kickball.
Please help revert my transaction from this morning.
Show the list of upcoming events
Why is there a €1 charge on my statement?
What are the cards and currencies that you support?
what is my chase card's rewards balance
turn your voice box down
can you please repeat that response
after how much time is it still safe to drink milk that is in the fridge
now that i have a new job, i need getting my 401k rolled over
start making a coffee
alexa describe to me what a ball looks like
do not wake me up tomorrow
unmute the speaker now
Olly, remove all of my alarms.
please revert to your factory settings
what can i substitute butter with
anything will be okay with me.
I need some ideas for dinner that are Mexican.
What's happening at the library this month?
record the opinion of each individual about this song
What is the song name
can you please make a coffee
Why is  my balance not updated?
Olly Hackernews
stolen phone, what should i do
How long will a transfer from China take? I need to transfer something from there.
which week is twenty third
Tweet Lfix and let them know my app crashed.
down
Can I use my card anywhere I want?
Vacuum cleaner, start!
you are awesome, i appreciate it, olly.
are there any new emails from name
I want to end my account
I made a cash deposit almost a week ago but it's still not there!! please sort this out asap I need the money
I have a pending transfer
what is on this specific list
can you tell me a joke
hi there do you offer home delivery for orders
I need to activate my card.
activate robot vacuum
that's wrong.
good to see you
Can you tell me what this cash withdrawal is?
s1, would you again clarify me on it please.
book a ticket for the evening train line
Why is my PIN blocked?
Where can I locate my PIN at?
do i have a doctors appointment today
did i create a task to clean the gutters on my list
tell me about joose
What is the definition of forensic?
please remind to sleep at nine pm
i like red colour for my home change it
radio programm
I couldn't pay with my card
how do i change the oil in my car
Where do I unblock my PIN?
is traveling to dublin safe (will dublin be safe)
help me and let me know when i should replace my tires next if i last replaced them on june 2
what is happening on facebook
I believe a wrong exchange rate was applied towards a cash transaction I made abroad.
Send email to my brother
who developed your internal code
which company programmed you
What if I had junk food and heavy drinks
describe a romantic love
what do you like to do besides work
tell me my current credit rating
I think there's been an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account.
my account appears to be blocked and i don't know why
My top up is not showing up in my wallet!
please reduce the speaker volume
will you please check it.
i was unclear about it.
play the radio station pop
what is the time difference between pacific and central
Payment i did not do
how many gallons do i have left in my gas tank
I just got married and I need to change my name
turn on hall lights
can you tell me about the meaning of life
please can you check that.
How do I link a new card in the app?
turn wemo plug socket on
what will the weather be on friday
PDA, What's the directions to the nearest pizza hut?
please turn on radio on seven am
what you've said is not clear to me.
please set the lighting suitable for reading
PDA, Can u increase the volume of the speakers?
When will the transfer go through?
Will you work with any fiat currencies?
May I know what is trending in twitter?
could you please help me to order some sushi from deliveroo
how many points are on my speedway card right now
Rates were applied wrong while using foreign currency at an ATM.
when was the last date that i was paid
book my chair class ac train ticket from manhattan to new york
I've checked multiple times to make sure the account number listed is the right one after attempting to make a transfer within the country the day before yesterday. The transfer is still not available so can you please find out what is going on?
recommend a local steak restaurant
Set a notification for 5th March that I have a doctor's appointment at 10 AM.
tell me the answer to 1000 divided by 40
Could you please send and email to my friend Susie letting her know I won't be at church tomorrow?
I am seeing unathorized transactions in the app, on my account.
save appointment to list
When can I expect my card to arrive?
set a reminder on fifteenth march as meeting
i think this is not correct command.
link me to jeff's email
Can you please check the exchange rate when I was getting cash?
Please turn off my alarm for this evening
I've been waiting longer than expected for my card.
i think you have made a mistake, please rectify this.
When I travel, what will it cost to switch for my currency?
If it's ten pm in California, what time is it in Alabama?
can you please tell me about the status of my credit card application
Do you accept any card and currency?
I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I can't use the app, so I need some help.
am i on vacation this week
what did you just say in the last conversation.
call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
Can you tell me why my credit card was declined while trying to top-up?
i couldn't catch that.
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
How many alarms do I have set?
Initiate the robot vacuum cleaner
if there any alarm is set then let me know
How do I go about transferring money into my bank account?
delete every event
I think my card payment was reverted
is snap doing good after the ipo
would not mind to select any one, olly.
how are british plugs
tell me how you're made
I need an email to be sent to comcast.com about my service issues.
I have a new card. How do I activate it?
What is the function of the identity check
Turn to station 102.7, Ally.
my virtual card has not came yet!
play item 1
i got to pay my cable bill
i have spent a lot on groceries lately
Get me Osteen on sirius?
can i refer to you as mike from here on out
what cd is this song on
Why did the disposable virtual card which I used to pay a gym subscription get denied?
checkout domino centre near me and order cheese pizza
Cortana, what song is playing on Windows Media Player?
do i have any new emails in my inbox today
what sorts of queries should i give you
I don't understand why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement.
get a uber for two to go to a romantic dinner at mcdonalds
give me the tire pressure for the car
let me know chase's routing number
Explain Bob Dylan
remind me that i like that song
What is the weather now?
can i switch cream out for milk
thank you for your answers, olly.
what's the weather like today
make the lights in the house red
who's playing this
PDA, what is the weather of this week?
just cancel.
Entertainment
How is lasagne made
i think this is not correct.
can i still make changes to my order, or has it already been shipped
Will I be charged for topping up by card?
Please clear Jeff's birthday from the calendar.
i need an appointment for someone to check out my check engine light being on
Will the highest temperature be more than 70 degrees tomorrow?
Please purchase a Amtrak ticket from Las Vegas, Nevada to Lakeland, Florida leaving on the first of April.
how long should i boil eggs
What alarms do I have set for Thursday?
Please advise what is the exchange rate
How come I didn't get a virtual card yet?
can i use dark brown sugar instead of brown sugar
i need to know how to change my oil
Help, the ATM didn't give me all the money I requested
please check all new email of income tax department
play most popular songs by barenaked ladies
tell me what tomorrow's date is
Any breaking news from The Huffington Post?
if there is event of show then remove it.
Look up what this word means
i cannot use my card cuz it's damaged
How hot are summers in Gibraltar?
Can I use this account to receive my salary?
Is it true that Beyonce is having twins?
Send answer to George.
can i speak spanish to you hombre
I'd like to know why my top-up was canceled please.
a cup of coffee please
Domino's Pizza consumer service complaint
can i increase the credit limit on my target card
put in a pto request for march 4 to march 6
I don't know what to do. Should I transfer funds. My account is out of money.
What does it mean if my top-up has not gone through?
move rap god to my motivational playlist
would you set my alarm for 10:00 and another for 3:00
what are the prices to get to chicago on a train book the cheapest one
sorry no idea
check to see if i have reservations at prado at 6 pm
start a takeaway order for me
give me some ideas of how to avoid my credit score lowering
play the next episode of podcast.
help me set a reminder to work out
please read me my alarms
How long will my top-up be pending?
I have an emergency and lost my phone.  I need help accessing my account.
PDA please start an email to Jesse.
how would i go about getting more checks for my western union account
Tell me current time at Newyork
tell me the last day i can pay my gas bill
I have used all my PIN tries, what now?
yes correct response to the command.
How much is 1gbp in usd?
Is it cold out?
cancel the alarm at four am ten pm
What is johncena
can you show me how to change the oil in my car
The expiration date on my card is coming up
I cannot withdraw money from the ATM
where do people shop for clothes here
What is the estimated wait time on a US transfer into my account?
s2, i do not catch up with you.
Create a new list of grocery store
i need you to reserve a table for 6:00 pm for three at devon's seafood
How can I top up my account by bank transfer?
What is the time frame that transfers normally take from a UK account? I just completed a transfer and nothing shows up. I need to know if everything is alright.
Why is there an extra charge for money that was withdrawn?
check my domestic to do list for carpet cleaning
dammit, it isn't what i asked.
what is the interest rate at pnc
play songs bu Adele
Help me unblock my account.  I entered the PIN wrong too many times.
can you check with my credit card company and see if i can redeem my points
How much Indian Rupees per USD today?
show me what I can do with fitness
who do i contact about updating my insurance
get me fresh news
turn on the wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
please cancel my reservation for 5 at red robin
Play Me the latest song of Adele
s2, i was unclear about your response.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE FORMULA FOR THE PERIMETER OF A RECTANGLE?
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and euro
tell me what alarms are set for me
I would like to cancel my account.
turns my son's room lights off
are you employed by me
Eliminate the list KICKBALL, but make sure the contacts remain.
what is the price of starbuck's stock
can you notify me when my vacation days have approved
Explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
can you tell me on tuesday to give jane a call
i forgot my pin number to my chase account
can you suggest a restaurant for me to eat tonight
where can i go to find out my credit limit
I am under the impression that my top up is still pending
Where was Hugh Jackson born?
make changes to the name of the ai
have i been sent my w-2 in my email
Is there a way I can get my ATM card back from the machine?
how's the sausage pizza at pizza hut
play hopsin from my latest playlist
what is the traffic like right now
so why was my card declined yesterday
for the dates april 1st to the 7th, find me round trip air tickets from la to sfo
Why is the check I deposited this morning not showing up?
mpg for this car please
give me an eta on when i will arrive at my destination
check for new emails
can you call mary
how many vacation days do i have remaining, please
again elaborate.
where is a good wine bar near me
can you send a tweet to lif saying that their app crashed
switch off the power
How do I report my card lost or stolen?
Is there a charge for physical cards
send tweet to united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
i want to to schedule maintenance on my vehicle
I don't remember my password
that was great, thank you.
How come the money from the merchant appeared back into my account?
If I have this card, which ATMs can I go to?
Is the 1 pound charge going to be reimbursed on my card?
I received a "declined" message when doing a transfer
which insurance plan to i have
new york time please
can you change the light colors in the house
where is kansas located
can you raise the lights for me please
Tell me when my next meeting is.
start a cup of coffee for me
that appears true
what is the pressure like on my tires
is my order shown as delivered
hey olly mute the speakers
please will you confirm the last thing said.
can you find a nice restaurant downtown
Do you support the EU?
please ask mr coffee to make a latte
I'm pretty sure my top up is still pending.
any recommendations for a greek dinner
play my game
raise the light
will i need vaccines for my trip
will I need a raincoat when I go to glasgow on sunday
i gotta find the interest rate for my checking account
do i have any appointments on my calendar march 22nd
i'm telling you this is a true statement
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
What is playing at AMC 20?
Respond to my bosses email with the word that I will be in at 4 in the evening.
please confirm my last instruction.
Do I have to go to an actual bank to change my PIN?
Fix my top up
i need to know your name
show me the available colours of lights
find a mechanic to look at my check engine light
Is there a fee for currency exchange?
can i use pepper instead of salt
can you change the living room lights to a softer color
I have a direct debit charge that I do not recognize
I'd like to open an account for my kids can I do that?
roll those dice once
silent mode
check my car's tire pressure
show me the reviews for the new jalapeno fries at taco bell
nightime
I got less cash because of the exchange rate.
I want to get a refund.
Why is my card payment still a pending transaction?
where monet's exhibition takes place
I need the exchange rate for the US dolalr and the Euro.
I need to verify the source of funds.
how old are cristiano ronaldo
how many vacation and sick days have i taken
Will it be possible to change from USD to GBP with this App?
am i your employer
I just saw a fee on my account. When do these get charged?
Please show me marathon nearby me
i need a taxi in thirty minutes
Editing my personal details
I need to verify my funds.
s1, please rephrase more on your response.
can you please disconnect from my phone
power off please
oh no, you gave me wrong information.
turn lights off
create a list of books to be ordered
i want the lights less brighter
that's useful, thank you very much.
Can you direct me to the menu for the highest-rated Chinese carryout near me?
remove my list of contacts from work
olly that's all, just stop it.
start vacuum bot
make a reminder to pay my cable bill today
what is the minimum payable amount for my rent bill this month
The ATM didn't give me the the withdraw amount requested.
I went tot the ATM earlier today and didn't realize this till now but I did not get all the money I requested.  I believe my account was charged for 100 but I only got 80.  Is there any way we can solve this problem?
i am needing to know who made you
end pause on audio book history of rome
respond back to the mail
what should i buy to make burritos tonight
If I want to get an account for my daughter, can I do that?
What do I do if I have forgotten my passcode?
search the region
provide a joke
ai, do you like your name
you can call me carrie
What events are happening this weekend in my area?
Where is Los Angeles?
My card hasn't came in the mail yet?
headlines from dhaka tribune
doesn't matter, olly.
what's next on the list
Listen to Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
are there any events on my calendar for this week
my pin hasn't arrived in the post! How do I cancel it or get a new one?
could you check it.
Please explain why my payment was declined? I thought everything was good.
Whats the best way to france?
Is my alarm set for 7:00 am?
My card hasn't shown up yet.
tell me how to check rewards for my mastercard
Olly I went to Walmart today
I could not get the cash I wanted
can you shut up please.
power off please
when is the expiration date for me discover
How long does it take for my top up to clear?
erase spaghetti from list
What do I do to stop unauthorized transactions on my card? I was never in the place from which the transactions on my bill were made and I never made them. Please help!
ally please play pandora radio
walk me through making changes to my insurance policy
Did Prince have children?
how old is the ai
tell me the current meetings .
explain my health benefits
I entered my pin wrong  too many times.
what's happening near me this week
might you have any hobbies
can you suggest any good meals from chicago
recipes
confirm what just said please.
search for new jokes
start the timer
Describe ...
please provide current time in india
I needed to send my friends some money urgently.  I tried multiple times to transfer the money this morning, but the transfer keeps failing.  Can you tell me why the transfer is getting rejected?
Show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week.
thanks for talking to me
Is it free for top ups?
How many times can I use the disposable virtual card I have?
list insurance benefits
how is the traffic in MG road?
repeat reminder for my schedule for christmas
is this where i get a w2
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
remind me that I have to go see Hannah about our math project next Tuesday at 10pm
How would be the weather today evening
what is the process for ordering new checks
facts
can you look and see how many days off i have taken so far since january
how long will i have to wait if i want to eat at panera
i want to go to mcdo
list things on my list
give me the weather for merced at three pm
define and describe an ultraviolet ray
I am seeing pending from the card payment I made.
rename bob to betty
recommend a movie for me
Hi, Could you please help me as someone has stolen my wallet few hours ago. And a withdrawal is made, please help immediately. As i don't want to suffer more.
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash when I exchanged it overseas.
The card got declined twice when I tried to use it to buy something online yesterday.
pls turn off  all the lights in my house
Echo, remove my bedtime alarm
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
Can you explain to me why a cash withdrawal shows up as pending?
I need to know this, where do my funds come from?
do you know math?
what traffic can i expect on the way to the newark, new jersey from philadelphia
retrieve my current mpg on my car
that is enough, just stop.
I forgot the passcode on my app.
How can I periodically check the delivery of the card you sent?
what is traffic like right now
Is there places where I can't withdraw money?
use phone to call alexa
When I got cash, my exchange rate was off.
Could you make a train ticket for m
would you again rephrase me on your words please.
meeting room availability at 8:00 please
how do you do a jump start
My card has been found. Is there any way for me to put it back into the app?
you get it correcly.
i want you to play the next song on this playlist
my order was put in and i was wonder how i can see the status of it
I want to buy over-ear headphones with Minimum Frequency Response of 15 Hz and Maximum Frequency Response 22000 Hz.
I thought cash withdrawals didn't have a fee
what is your favorite, cats or dogs
i am not a premium customer but i want a virtual card, how do i get it
remove six am alarm of whole week for future
Why is there a direct debit fee in the App when I didn't do it?
Hello. How do i go about getting a refund of an item i bought ? I want to cancel the payment since i have not received the item yet.
Are their certain cash machines where I can change my pin?
is the sun gonna shine in devon this weekend
I think when I withdrew money when out of country the exchange rate was wrong.
How long is US delivery?
how many days are in february?
how many days later is it okay to eat curry that was in the fridge
stop and try what i've just said once more.
Set reminder for tennis game with Peter on Sunday at 4 pm
I was charged and shouldn't have been charged when using my card!
Tell me the name of that song.
Am I gonna be charged for sending out more cards?
goddammit.
I would like to alter my personal details.
who is responsible for your design
open fishdom game
Could you repeat this event?
let me know how to rollover my 401k
get me a ticket to boston
Open calendar schedule event, meeting
I already got my item but just got my money back
add these documents to the things i need to travel with
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
What should I do when my card reaches its expiry date?
does denmark use different sockets
are there extra fees for using my card in mexico
could you please schedule a meeting with this person
Can you turn down the lights by 20%?
How do I go forth on verifying my identity?
show meaning of clarion
Is there takeaway at Donut Junction
let me know when my meetings are on monday
yeap it was correct.
can i have my current gps coordinates
Tell me what ATMs take this card.
do you know where you were born
please play the early franks sinatra stuff i have
I don't see a refund in my account.
Ok Google! play some music
I desperately need to transfer something from China, Please give me the wait time.
The cast deposit from a week ago still is not in my account. Why?
what is my money market account balance
How can I find out why my transfer didn't go through?
what is the scheduled landing time for my flight
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at seven am
Can you play Call Me by Aretha Franklin after this song is finished playing.
Where is the money I topped off with?
i like you check it please.
book uber for tonight at seven pm
play radio mirchi for me
post i am happy to facebook
tvs stock price
I need a recipe that is from ingredients on my shopping list
should i call you something in particular
show me music by that artist
make me a reservation for tomorrow at happys for four
who sing we are the world
how shall i find my current location
Give information about the traffic near my location please.
Help to remind me to delete completed projects
what is the current date today
what sorts of things do you do to have a good time
can i increase the credit limit for my bank of the west card
definitely
I just got an error message saying my transfer is not possible? Why is that? I've transferred money before and it worked without problem
how can i safeguard my credit score from dropping
i will be calling hr
i want to hear a funny joke
show latest email
it is of no importance, olly.
Check the status of my order
I've received my card so now I need to know how to sync it to the app.
how do you spell superficial
you have got my instructions correcly.
i would like to listen to this mornings mike and mike podcast
I really need to know how to change my pin.
I want to turn on the blue lights.
power off on
can you tell me about the nutrients in jello
book me an uber please
what's my current location
PDA please check on our exchange rates compared to others
find me a hotel in seattle with great reviews
be silent for 30 minutes
can you put Sunday hockey class in my calendar as recurrent event?
Play Thinking Out Loud next
I prefer mastercard.
My foreign currency exchange has been applied incorrectly.
switch fan
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
generate a new inventory
i would love a less bright up room
send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to consumer digest
when did i take my car to the mechanic
How do I send my account money through transfer?
what is a funny joke
awesome job, you did well.
What time will a transfer from the US take?
How long does it take for a money transfer to show?
remove my list of contacts from work
how much is a round trip train ticket to go to new york
Could you list out the information on book fairs in Washington D.C. for next week?
I see a $1 charge in a transaction.
i would like to report a stolen card
why can't i log into my bank account
let's hear my workout playlist
Tell me the song that is currently playing.
up the volume the sound is too low
cancel business meeting on wednesday
Please tell me about friendahip
When is the next train to London?
My app says that I received cash from an ATM and I didn't.
is it possible to order more checkbooks for my chase bank account
alexa how large is the universe in miles
Show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
its very dangerous one
are you influenced by someone else
list all the shops that are located in milan
does the bleu olive have decent reviews
Is it sunny in Springfield?
s1, please elaborate further on your answers.
turn off the lights in the living room please
Olly, turn on Flappy Bird.
what's the traffic on eighty today
can you find out why is my bank account frozen
when will my payment be deposited
let's skip over this song and listen to the next tune instead
tell me how to jump start my own car battery
noodles need to cook for how long
I got double charged!
speak arabic
when is the next payday i can look forward to
i need a room in indianapolis near the track from may 2nd through the 5th
what is the current time right now
please find the expiration month listed on my card
Why was my Payment declined
do I need a hat today
What currencies can I use to top up my account?
olly can you just stop.
open games
What's the time in Dubai?
are visas needed to travel to jamaica
help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies
kishore17051985@gmail.com
can you please sat it one more time
down the speaker volume at the end of level
olly that's all.
send email to daddy i'll be going to the birthday party
I need to move money from one of my other accounts to this one.
alexa make an event reminder for a meeting with mona on tuesday
please play program on xmtune
I am having a meeting on tomorrow, set it
I am perplexed. Why is it that I received an extremely wrong rate when I tried to use an ATM using a foreign currency?
What do I do if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
Where can I find the verification code on a top-up card?
how many rewards do i now have on my hy-vee card
what is the weather for this week
how much did i spend on lunches last week
Where do I verify my identity?
i want coffee
show me some vegan restaurants close by
send email to nancy about tomorrow's work party details
Is there anyway to bypass identity verification?
can i maybe apply for a new card
Add meeting with all employees on March 20 at 9 AM
set brightness to fifty percent
Can I choose whether I receive a Visa or a Mastercard card?
hop to the next one
lower lights please
how long to get downtown
calculate two multiplied by two
recite my to do list
Open the contact x(Contact Name) in phonebook
Get me the updates of the election polling.
I am going to Chinatown in half an hour, book an Uber for me.
What is a good biography to read about Jackie Kennedy?
Can you explain where I can find the auto-top option?
Send complaint to...
will you tell me that once more please.
I'm looking for a machine of yours that will provide me cash from my home country. I went on holiday and don't have any cash on me. Will your machine charge me extra to do this?
turn radio to 98.7
could you please inform me what health plan i am currently on
what were the first number of email subjects i got today
what is the current value of yen in american money
Why do I have two charges It should only be one charge?
change my alarm
it doesn't matter, olly.
passcode retrieval
There is a payment that i made that i noticed has not gone thru yet. Can i ask why?
i'm out of razors so will you order me some more
I need a second card, can I have more than one?
wish all my friends of facebook good morning
Why do you charge fees on card payments?
brighten up the room
customize the tab to display your preferred time period
remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at seven hundred and forty five pm
where is the w-2 form located
Time time is the holiday party at the office?
what plug type does russia use
what items did i plan to buy
When will my transfer be available in my account.
what would the interest rate at wells fargo be
how long will it take to get home
remove the alarm set for ten pm
My purchases from this morning are showing up as payment pending. Can you tell me why?
I paid with my card so so why was I charged a transaction fee?
what country and city am i in
how do you spell antithesis
you've done it correctly thank you.
should i get a visa for crete
Alexa, tell me calendar event for tomorrow.
play romantic music in nash fm 92.7
could pizza be healthy
move to the next episode of hipsterhood
what is the cheapest ticket available next week for a round trip three day trip to iceland
Please tweet a complaint to Comcast for bad customer service.
what lists available
My refund isn't going fast enough.
tell me how much i have been buying as of late
Can you eat sweet potato greens raw?
it doesn't matter.
prioritize to the settings you started with
what about changing the sugar for baking soda
i'd like you to purchase me canned soup
i am wanting to know the carry-on restrictions for united airlines
you must reserve a table for 4 at red robin under the name kevin at 7
when do i get my paycheck
how much money do i have in all of my accounts
What countries can I use the card in?
Did my refund go through? It's not on my statement.
i want to play fifa seventeen
Show me the latest emails from Amazon.
pause resume
amazing job, you have done well.
Where do you export the cards to?
book a local cab
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived yet?
i want to know if my credit card application has been processed yet
Someone may have made an error in figuring out the rate of exchange.  I should have received more cash than I did on my most recent withdrawal.
keep reading
did you get my last instruction correctly?
In a recent withdrawal I received less cash than I expected to receive.  Did someone make an error with the exchange rate?
you got it correcly.
uhh no, i did not say that.
switch to 955FM
Why is it taking so long for my money to appear in my account? I have been waiting a week!
I would like a card please.
i need you to give me a suggestion for what to make for dinner
What do I have to do to get a Visa card?
did my visa card app go through yet
Read my grocery list
I don't know where the top-up verification code is.
Hey Olly, order a pizza pie with extra cheese.
which are well reviewed movies by emma watson
can you remove that on my calendar
what is the conversion of inches to centimeters
can you recommend some movies to watch in theater near me
Increase the volume please
It's Lee's birthday on 22 June.
I have waited 15 days, but my payment still hasn't cleared.
my report card was stolen
sorry but it was not the right response.
show news of migration
searching on holidays in my location
what is the closing price of apple today
moderate
can you please check the last thing i said.
do i have enough money in my first hawaiian bank account for a vacation
what was that question again
let me know what names you have for me
Add Sarah as email contact
I NEED HELP WITH MY CARD!!!!! please. It keeps getting declined when I try to use it. I have tried a few times to use it and it keeps getting rejected. I have no idea why.
i need to know what adumbrate means can you look it up for me now
change the lights to dim
I should only have one charge, but it shows two.
i agree
What day of the week does the next holiday fall on?
dim the lights in the kitchen
hey olly have you heard any funny jokes lately
favorite this music
Can you play my favorite audio book of King Kong?
IT MUST BE TASTE
has my vacation been approved
Can my card be used everywhere?
share my location with steve
Why did my cash deposit not show up?
all food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list
Olly make me coffee at 8am
help needed to jump start my car
Any festivals in town at this time or in the coming week?
what country has the most population
are my tires good on air
what are the carry on limits for delta flights
stop seven am alarm
could not understand it.
put clean stovetop on my list of reminders
Tell me the meetings I have for the week
Tell me joke.
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep.
my refund has not hit my account yet
would you tell me it one more time please.
give me the details on purchase order
PDA remove this event from my calendar notification
How much does a transfer cost?
check email for otp sent by my bank
what's the nutritional info for lasagna
I recently made a transfer that I would like to cancel
New news, tech
set me an alarm now
how much pto have i used
get a me a train ticket to milwaukee from chicago on sunday morning
My exchange rate was wrong for an Item I bought!
Turn lights off.
what are the reasons why you would not be able to process a payment
I cannot find my PIN.
that i don't know
What do I do if there is an electronic debit that is not correct?
put a hold on my bank account please
i have a bs transaction from ebay on my account
do i need to spare washing my car today
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
Where can I get money from my card?
tell me what is next on my query
am i gonna need rain boots
how long should the drive to work take
when is boarding scheduled for my flight
How many meetings have there been?
How many new articles have been posted at USA Today in the past hour?
what's the correct fuel type for my car
Does the app allow for exchanges between currencies?
Why am I being charged for withdrawing cash but haven't in the past?
who or what programmed you, do you know
what is the date for next tuesday
Please play any Joy Division album.
There were a couple of payments that I have noticed on my account with my card that I didn't make. Is it possible that somebody else has my card information?
When I topped up the app has seemed to reverted it.
resume pride and prejudice
unread emails
contact avis and see if they have cars available
Clean the sofa with the vacuum cleaner
Why are all my card payments being declined?
I want an alarm for 6am everyday
how are the top ten stocks at the moment
much obliged
What is Apple's stock
hey turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
I would like to have a physical card to carry around and use. How can I get one?
Why do I have to verify the top-up that I started?
next episode please
make your accent the male british one
Been trying to transfer money this morning but keep getting rejected. I don't understand why this is happening.
does south korea require an international visa
I got some cash at an ATM earlier, but now app is showing that I withdrew more than I did.  Help!
whatever is good.
People are using my debit card - help!
Will my employer be able to pay me with this service
in what month does my credit card expire
Show me a traffic map from kamycka to dejvicka
where was steve jobs born
Am I able to order a disposable virtual card?
Open harrypotter audiobook and play from last played
Hi, I'm trying to transfer money from one country to another, but it's taking a long time! All the account information is right, so why is it taking so long?
could you please help me to order some sushi from deliveroo
No speaking please
give me the number to mom
It looks like I was charged a withdrawal fee for going to my ATM. Why is that because I haven't been charged previously for doing so?
do i have any meetings with michael today
how many days left until the next day out of work
what is the weather forecast for chicago
join this
What is the size of a small cub
Some cash is showing up in my app that I did not get.
what is this
How did you come up with your exchange rates?
tell me about the current weather
Let's play some pong
i need an uber to the movies
How do I go forth on transferring money into my account?
Add eggs to my grocery list.
Why can't my beneficiary get access?
set a reminder for later
call mark
can you please clarify once again.
What are some of the restrictions that the disposable cards have?
suggest something for me to make myself for dinner
Find recipe chicken casserole
what is the current time in california
let me hear something funny
I can't freeze my account as I need the card as I am traveling, how do I change my pin?
remove all the events in my calendar
i would like to change your name to a different one
who is your employeer
walk me through on how to roll over my 401k
Where's the money from my transfer from Europe?
I need to bank account transfer from another account into this one, what is the easiest way that can be done, and what information do i need?
set an alarm for two hours from now please
A fee shouldn't apply to me if my card was stolen.
please set up an alarm to go off tomorrow at daybreak
please mail me more checkbooks
i want to go to mcdo
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer immediately. I cannot do anything from the app.
exchange rate I will get with foreign currency
when is boarding scheduled
could you calculate five plus five
explain your words again to me please.
how many contacts are there named john
set coffee maker to start at three
What temperature will it be today?
I have an unauthorized direct debit on my account
I couldn't make a transfer to a beneficiary!
can you text bill and tell him i love him
what is the gas mileage on a ford falcon
where is my location
email my meeting details to my manager
stop it.
where would i get my rewards for my master card
cut wemo power please
i need to set up a meeting with the ceo tomorrow
please tell me when's my financial meeting
can you tell me this song
resume audiobook playback
could you help me locate my phone
fast and the furious
what do i do to fix a dead car battery
what's new on facebook
i can't hear you can you say it again louder
what is my limit on my visa card
I am adding money, what currencies do you accept to do this?
Go to last episode of Her Story.
I can't get cash from the ATM!
please double check my reservations for six at mani
would not care.
What is the charge for exchanging currencies?
Olly, fetch me two train tickets for the earliest train to Paris.
what amount of calories are in one muffin
what timezone is melbourne in
Transaction refund missing from my statement.
What is the definition for this object
play new radio channel
The company is no good, please terminate my account.
my facebook update in every three hour should be available
How can I find the nearest ATM?
Someone has access to my card info.  I still have the card, but someone just withdrew cash.  How do I get this corrected/stopped?!
it may be either one
olly can you shut up please.
why and how soon do I have to have proof of identity to you?
what are the rules for carry on luggage
tell me five dollars in yen and rubles
Let Wendy's know I hate them
i like this song what is it can you please repeat it once
tell me what the date is for tomorrow
Can you please explain to me why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement?
no, you are wrong
How do I go about ordering another card?
reply to the latest email
how much is one u. s. d. in inr
make the room brighter
change my pin number for my checking account
how many pto days do i have for the year
Where is the money I topped off with?
that's nice one, thanks.
i will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow
new event
delete all details in event
provide what is there on the list
tell me about activities in my area this weekend
How do I unblock my PIN?
tell me about trump!
How come I did not get a virtual card yet?
What is a pending payment?
Hey, please provide information about events, by the end of the day.
what is the best way to live?
Why has my top up been cancelled
I have tried to use my card several times and it does not work.
sorry but i think it was not the right command.
can you track the location of my phone
tell me distance between sun and moon
please turn off the alarm
Tell me economic stats
Please give me both a visa and a mastercard.
is my pin the same as my passcode
My refund has not shown up on my statement.
what time is the last train headed to chicago
can you check last thing i said please.
how does a rocket ship fly
i need kilograms to milligrams
send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
is a bar close to my church
skip this podcast
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
How often can I top up my account?
Was anyone arrested at the protest today in Chicago?
what is the title of this track
In the last year how many hours have I been in meetings?
i'd like to me told the meaning of life
s2, i was unclear about what you've just said.
i wanna know something funny
i cant seem to activate card
i want you to play the podcast
whats happening around my town
I bought some stuff this morning but the payment shows as pending
Please explain why my top-up hasn't been processed yet?
I received the wrong exchange rate for an item i bought.
how do i duct tape a gooseto apig
go to the next song on the playlist
Why is my top-up pending?
dont let me forget to do that thing later
Although I am not located in the UK area, may i still receive a card?
Tell me about the latest events going around my city.
i did not say that.
What currencies are accepted for adding money?
i want my checking balance at chase
what is on my playlist?
Why doesn't the app believe I am who I say I am?
can you get me a train ticket to nyc
Is it possible to delete the account?
Are you able to delete my account?
What would lead to my top up still pending?
The transfer I made isn't reflected in my balance
Play BBC radio 2
I would like my PDA to ask me questions back for an answer.
what kid of subjects do you excel in
find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
the time difference between lagos and new york is what
where is my unknown payment from?
i accidentally deactivated the magnetic stripe on my visa debit card and i need to report it
What is the charge for exchanging currencies?
Need a new passcode.
i couldn't hear you repeat that louder
how will i find my current location
would it be possible for you to mail me new checkbooks
turn up lights
Did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends?
Give me the alarm times for the next two days.
I noticed additional charges when transferring?
give me your name
add change filters to my to do list
change the color of my porch lights to green
I haven't received my virtual card yet, do yo know why?
I have a direct debit I didn't set up
please can you tell me that word said once again.
send this message to @microsoft on twitter
Hello how are you?
i need a ride to the airport
where do i find the routing number for bank of america
I prefer using Mastercard, can I substitute?
let me know about any alarms set today
put $20000 into my checking account from my savings account
Send this song to my favorites
how much are my cable and water bills
how old are you exactly at the moment
I was trying to make a transfer and got an error message telling me it was not possible to make the transfer. This has never happened before, what happened?
i would like to change the pin on my savings account
flip a coin, i call heads!
set meeting with joanna on Saturday four pm
what's the mpg rating on my car
Please organize a meeting with my co-workers
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
how do i change a car's oil
This company sucks! Can you delete my account?
could you explain the meaning of exorbitant for me please
set my alarm for eight tomorrow, please
Turn the vacuum on
how can i change centimeters into inches
I was mistakenly charged a fee for using my card.
tell me the weather for this week
i'd like to hear it again.
I was unable to activate my card.
play subway surfers with me
for my card is there a extra card while i'm staying in italy
I was charged a fee after using my card and I shouldn't have been.
can you be my bestfriend?
Delete a list.
What information should i know for my meetings today?
Tell me why my card payment has been declined.
what time zone is this city in
tell me how to set up direct deposit
My transfer to a beneficiary was rejected.
tomorrow i need an alarm at 7 tomorrow
what is twelve times eight
What's the process for ID verification?
How do I tell if my top up was reverted?
play last mises.org podcast
what's on tv
make the lights blue in here
I would like to change to a different currency.
when is my new card expected to arrive
let us play millionaires
change my name to bob
When is my takeaway going to get here?
Do these virtual cards have any caps on using them?
what's euro u. s. d. right now
My card was eaten by the cash machine what do I do?
my check or cash deposit has not shown up
I have found my lost or stolen card. Is there a way I can link the card with my account through my app again?
make a new email for emily
put my music on, please
s2, i could not quite catch up with you.
Why did it decline my payment?
Why did I get charged a fee, I thought it was free?
My card has been charged two separate times for a single transaction.
give me a reminder for calling bill
change lights to pink
what kind of ingredients go into the chicken a la king
What is the most I can top-up?
i want to rollover my 401k , can i
switch off the master's bedroom
good response to the command.
train times to new york
Play songs by the Beatles please.
volume louder please
Please tell me my alarms
i agree with the truth of what you just said
Do I need to choose GBP to get my salary deposited properly?
please will you say that one more again.
I will need a new card because mine is almost expired.  How fast do I get a replacement and what is the cost?
do i have any updates about my credit card application
what's going on in Congress
can you talk at a normal speed please
what is the current date
can you tell me what movie has the best reviews
decrease volume
Tweet a negative review to @companyname
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti
reach by mail to my family
What's on my todo list?
no, you have done a task all in wrong manner.
Hello google, post my current status on twitter mentioning A great trip to Paris with friends and family.
bring up papa pear saga
play playlist number 7
Buy a train ticket for one week from now from New York, New York to Las Vegas Nevada
Describe the Statue of Liberty.
Show me all the events happening in Milan
How can I get my PIN unblocked?
i want to set a timer
Do you know which businesses will accept my card?
remove my car payment on the fifteenth from my calendar
What is AMZN worth?
how many minutes do i need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go
would not mind for any one.
how much money will i get or owe on my federal tax return
tell me joke
start over.
switch whisper mode off
ai, please flip a coin
Will it be windy tonight?
Where is the verification code display?
what is my email from steve about
could you please yell the answer out to me
play newest reason podcast
Could you please check one of my transfer which i made few hours ago from my UK bank account, as its not showing yet.
dim the main lights please
i need to listen to my beyonce playlist
Is there any way to see my card in the app?
exchanges rates any problems
Olly, submit a negative review about a company
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Canadian Dollar
book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may two for stored passenger list
Where can I pay with my card?
i am sorry but i think it is not the right command.
list all events and delete
I ordered my card a couple weeks ago and haven't received it yet. When can I expect it?
how is the ai doing
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
What do you charge for an exchange fee?
i want to pay my tax bill
what's the reviews have to say about burger king
Please, put radio in shuffle.
Respond to mom's mail message about the recipe site.
turn off on wemo outlet
House, can you make all the lights in the house blue?
from now on, i want you to answer me using japanese
my card got damaged and i need to report it, please
What is the weather in Pittsburgh
good day
what is my most played song
Are you jealous of Siri's movie career?
What is the exchange rate with in 1 british pound.
did you get my last instruction correctly?
I did a transfer to my account but it doesn't show up
lets play some music by korn
can i order takeaway dinner from byron's
can you help me pay my bill
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew wasn't correct.
remind me for tomorrow interview
Can I convert currency with the app?
Erase my calendar.
My cash received does not match what has been requested
please would you tell me one more time again.
delete the old playlist and create new
how do i see me rewards for my chase card
tell me about the presidential race
I need to add water to my Kroger list.
would you like to play never have i ever
find out how to make chicken tikka masala
i replaced my tires in december, when should i replace them again
How can I activate the new card i got?
please cancel the reservation at zephers for joe and myself right now
turn off the lights
Why did my exchange rate change?
i really need to get a volkswagen car rental for march 5th to march 8th in phoenix
help me link my card
I am missing a refund amount on my account.
when do i change my oil
you've got the command exactly.
have i gotten any new emails from mary
play purple haze
call the restaurant and cancel my reservation
did i email tom on the subject of gun control
Where can I find the verification code for the top up card?
Remind me to tweet at this company
don't be connected to my phone anymore
I tried to do a transfer and it's saying it declined.
do it again.
Resume the girl on the train on Audible
let coach know where i am
What do I do to stop unauthorized transactions on my card? I was never in the place from which the transactions on my bill were made and I never made them. Please help!
What is 24 times 6?
Show me today all train times of next 2 hours at Jodhpur to pali.
how much will i pay the government back in taxes
Is it possible to have a second card?
what is the carry on limit
what do you think we are on earth for
PDA please mute for 5 minutes
Please read out the tasks from the list for today
is it possible to get reservations at ihop
yes the command was confirmed.
what's the weather in toronto today
I did transfer, why is it pending
what event going to held in harischand maidan
are you a human or ai computer based
whats the average temperature in mangalore for this week
can you do me a favor my eyes are feeling strained on these lights can you please change it to a cooler tone
play old fashioned christmas music
when is my oil due to be changed
Why did I get charged a fee on my card?
resume lord of the rings
Play every praise.
Why is there an extra fee on a transfer?
is it male or female?
what pets do you have
open facebook messenger
is it time for a tire change
turn on silent mode until my alarm goes off
what's the temperature
what is the total of my bank accounts
what kind of gas does my car currently need
Olly quiet!
I did a payment but the app cancelled it.
check my calendar for saturday
s2, i am not clear about this.
play the urban radio station
choose heads or tails and tell me what you came up with
does moes in la except rerservations
Play Superstitions by R.L. Stine
Is there a way to verify a card top-up?
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
what is today
i need some coffee please
i was not clear about your response.
please let my bank know that i will be in rome from february 1 to march 1
Show me my husbands Facebook posts today.
what is the caloric total in these muffins
does finland have any travel alerts i should be aware of
really wouldn't mind.
i need you to switch the language you are responding in
play the second song from anirudh's song.
please call me bailey
Resume audiobook playback
i need to schedule a meeting
is my w2 available at the post office
please add smurfette@gmail dot com to my email contacts
Why is there a cash withdrawal I didn't make?
Help, your app is showing a larger WD than I actually did earlier at an ATM.
Why am I being charged to make cash withdrawals? I thought they were supposed to be free!
What are the current movies playing in my area?
please increase the speed of your talking
what are some ways to keep my credit score up
I received the wrong amount of cash from the ATM. Can you help?
i need to know last months transactions
send an email to john that i am on my way to home
say joke
clear my schedule for today
in which time zone does denver reside
make coffee at three
I have been charged a pound for something that appears on my statement
more light please
i wish to know why my card was declined
what time is it in england
is there a way to pull up information about a contact
i do not have pizza so will you order me some more
I topped up by card a while ago and it's still pending, surely it should be done by now?
was there any progress on my vacation request
Siri, what does obstacle mean?
My balance was not updated after transferring money.
i don't know who to notify that i ran my credit card over with the lawn mower
yes that's fantastic.
how many gallons do i have left
my mpg is how much
How long do transfers to international banks take? I made one to france a couple of days ago, but it's still not there.
searching for any special holidays for us country
How do i figure women out?
please brighten the room
What do I do if an ATM "stole" my card?
i need to know how to spell the word serendipity
setting up direct deposit
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
i'm thankful for your help
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
I need to email Susan and metion
Hey Google, what is on my alarm schedule?
you are star, i appreciate it.
can anyone let me know the reason behind my frozen bank account
show me what i can do with fitness
how much do i make at work
Any local activities you can recommend in my area?
i'm grateful to you
switch the pin on my chase account
is it possible to get a refund for something I purchased?
doesn't matter, olly.
well done, appreciated.
Jonathan wants to meet up Sundays at eleven. Can you remind me Saturday night every week?
I want the email to be sent to my new email address, abc@gmail.com
My balance was not updated with my checque or cash deposit.
appreciate help.
Why doesn't the card payment work
let's play you'll be the keeper and never change position
Your ATM pin can be changed at any VISA or MasterCard ATM with PIN services. Certain countries don't support ATM pin changes.
turn the light off
who or what association do you work for
i need to know when i was paid last
please remind me about the event later five pm
stop talking please
check email for <unk>
what is the most convenient hour to catch a train to york on Saturday
help me find a new auto insurance policy
i would like it if my robot could engage in deep conversation with me
play old
i am not able to say
Send a happy birthday message to my aunt.
Where is my cash deposit?
can you get me a table for 6 at mark's at 11am
What is the time frame that it usually takes for a transfer to come through? I have a friend needing it immediately but it has yet to come through.
send my brother mike a text that says i'm home
what steps can i take to make sure my credit score doesn't go down
Start with the first episode of that podcast.
Go and make me a coffee
tell me about traffic conditions in ocean city, nj on sunday mornings around 10 am in the summer
Can I transfer money to my card via bank-transfer?
My disposable virtual card was rejected.
where do i find the routing number for nfcu
send a taxi to come pick me up from my location
please turn off the light
Am I gonna need rain boots?
please check last thing i said.
what is the weather like now
yep, that's true
what is my spending limit on my mastercard
The app doesn't show the card I received.
I have a card payment I didn't make
whats needed to make pizza
hey can you make it blue in here
you've done it correctly musch appreciated.
can you read my to do list to me please
give me the description of a smartphone circuit
remove the last item
can you shut up.
Why is my purchase showing as pending?
again clarify me on your answers please.
what's the weather supposed to be like on wednesday
I believed crypto top up with something you offered. This does not seem to be working. The money has been removed from my account though so what's going on?
look up in contacts
Is there any way I can get more physical cards to use with my account?
do we have thirty first day on this month
no, i didn't ask for this response.
let us play millionaires
can you assist me in activating my card?
what an umbrella means
there were two of the same charge to my account
why did my card not get accepted there
call alexa at home
this is the best band ever
show bbc news of migration
I do not remember the code, what should I do?
please remove fishing from my calendar for soccer
i would like to hear that information spoken again.
Please add one plus one
help me start my kitchen list
when does pork go bad in the fridge
are there any fun tourist things to do in boston
calculate two plus 29
i'll need a rental car from 3/3 - 3/14 in vegas
read my entire shopping list to me
Why does a top- up need to be verify?
How do I go about activating my new card?
Hello Olly, how are you today?
what's the best italian restaurant in atlanta
tell me where you come from
is my order at the delivery address
do i need an international visa to go to south korea
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
olly please will you shut off.
make a call to
Do you know why my contactless won't work?
make this a bit louder
s2, can not get your words.
Why are you charging me fees for using my card?
can you shut up please.
Tweet at samsung that I am disappointed that their phones are so easy to break.
roll a 6 sided dice for me
what is the definition of inchoate
do you work for a different individual
tell me my salary please
I need to do a card activation.
Will there be a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
could you stop please.
Why is there an additional fee showing on the statement I received?
PDA please check this companies stock
let me know every meeting i have scheduled today
what exactly is the meaning of life
tell me where i am on a map
i'm out of bananas; add to shopping list
My first choice would be Mastercard.
Next event is canceled
find local shops
is there a foreign currencies charge?
how are stocks for google
what do i do if i lost my luggage
when do we have free day
does my car have enough gas to get to atlantic city
can you change the way you talk to a male british voice
is there an alarm for ten am
remind me to call the vet tomorrow
erase get a haircut from my to do list, please
what time is the train passing by
you have done the task wrong.
tell chris i will be late through email
how is sushi at jiro
How would I top up with a cheque?
i want you to call me bailey
yeah good response to the command.
Someone needs to make me aware when there are extra charges for payments. I happened to be looking at the app earlier and noticed a charge associated to a payment that was extra that no one made me aware of before at all.
I don't know where my phone is.
I need an alarm set for 8am
I think someone saw my PIN and I am on vacation in Spain, can I change it locally at an ATM?
open my amazon music app and play my playlist
Respond to jack quickly
wake me at daybreak
Tell me updates
My day was so busy
thank you for the response, olly.
what is the name of your birthplace
what week of the year does the summer season start
please remove my alarm
Give me more light.
recent advice concerning google seo
when is my cards end month
what are the steps to activate my card?
Are there any hidden extra fees for currency exchanges?
i want to know how many vacation days i can use
Can I get some help to get me card activated?
what is the record high temperature for today
send a taxi to come pick me up from my location
Next one please
well done, thank you very much, olly.
i need to know when to expect my next paycheck
How long do top-ups take to go through
in making an omelette, what ingredients do i need
so it seems i have had pizza in the fridge since monday, so is it safe to eat
Is it possible to top up with Apple Pay?
i want to book uber for 3 people to union station
i don't mind for whatever.
Alexa, where is Australia located?
place a take out order at olive garden
s2, i am not clear about what you have said.
PDA please write to this email
i need to set an alarm for next friday at noon
how many minutes am i from texaco
play uno together
Do I have to manually top up once I'm too low?
ai, would you kindly roll the dice
show me my calendar for next sunday
can i substitute vinegar for apple cider vinegar
are bananas on my shopping list can you add them if they aren't
video games
Whats the maximum disposable virtual cards?
save all songs from katy perry
brighten lights in living room
find list in my pda
Help! My card isn't working at the ATM and I know I used the right PIN. Trying to get my money.
honda stock price
restart your actions with the original settings you came with
how many cups make a gallon
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
go back to whisper mode, please
can you set an alarm for seven fifteen for tomorrow
My transfer failed, why did that happen?
Is there a maximum amount of top-ups?
do they take reservations at olive garden
How do i verify my card?
Is it sunny?what' s the temperature?
how is the traffic on rt 5 towards my work , community bank
please put all the lights
I purchased some makeup through a site in China, and I was under the impression that when I make transfers there is no fee.  Why am I seeing this fee now?  I am not happy about this at all.
how about the latest news
i'd like my account frozen
I've been waiting for a pending transfer to go through for a while now, and don't see any reason why I've been waiting this long.  I know that I have the correct account details, so that isn't the problem.
closest chipotle
please lower music volume
what do i have to do to transfer my 401k
would you change your voice to the male british accent for me
could you skip to the next song on this playlist
see how many days i've taken off so far
Write a complaint to alza.cz for the tablet I bought today
that must be mistake.
delete the list created yesterday
start from my last session of joes book
raise the light.
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to the dentist on Friday, April 7th at 450 Park Avenue, new york, ny, 11232.
please turn on roomba
Could you play this song closer from the album chainsmokers?
i'd like you cancel it.
How do I get a new card sent to China?
How fast can you fix an error in payment?  I made a payment in the wrong account yesterday and it needs to be adjusted by tomorrow for my rent.
I'm not sure why I was charged an extra fee for transferring funds.
please schedule a meeting with kim at 10 am
Add conference call at 4 pm to my reminders for today.
show me a funny joke
Show me the top rated podacasts
Could you please search my new news provider for the latest news?
what is the recipe for apple pie
remove all alarms if any
Is it on purpose that my payment has been returned to my account?
Could you tell me about the restrictions that are on the disposable cards?
I made a cash withdrawl and there is a charge.  What is this?
If you are waiting for verification, it can take 10 minutes to 60 minutes to get results.You will hear from us once we have it.  Please make sure your images are clear and photos of documents are readable. you have to be at least 18 years old and live withing the Economic Area of Europe or in Switzerland in order to open an account.
will you please confirm the month that my card expires
Does it cost extra to exchange foreign currencies?
what is the plan to day
will you please put something something@gmail dot com in my contacts
keep me informed about bitcoin price
please give height of lindsey lohan
Hey turn the volume high
which bus should i take to get to the statue of liberty
Why am I being charged fees on some transactions but not on others? What am I missing here? I cannot find where to see the fee structure on my account. Help!
The card payment I attempted to make failed.
i must apply for a new credit card
wouldn't mind for anything.
How much am I charged to receive money?
activate the radio please
tweet I'm complaining about to consumer service
Money that I have transferred hasn't arrived yet
can i ask your age
Tell me why my transfer was declined.
i need a w2 form from
How long was Bryan Cranston on breaking bad?
definition of velocity
how do i check my rewards for my gold card
Make the light more visible.
Remove all the events on my calendar
delete ice cream from my shopping list
what day of the month is next tuesday
set a timer
i would like it to be able to compute answer from search results like wolfram alpha does
how's the weather like in beijing
How do I get this damn virtual card to work?
Echo, turn on Kicks 101.5
I got double charged from something, what can I do?
you understood my instructions perfectly.
How tall is the Empire State Building?
cancel all my appointments
check my car's tire pressure
how many days off have i used
I deposited a check yesterday and im not seeing it posted yet in my account. why is that? can you look into it?
show me the exchange rate between czk and dollar
give me a good recipe for chicken parmesan
I just made an order and noticed an extra fee. Why have you charged me this without informing me?
What is six times sixty-eight?
Play a Nirvana playlist
Olly, answer the equation 8x7
I can't get my card to work.
If i want to change my pin number can I directly from an ATM?
The amount of cash I received was different than what I requested.
How old do you have to be to get an account?
i need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
Please turn up the speaker volume
can you find and tell me the prices of facebook stock
I got 2 transfer fees and I thought transfers were free.
For some reason my contactless has stopped working. I don't know what the problem is. What can I do?
call me frank
uhh no, i think that is not correct.
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
Job interview preparation
does not really matter to me.
Can I have money transferred into my account at different intervals along my trip?
can i get a card if I live in the usa?
When is my husband's birthday this year?
find restaurant order food name
Why do you ask for top-up verification?
what mpg does this car get in city
I have exceeded the number of times I can try my PIN
this is of no importance to me, olly.
remind me of my meeting on...
news updates
what did you mean by saying that.
turn the speakers down to five percent
usning calc
What happens if the ATM gives me the wrong amount of money?
pair my phone please
Play the God of small things
flip a coin and tell me if it's heads
what does ferrari mean
Does it cost anything to buy something from another country? Like is there going to be hidden transfer fees or currency conversion fees?
Will you please play the next episode of podcast.
what's the traffic on the one hundred and one
don't talk until i ask you to
What is 1+1?
Can I top-up by cheque?
i have to report fraudulent activity the bank of america card
What is the latest news from Syria?
Show me the alarms that are set.
which shots do i need to get before i go to africa next week
Where is my card accepted?
can you confirm what i last said.
tell me the time in boston
answer the equation eight times seven
How do I receive a card?
my meeting with alice is scheduled for when
how many days have i taken off this year
I was charged multiple times for one purchase
is the sushi well-received at yakamoto
it's awfully dark here
next podcast
Why do people use Avocado seeds?
Is it possible to get one the your cards in the EU?
what are todays top podcasts
Yesterday at noontime, in Times Square, what was the protest about?
play the radio band with sports commentary
Remind me about tomorrows meeting
resume war and peace
does mexico have any travel alerts i should know about
i need the routing number to my chase checking account
set a timer for 15 minutes
What countries will my card be supported in?
Add Bubbles birthday to March 15
Can I add to my account using a cheque?
power off wemo plug socket
play top 10
I want to take back my transaction
start the robotic vacuum
when is my meeting with ann
send my location to my mom
How do I use disposable cards?
Please turn off my smart plug socket.
Why won't you let me name X as a beneficiary?
sorry but you didn't get the answer correctly.
display date
what is the lowest amount i can pay for my car bill
what's the least i can pay on the medical payments for february
do you have an age
how do i locate the due date for my bug bill
CAN TO PLAY CCN NEWS FOR ME?
can you help me find my lost phone
i couldn't catch up with you.
I am getting charged fees on some payments.  Please help me understand, where are these fees disclosed?
have i gone over my chocolate budget lately
yeah correcly.
best reviews restaurant in south sacramento
i wanna know what is currently on my calendar for friday the 1st
What should I do if I forgot my passcode?
Open minestart game from previos played level
What are the steps for identity checks?
hi google pls send mail to mom i am comin home on this weekend
suggest a meal for me that comes from mexico
i'd like a reservation for 2 at olive garden for 5 pm today
how effective will be to buy nike stock
I need a new card since my old one is about to expire.
please takeaway of giving required of the restaurant
When are you going to transfer the money?
what is left for today
where can i rent a car soon
Help me reset the passcode.
i need to change the language to french
when will my replacement card get mailed
speak one more time.
change the pin on my bank of america account to be 1234
Let me know the morning of my doctor appointment on the 12th.
can you tell bill and craig where i am
just let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
i want to hear what i've just said again.
can you cancelt the reservation i have for dinner
There's a €1 fee on my statement, why?
my name is going to be sherlock
can you tell me which movie is going on in the nearby multiplex
what does my facebook feed look like
Why is my payment declined? It looked like everything worked ok and my account was fine.
Can i use this card at any store?
is there any alarm active
I need my refund
yeah that's confirmed.
where do i go to get my w-2
am suspicious of my card's security
I recently got charged twice from a restaurant that I was at this week and I would like for one of those payments to be removed from my account.
Add Mary's birthday on the 22nd to my calendar, please.
Please set a reminder in my calendar for my meeting on March 25.
What is the answer
plants
remove a list please
do i have a day off coming up soon
turn off on the socket
are you a computer, or are you a real person
Why would a transfer to an account not be allowed?
PDA, Can you send the email to the new email id?
make sure to set yourself to whisper mode before i go to the movie
what is in a curry
tell me a good joke
i have credit card points but don't know how to use them
how much vacation have i earned
brighten living room lights
can i order cards on the app
in regards to my wells fargo account, why is there a hold
show me a spaghetti recipe
give me directions to the target on i-40
where did rama go on his final journey
my exchange rate looks wrong for my last payment
cancel
what are the scores from last night's hockey games
link 'john@gmail.com' to 'john' in contacts
what does 2 + 2 equal
tune to pandora
book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
turh the music lower
tell me the profession of celebrity?
how can i show noel where i am right now
traffic looking alright going towards burger king
shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please
my bronze card is missing i would like to report it as lost
place a call to bill now
any new email since last time
I'm having trouble proving my identity
how did your day go
does today's schedule include any meetings
i must pay my cable bill from my checking account
make the lights pink at the house
oops, you have messed up.
I made a deposit but it is not showing up in my balance.
Can I choose my card scheme?
i want to report fraudulent activity on my visa card
what's my next events
Where Is the top up verification code found?
Play top 40 dance
I have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it. How do I stop the transfer?
tweet kohls about the cleanliness of their store
What does 1+1equal?
you have done that correctly thanks, olly.
you have done task all wrong.
Add event for meeting with James
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
do i have any mail
what is the definition of valor
PLEASE PLAY THE NEWS CHANNEL SO THAT I CAN HEAR SOME NEWS?
What do I need to do to transfer money into my account?
how do i set up direct deposit for my first national account
yeap you've got command correcly.
i can't find my mastercard and i want to report it as lost
Please let me know today's date.
what must i do if i want to adjust my insurance policy
How long does it take to get my card? Can I choose when to receive it?
list the latest apple stock prices
is there any carnival taking place in our area
does lechateau have delivery service or only takeaway
Play Neil Sedaka.
tell me the forecast
i need an address for the closest starbucks to home
I don't recognise a cash withdrawal
i want to buy over ear headphones with minimum frequency response of fifteen hz and maximum frequency response twenty two thousand hz
check and confirm the instruction please.
what name do you call me by
who is the music director of this song
What is laptop
A refund for a recent return has not arrived on my card.
tell me some joke
so how busy is the outback steakhouse at 5 pm
add mopping to the to do list
Schedule an uber in 20 minutes to Tesco on 5th street
can you confirm what said please.
Explain why my top up has been reverted please.
famous person biographies
What is the forecast for today?
How can I deposit money to my account?
Search the album name with Katy Perry.
Do you hear songs of A.R.Rahman music?
this doesn't matter, olly.
Why is it saying I have a pending payment?
hey order me some take out from jason's deli
what is the available balance in savings
find an oscar nominee movie
I was charged a fee after using my card and I shouldn't have been.
how good is the apr on my credit card
oh that's good, olly.
Where is an ATM?
are there any new emails in outlook
Are there fees for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Will I be charged if I use European bank card for top up?
unfortunately, my card is damaged and unusable
when can i expect my new card
Is a copy of the police report necessary for completing the report process?
when is babysitting on my to do list
please find out the current status of my credit card application
email mahmoud
remind me that i like that song
can we talk in french
Turn wemo on
Please help me with the amount that i have withdrawn from the ATM today, the ATM has given me wrong sum of amount, and i could see that the app is displaying the greater amount than taken out.
what do i earn from my job
I think my child used my card while I wasn't home.
Do I have any thing going on at 5
I checked my statement and saw a charge of one pound, where is this charge coming from?
I bought something while traveling, and the exchange rate was wrong.
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
go to the credit card site and check if my application has gone through
wonderful response to the command.
chear me up.
what is the time difference between california and new york
Brighten the lights in the hallway
tell brady where my location is
is there anything exciting on twitter today
Please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state.
I would like you to check my emails.
are you really an actual human being
update me on my vacation request
does my car need specific fuel
what is my annual percentage rate
You operate in which countries?
it is confirmed.
please play the beatles ps i love you
tweet error log to samsung
please tell me how to increase credit limit for the chase card
can you find my phone
what will the weather be for the next week
my mail
how do i cook a meatloaf
Do I have any meetings tomorrow at 9 pm?
what amount of millimeters are in 50 kilometers
say the last one said again please.
what is the correct exchange rate for getting cash
are there any holidays coming and when
delete out item
erase my grocery list
My card was working but now it doesn't.
i'm low on cherrios can you add that to the shopping list
Why was the price higher when I paid with my card?
mute my speakers for a minute here i need to make a call
disable all alarms set for today
How can I look at where my available cash is coming from?
how do i utilize my credit card points
funny story
Neat
how much is my current water bill for
add John's birthday on 25 March
what's on the radio right now
The app won't identify me.
Place Event X in my calendar every Tuesday.
Order a train ticket to Los Angeles.
Errors keep showing up every time I try to make this transfer and I am on a time crunch,  could you please help.
Can you put the lights on the high setting?
where is your country of origin
i want to report fraudulent activity on my quicksilver card
Forget alarm.
Olly, what's the weather right now?
buy me a train ticket.
There's a payment that isn't mine on my app
i received my American Express in Apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not working?
I would like a  physical card sent to me.
I have done a transfer within the country a couple days ago, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
start the next song
PDA, access pop playlist.
fix the lights in the living room to red
is the air pressure in my tires low
what will the weather be on the 7th
info on lisa ann please
what are the international transaction fees for my chase card
I deposited money in the form of a cheque, but my balance has not increased.
help me figure out when exactly my credit card will be expiring
How do I go about changing my PIN?
when is sunset
How long does a card delivery take?
I've used my account frequently over the last month to manage my payments from abroad for my new place. I noticed that my fees have suddenly increased. As a frequent customer, shouldn't I be rewarded rather than suddenly being subject to a new fee?
brighten the lights a little bit
Forward to 4:20
i require my w2 for taxes and need to locate it
get rid of peas
make a call to
so to go to brooklyn, it would take me how long again
Are there any new emails in my inbox right now?
can you give me a vietnamese dinner suggestion
play songs by adele
Can you book a train ticket for my mother?
i am looking for a hotel in new york city that has good reviews
what is 15% of 3143
i want you to talk more quickly
is there any traffic on my way to work
What's 1 + 1?
Please turn off the light of my son's room
what is apple's stock
play pride and prejudice
What are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
Can I exchange USD for GBP in your app?
GIVE SOME OF DELETE IN TODAY EVENTS
recommend an event happening in my area
start making some coffee
i need a flight for under 300 from pittsburgh to atlanta
it was good to talk to you today
how many calories would i estimate for fettuccine alfredo
Start the robotic vacuum
is cleaning the kitchen coming up on my list of things i have to do today
Is it possible for me to change my PIN number?
give me international news
i want to know if the olive garden provides takeaway
i wanna laugh can you make it happen
could you turn the light off
get the duet game
convert 7:30 from GMT -3:30 to GMT +4:00
PDA, Remind me of the event in my calendar.
has my credit card application been received, or what is its current status
Play NPR
check if default alarm is set
how is the traffic in mg road
Why can't I verify my id?
let me know about the exchange rate of rupee to dirham
What ID do I need to verify my identity?
i did not catch that, repeat what you just said
did my order ship
what will the weather be next week
what's the best clothes store here
i'm out of laundry detergent so will you put that on my shopping list
Do you charge if I use a European bank card for top up?
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
A withdrawal is showing that I don't recognize
did you set the alarm for five am
please go ahead and change my name
There is an error, the app says I made an ATM withdrawal and I didn't.
you didn't understand what i just said.
please note that i will be travelling internationally soon
do we have thirty first day on this month
which alarms do i have
i don't know how to answer to that
Why is there a charged fee for debit or credit card payment?
tell my bank that i'm going to france
please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
What is a good joke?
book uber from my home
Google find and play Florida Georgia Line the one with Nelly.
thanks but you have got me incorrectly.
what is the list type
i want to hear my reminder list
that's good one, olly.
when is my car's next oil change supposed to be
please would you elaborate me about what you have said once again.
i am grateful for the help
Turn of lobby light
how much is twelve divided by four
does tofu last long in the freezer before it goes bad
when will my chinese food be delivered
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
where did your mom have you
Can i get payed through this system?
How come my cash deposit is not showing up. This can't be right. There must be some mistake. Where did my cash go. You better not have lost it as I need this money asap.
what timezone is dallas in
How can we prepare biriyani
hi what is the hot topic in facebook
Tell me why my balance did not change when I tranferred cash.
add broccoli to my grocery list
does fongs do carry out
Start from last time on my audio book
The atm didn't give me all my cash
What identification is required to activate my card?
place a phone call to yiming
What's a verification code?
Play Hot 97 radio.
How do I avoid getting charged a fee on my card?
This company is bad, delete my account now.
what movies are out this week
you are the best, musch appreciated.
repeat reminder for my schedule for christmas
How do I deposit cash?
alexa pontificate definition.
Tell me more about the show.
i need to know if i have any meetings scheduled for today
I need you to tweet a complaint
you can vacuuming of my todo list
i need coffee please preferably hot
would you please increase your speaker volume
I tried to pay through my account but the payment is not going through. What's going on?
What is this week's weather like
repeat song
i am needing to know what kind of pets you have
Remind me about my anniversary in advance.
White
Is there a top-up limit that I have to stay under during a given period of time?
i am sorry but it's not correct response.
how do you say good bye in french
i would like to see the transactions i made last week
Are there any top-up limits that I must follow?
tell me what amount i have to pay for my directv bill please
Please check the trending topics on Twitter.
Bring up my current provider information.
how many rewards points do i have for my mastercard
I made a payment but it's still pending
activate the radio please
I am still waiting for a money transfer to show
Where is the card PIN?
Search for new stuff on that subject
what shall i do now that my battery is dead
Should I bring snow shoes?
I topped up my account but the money isn't there now.
How fast can you fix an error in payment?  I made a payment in the wrong account yesterday and it needs to be adjusted by tomorrow for my rent.
Remove tonights dinner with Shelly.
have bing's stocks dropped
remove alarm if any
show me my meetings this Friday
stream all songs from 'rock'
can you tell me how do i get new insurance
I had a bad day today.
Show me theatre where pirates of Caribbean is playing
I would like to use this cheque to top up.  Can you tell me how to do that?
Olly, get rid of my current alarms.
please send my location to haley
what is my income from work
please would you reset.
how soon can we expect rain
how is shell s stock doing today
what time does thor start
I did not get my virtual card yet, Why?
Can I use my card anywhere?
can you show me how to book a car rental in manitowoc
seems like the answer you got was incorrect.
please make the room brighter
it's amazing.
Is there a way for me to check my balance?
I tried pulling out money at the ATM and it gave me an incorrect amount back.
it's wonderful, thank you very much.
How many currencies can I have money in in my account?
give my location to bill and craig
What do I need to do to get cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I requested but the app is showing the amount to be correct.
delete any and all events
retry it please.
Is American Express supported for adding money into my account?
show me the current time
Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
what events are planned in my area?
Play Alternative Rock.
Someone attacked me yesterday and took my things, so I am unable to use the app.  I am in need of some help.
will the fast food shop at the corner open today
yes right.
Is there any way to cancel a recent transfer?  I did not mean to make it and need to make sure it does not go through.
i lost my luggage, what now
initiate a phone call with receptionist
terminate
please could you confirm instruction.
please turn down the lights in the living room
i want to play a game
book me a train ticket to atlanta please
Volume up/down
The transfer that I was trying to complete was declined. What was the cause?
where can i look to learn to make sushi
i tried using a virtual card for a hotel but it didn't work, why not
please list the available rain trips to location a
what's the definition of diverse
would you shut up please.
command wrong.
Can you please give me John's email?
How to order a virtual card
what is two hundred divided by thirteen
how far in steps is home from here
where exactly does money come from
Can I use my new card?
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
The ATM only gave me 10 pounds when I withdrew 30. What do I do?
help me calculate my federal tax bill
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done ?
do you know how to say where is the restroom in french
you are talking too fast for me, please slow down
how do you convert ounces to grams
will you check the detail please.
darken
How much will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency
who should i apply for a credit card for
Turn off the wemo plug
how many days until the next holiday arrives
describe a sloth
Yesterday I had my phone stolen.  Please advise what I should do.
would you try that words spoke one more time again.
can i top up with check?
I need to delete my account, please.
are there any alarms set
Does Louie's do take out
So my top-up failed, could you tell me why?
Today's day is really tiring.
set up an alarm
turn bedroom lights off
prepare a coffee
you've done that right.
please say one more time again.
I made a payment but it's still pending
I would rather the Mastercard.
i need to change your name, do you have a new name that you like
How do I dispute a debit that I didn't make?
Send a reply to Mike with the answer 4:30 from his email he sent this morning.
Why didn't the ATM give me my money?
PDA, book me an Uber.
PDA, how do you make cookies?
check if bj's takes reservations
turn the music lower
Can I get some money exchanged?
Tell me what's happening in European politics
What events are going in my town this week
what song do i listen to the most
what are the exchange rates for foreign currency ATMs
How long does the "pending" period of a transfer take?
do i have any meetings on friday's afternoon
what is the latest traffic report for miami
get me an uber
send the data by secured mail by today to gerry
i want a coin flipped
share my coordinates with melissa and doug
Why are you asking so many questions about who I am
Is it going to be nice out this week?
please assist me in looking for my phone
has my application for the hsbc card been approved yet
please say what you've just said once again.
lower the volume of the speakers
I didn't get my card back from the ATM.
please turn off the wemo plug socket
give my location right now to my family
It was a cool day
Remove all scheduled events on my calendar please.
play tonic
apply for a kbc card for me
The transfer I did hasn't arrived
I'm unable to use contactless payments for purchases.
delete my dentist appointment
PDA if there is any free space please set a reminder for me to call my sister about a college fund between my meetings this evening.
check by inbox for me
could you please lower your volume
Play the last radio channel.
Show me how to cook low calorie breakfast.
skip to the next episode of this podcast
i made a reservation for chris at tony's, please cancel it
what number of days do i have for vacation
Someone might be using my card that is not me.
Transaction refund missing from my statement.
Is there a reason that the ATM declined my transaction?
local area events
What currencies can be used for top up?
when are my tires due to be changed
can you tell me my routing number
give me all my lists
How can I check the source for my funds?
what are the new rock radio stations
may I have a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
i need to know if it is possible to rollover my 401k
What is the definition of subjegant?
tell me the status of my day off request
I would like it to be able to check if there was anyone else in the house.
what about new mail.
who are your developers
I received a returned payment that I made.
Where is my PIN located?
To deliver to the US, how long will it take?
can you teach me to change my oil
send answer to george
i want to hear what you have said again.
where should i eat
Remind me the day before my car is due.
There is a cash withdrawal transaction that I am unsure of.
play music by ludacris
your name is
I misplaced my card and I dont know where the last place is where I used the card last. Can you look at my account and tell me the last place I used the card?
please turn on repeat all
i am sorry but that's incorrect.
reply to name
forward episode of NYT podcast
Make New List
does marios in brooklyn take reservations
How can I transfer funds from my bank to my top up account?
do i have an appointment for lunch tomorrow?
how've you been feeling
delete my six am alarm
Verifying the top-up seems like a hassle.
Let me know the weather for today
please change time zone to canada
change to blue
How long does it take for the money to show up in my account?
I think someone may be using my card.
add a new email address which is
will you notify me when my new card is on the way
i want to close an account but im not sure about setting up a new one in the future, what do you recommend
Do you charge extra for exchanging currencies?
why don't you accept american express for adding money to my account
Do you send duplicate cards?
Is there a fee for physical cards?
how hot is it in miami
OLLY, SEND BOB AND EMAIL
vacuum the living room in 10 minutes
How do I fix a broken card?
can you look up and add john's old email to my contacts again
are there any new harmful things that could affect my credit score
bonjour
what's my rewards balance on my discover
schedule a journey to Las Vegas by train
i don't want my current pin for my wells account anymore
it is useful, i appreciate it.
you've done it perfectly.
Do all ATMs take this card?
uh no, you gave me incorrect information.
get my back to factory settings
what do i need to do to cook a chicken
Is there a fee for topping off a US card?
They said I would get a refund but I don't see it on my statement.
Olly, what is the best Mexican restaurant in Seattle?
Please give me a list of all of my lists.
I topped up but my money is not showing. Why is that?
read me back whats on my shopping list
PDA: Blue lights please
get the command right.
PDA set to silent for 5 minutes
would you please shut up.
are reservations allowed at burger king
Olly set 21st april every year as dad's birthday
How many transactions can I make on my disposable card?
let's play you'll be the keeper and never change position
what is your age
Can I top up my account with a cheque?
text my wife and tell her i'm divorcing her
people call me gary
what is the current date
I've been charged more than once for the same transaction
What is taking so long with my refund?
I haven't received my virtual card yet!!
In what places have I been the first fifteen days of this month?
I finally got my card.  Now I want to link it.  Is that something you have to do or can I do that?
I want to make a note on my calendar for the event tommorow at the library
Check e-mail client
When does the money get transferred to my account
What are the events taking place in New york today
does stanleys take brunch reservations
What does it mean to have a pending cash withdrawal?
does cowgirl creamery in san francisco take reservations
What is not accepted in order for me to top up my account?
Crabmeat recipe
Tell me who has the most number one hits on the billboard top 20.
power off the wemo plug
the song you are playing is amazing
what does the traffic look like headed to la
What year was Mark Wahlberg born?
Today's weather is awesome .
define organism
what does the weather look like
Where should I avoid this morning?
How do I know what exchange rate I will get?
Add payday to my calendar for every other Thursday.
I don't know where my phone is.
i am sorry but this was not the right command.
What day o the week is 12th
How many hook ups had Richard Feynman?
start up bejeweled
Hey olly play playlist tactics from music
How much can I top up on my card?
do you currently have any pets
Help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies.
Tweet a complaint for the online bookstore
wake me up at five am
play CNN radio
how do you spell out university
Does it offer pick up?
please make sure the volume is on 4
How long will it take to get to the US?
i need to proof my identity to you why and how?
Olly I want you to put on be warned by tech n9ne
Can I mail in a check to top up?
There is a payment in the App that is not mine.
i would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
you've done the command correcly.
I only got some of the cash I requested from the ATM
Are there any reminders left?
it's exact.
Get the latest news about formula one racing please.
hey reply a mail which i received
Turn off bedroom lights in 10 seconds.
Find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it.
make a reminder for me to do my resume
Tweet a complaint about poor drainage system
What is the €1 fee for?
play the next tune
Can I get a card? I live in the US.
yes it's excellent.
i need coffee
I think I have an extra transfer charge.
Reming me tonight to pick up my dry cleaning at 8pm.
My set alarms
can you pause the audio
remove all alarms
Email to new contact.
order a meal from a nice restaurant
check and confirm question.
turn the volume down a little please
what is my visa card limit
tell me one more again.
should i go to a car maintenance
Set up an event recurring throughout the month.
what's happening around me
hi google please cancel all the programs for friday
tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
I bought something on line a and the seller hasn't received the money I sent could you please tell me how long an EU transfer takes?
I tried to add a topup to my account but the money isn't there, anymore. Did I do something wrong?
what are the carry-on restrictions for united
what is next in my calendar
show local events
Would you go check my emails for me?
Why does top-up need to be verified?
time to hear me some blake shelton
I did not receive the correct amount of cash.
I want to block my card or deactivate it or something, it's been stolen and I don't want it misused. I want this handled right away.
does my american express card have any international transaction fees
start spider
Could I raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? I am aware its delayed now. Please help me out.
could you please check what said.
Remind me about my next meeting with joe one hour before
what's the current exchange rate for the euro against u. s. d.
remove my early alarms
how many days so far have i taken off
answer paul's email
what's the current date
I've tried looking for the auto-top up option on your website and I can't seem to find it. Can you help me?
I'd like to open an account for my children. How can I do that?
where can i get the form for my taxes
no back up.
please update me on my social media accounts
resume audiobook please
if i were mongolian, how would i say that i am a tourist
so what name do you have for me
Why have I been charged twice for the same transaction?
Turn the chandelier all the way up
delete my next meeting
tell me how the traffic is on rt 7 to the airport today
How do I get a card in the EU?
Where do I find my PIN for my new card?
Louder, please.
share my location with google
I hope we could have lunch together
s2, i was unclear about what you've just said.
i want to schedule a pto request on march 1-2
it's really loud can you please turn the music down
i want to see the news
How to activate Google Pay for top up?
when did pop it like it's hot come out
your answer was not what i was looking for.
i want to hear play that funky music
Help me verify my identification.
the plastic numbers on my card are falling off
Can I pick between Visa and Mastercard?
What do I do if my card expires soon?
please say it once again.
repeat this song three times.
opinion pb
I want to exchange USD and GBP with the app
my battery is dead so how can i get it going again
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't create. I don't know anyone by that name.
can you tell me where the atm closest to my current location is
Show current local events
how to go to multi specialty hospital
The expiration date on my card is coming up
thanks again!
what kind of gas should i use for this car
please put this song on my moody monday playlist
i need to pay my cable bill from my checking account
how do i start my car battery
Show me information of today's cricket match
I got charged a service fee on my account. Can it be waived since I didn't know about it before?
create a new list
Hurry and refund me, I am waiting
is it safe to go to north korea
i could not understand this.
please modify the command.
i was buying qtips today at walmart and my card got declined
how much paid time off have i taken
how is it outside today
what timezone is japan in
Is there such thing as top up by cheque?
What are the list of events in my calender in March
fill me in on stock symbol
Help!  I fear that my card was stolen,
convert one pound to us dollar
please let me know the time of train X
Report the current time in oakland.
please tell me if a coin lands on tails
Why didn't I receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I purchased?
What's the latest on Trump's travel ban?
give me the reminders
does my chase card have international transaction fees
There's a refund missing from my statement
when is jacob's birthday
go ahead and close the reservation
i have a meeting at noon today
put we are the champions to my running playlist
How do I make my PIN work again?
send email to Chris tell him i will be late
What's your favorite joke?
hoq many calories does pasta have
please explain how you use a computer.
I lost my wallet and I think someone is withdrawing cash with my card. Please help. It is urgent.
hi
tell me where to go since i want to eat out tonight
If there were 10 easy steps to make myself rich what would they be?
do i have any mail
find easy recipe for corn bread
that's completely false
what time is the train passing by
how long do tires last for
Order takeout from pizza restaurant.
let me know what you can assist me with
sorry but i think you are not right.
top up with credit card
I need to know what charges I will incur for using a European card for top up.
tell me one more again please.
please check for new email
whats included with my insurance
what is chase bank's routing number
What information do I need to gather in order to activate my card?
repeat the current song
Is it hot outside?
i want to hear you tell a joke
display nearby places
how much do i have left in my checking account
How old do I have to be?
can you help me locate lost luggage
Do I have alarms set ?
Do you need my birthdate?
going to need a new card what are the fees and time it takes
would you again rephrase me on your words please.
are there any transaction fees associated with my amex card if i am in the uk
Please list reminders coming up soon.
Download certain vocab
will you allow more spending on my visa
display nearby places
what name do you use when addressing me
can the funds in my wells fargo account cover my lift tickets
Why am I being charged to withdrawal money?
confirm a travel ticket to german
Why did the ATM give me less money than what I requested?
how much was airtel sold for sometime back
the apr on my disney visa, what is that exactly
Is there a way to make my money usable in another country?
i need to know the calorie content of spaghetti
i need a good meal idea from italy
i can't use my broken card
can you set up a pto request for me for march 20th to april 12th
can i get a higher limit on my visa card
remind me about tomorrow meeting at ten am
I want to get Visa and Mastercard
what is the answer to one times two
road speed manoeuvres
please rephrase it further to me.
I see money go out that I didn't withdraw.
My card payment was cancelled.  Why?
olly please would you shut off.
how is my credit score numberwise
i'd like to change my pin number for my savings account
What's going on Facebook?
alert me at ten am please
do i have reservations at o'neal's at 3 pm
Load Sirius and play a rock and roll show.
this isn't what i am searching for.
will you try what i've said again please.
siri what does survey mean
how is the weather down in orange tx
change to whisper mode, please
Why hasn't my money transfer shown up yet?
"which is the best way to improve the credit score
Change currency
please check and tell me the amount i spent on food last month
I have used all my PIN tries, what now?
would you please shut off.
i wish to go for cheap shopping is there any dollars shop nearby
what size is a sperm whale
I can't get the top-up to work! What's going on here.
please say what i've just said again.
that is correct.
do i have enough fuel to travel to san diego from here
Where did this extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
Can I use a Visa or Mastercard?
add a reminder to april fourth to go to the dentist
Is it possible to cancel my transfer?
COULD PLAY PROGRAM IN REQURIED OF THE
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
what is the climate here today
what is the reason for frozen status on my bank account
Are extra cards free?
turn on the fan
will you tell me one more again please.
My top-up is taking a very long time to complete.
please remove any alarms that i have set
Remind me to go to bed before 1 am everyday
equalize the bass of this music.
what's happening on social media right now
app management
do you know the current time in southern california
PDA: Add this song to my playlist
put the playlist on shuffle
how old is george clooney
tell me time of alarm you set
sorry but i think you made mistake.
refresh email
read list for me please
Where in the app can I find my PIN?
what is the news today
im worried about fraud how do you protect my account
Why doesn't my passcode work?
that is of no importance for me.
start a call to cynthia
What trending on twitter?
I would like to know how to transfer money into my account.
please check email from mom
How deep is the deepest point of the Grand Canyon?
take $20000 from savings and put it in checking
would you be able to tell me how to make a vacation request
say joke
hey ai, reduce your speed of speaking
please tell me the name that you have for me
what do you get when you multiply sixteen by nine
what are some good places in kentucky that serve sushi
Tweet terrible service
could you do it again please.
Olly, send an email to James asking when he is getting off of work.
I only have one more US credit card, is it accepted?
I need help making this transfer. I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my mortgage payment to go through first. Can you help?
what timezone does bangor have
How much do I have to pay to accept an international transfer?
If I have a physical card can I link it?
latest reminder about meeting
i am sorry but i think you did not interpret the command right.
I was not distributed all of cash that I requested
I am seeing in the App a diret debit that its not mine
In reviewing my statement, I show I have two charges for the same purchase at the same time, which I have not made in duplicate? How do I get this solved?
make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled
What is Apple's current stock price?
Does restaurant have takeaway?
please reserve me a table at hell's kitchen on may 3rd at 8 pm
what ingredients do i need to make broccoli cheddar soup
can you tell me the calories for the cheeseburger
i have how many vacation days left
Set my alarm for 6 am tomorrow.
please read my facebook feed
is there a conversion plug if you travel to australia
Can you explain why the ATM is giving me less money than what I asked for?
i don't have a clue
I need your help in deleting my account.
i'm out of my checks i need some new ones
are you an actual live person
dial x's number
will you please confirm that.
report what is new in my email inbox please
s1, rephrase me more on it.
what is my interest rate
order me a new usb cable on amazon
Where can I find instructions to change my PIN?
on my calendar are there any birthdays
what is new news for today
how to calculate trigonametry
Read that back
what do you know about the statue of liberty
I want one of those virtual cards!
Please send an email to (name)
There was an extra fee when I was at the ATM.  Why?
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
what is a shoal
PDA please play this game
has my reservation for john at bardenay been confirmed
nice to see you again
In March what meetings are available?
How this song?
how me the highest weather this week
what time is it in the pacific standard time
My transfer failed, why did that happen?
report a card lost for me
What cards to do you support to top up.
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.
show me my playlist
Can I track when my card will be delivered?
i am saying no
Why can't I get cash?
look up the calories in an apple
carlos linux upgrade email
how do i cook meatballs
Can you give me the latest sports news
It has been forever ago that I made an order online. The product simply is not coming. Just give me back my money because I'm not paying these people.
Turn up volume
who is your boss by the way
i need you to turn on the vacuum cleaner
what is the time in ajmer
tell me how many teaspoons are in two cups
Where do I find my code to verify my top-up card?
is my daughter's birthday on my calendar
I am having some difficulty verifying my id.
can you cancel my reservation on tuesday for chris at stella maris
Turn off the nearest light
i love the songs of micheal jackson can you save some songs of jackson for me
might you have any hobbies
i prefer female voice now
My card is going to expire, what do I do?
how are my state taxes looking
make this song part of the "kids" playlist
can you just stop it please.
mahaboobsayyad@gmail dot com
can you talk faster
What is the exchange rate between the US and Canada?
what day will i get paid
set an alarm for 1pm
Can I directly transfer my salary onto here?
what name do you refer to me as
are there any delays in traffic today
is there any rap that doesn't involve sex money and drugs
would you tell me my spending limit
what is my maurices card's rewards balance
Schedule lunch with mom on tuesday of this month.
go ahead and change your accent to the male british one
My card hasn't been working for even small transactions today.
what alarms do i have set
can i move some money around
could you please have uber be at my house in fifteen minutes
Tweet to Amazon about late delivery of my TV
what's the best way to cook pasta
I know this very late, but I just went through my statements from the last couple months and there's one quite large-ish payment that I definitely haven't made. Is it still possible to dispute it?
when is madonna's birthday
hey siri on the 20th clear my calendar
absolutely not
go to www dot metronorth dot com for train tickets
I just got a card, how can I add it to the app?
check facebook and twitter and tell me if anything interesting is happening
set an alarm 40 minutes from now
house can you make all the lights in the house blue
for my chase account can i order some checkbooks
thanks but you're wrong.
is my tire pressure in the correct range
call my name
I've forgotten my passcode. Can I reset?
my transaction history
I need to seem my lists.
how do i change my credit limit
do i have enough gas left to make it to tampa
Does this app exchange currencies?
Help!  The app says I took out cash but I didn't!
i think you don't get answer right.
i want to hear chopin now
erase that from my calendar
mute for volume
can we play twenty questions
send response i will be there
turn the lights to red color
could you clarify me on it further.
is there any traffic to work
please could you confirm instruction.
Are there any available train tickets to reserve?
Olly, create an even in my calendar.
After transfering some money my balance hasn't changed.
i didn't catch that.
i want an alarm at 5pm
please tell me once more.
replay this mail.
can you do name that tune
i want a train ticket to edinburgh
why do your exchange rates change
that'll work, good job!
I have young kids. Can they use this service?
Is there a disposable virtual card?
I will not be able to verify my identity.
Why is my exchange rate wrong?
The transfer on my account is not showing up.
I accidentally blocked my PIN. How do I reset it?
how much have i paid for rent in the last 6 months
Did the price of Wal Mart stock go up or down?
I want one of the virtual cards!
train times for tomorrow
what is the expiry date of my credit card
read my shopping list to me
Would it be possible to activate my card?
play scabble with me
open contacts and find john smith
wait, this is not the correct answer.
I am having problems with my physical card.
what does my shopping list say that i should get
Delete all read sms from sms list
Play micheal jackson
What are the current exchange rates?
olly please could you shut down.
how is the traffic normally driving into downtown washington, dc, from baltimore at 4:00 pm
make my collection mostly pop with a good bit of psychedelia
that is of no importance with me, olly.
could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
Open audio book history of Rome.
With what currencies can I add money?
Add soup to my shopping list.
Explain top-up cancellation
what meetings do i have on my agenda today
Schedule a meeting with Ri on April 1st at 10AM
hello, how are you doing
set my alarm for time
I have trouble proving my identity.
please get everything on my shopping list
show meetings
I completed a transfer that isn't showing up on my account.
give me the exchange rate for dollar in euros
Make me understand why I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM.
Today feels like hard rock.
How do I top up with Apple Pay?
MSN news
I've been waiting since Friday, where is my money?
I have a card payment that I don't recognize. What should I do?
I was trying to top up my account and it isn't working
can you make dinner for me
nope, that is not what i asked.
How can I get my card out of the ATM?
Play list of music from avatar
i need to know when my card is set to expire please
does my co worker have a home phone number
mute yourself until five pm
did i leave the light on in the garage
can i get some music by three six mafia in here
play music that are classical only
Why cant I transfer to my account?
How tall is Trevor Noah?
Play the college baseball game
I need to make a purchase online, where is my virtual card?
Is my new card activated?
Please mute the volume control.
what will the low temperatures be over the weekend
Why was I charged for withdrawing cash?
manage a meeting for today morning.
Look for channel 106.9 and play it
Check by inbox for me.
The transfer on my account is not showing up.
what is the traffic like
What are the latest news headlines?
find updates from vicki's facebook from mardi gras day
Mike and Jack should be added to festival calender
How did your day go?
By 12noon tomorrow create a new list.
Which foreign currencies can I get transferred into my account?
i want to remove apples from list
What are the steps to activate the card, as it does not seem to work?
s1, rephrase this further.
nope, i think you made mistake, please correct this.
What other methods are there to verify my identity?
you have yo go to school on calendar
I would like to get a physical card, but I don't know how. Can you help me?
the bank should know i am going to asia soon
what song is this
can you please check and confirm what just said.
I'm having trouble with proving my identity.
Play my top rated playlist
How can I verify my top up?
how old is barack obaba
Which days will I be working nights in the month of March.
what are my favorite types of music
be funny for me
can you turn that down
Can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
my card needs replaced, i accidentally scraped it
Can you tell me how I go about activating a new card?
inform about latest scheduled events near my location
set an alarm for this eight hundred pm this evening
what name do you have for me
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
Please open snooker game, I would like to play with you
adjust media volume up
will you cancel it.
Can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area?
lights down
has the weather changed for wednesday at all
I want to listen jazz.
you are star, thank you.
remove list please
New email
Write a message to Payoneer and tell them that my card isn't working.
please show me the list that i have
what types of things do you know
What is the normal time to make an international transfer? I made one a few days ago that still hasn't arrived.
which kinds of pets do you own
please could you clarify more on it.
What year was Elvis born
can you travel outside of the united states without a visa
Can you send an email to (name)
you talk to slow
Verify top-up card help?
What is the current time in Delhi?
can you help me pay a bill
I was expecting my new card and am wondering why I haven't received it yet?
rock
if i want to set up direct deposit, how do i do it
please clear out my calendar completely
Do you offer disposable virtual cards too?
remind
i need to add express delivery if that's an option
turn on some music
Add this song to my catalogue
send an email to george brown
i need you to set a time
Send reminder to friend list of tomorrow's birthday brunch.
what is the weather like tomorrow
I have a disposable virtual card. Is there a limit to how many times I can use it?
Enable smart socket
What is Julia Roberts natural hair color?
I am travelling for two more weeks but really need to change my PIN asap. What do I do?
When will my deposit be processed?
olly please can you just stop it.
open yesterday's last payment
it might be either one
I think Dean Obidallah is on the radio around now?
My top-up is taking a while to process!
Why is my beneficiary not allowed?
events happening between eight am and five pm today
PDA, shut of the lights
please book a reservation for 8 pm at red robin under the name kevin
Ring the alarm when I get home
don't talk anymore
add jpearsonjessica@gmail dot com to email contacts
can you please check command.
can you tell me where you were created
turn on wfrn ninety nine point one
Review the alarms I have
what's the closing price of apple
What is the function of the disposable cards?
Latest New on international women's day
will you tell me my bank balance
Show me recent emails
i would like to know my current location
I have been charged way to much so something is apparently wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds.
customer service complaint
Why am I being charged for transfers? Are they not free?
How do I go forth on transferring money into my account?
make me some coffee
Start a new grocery list.
halt
nope, you are incorrect.
Change my pin?
what do you get if you divide 3 by 2
let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
current time please
What is your currency exchange fee?
check the command.
Tell me every day to take green tea at 4 PM
what does joke mean
give some of delete in today events
cancel that last thing
What fees to you have for top ups?
Why is a payment I made reverted back to my account?
How can I receive money?
Olly, Double cappuccino small, please.
were you born here
i want to find a roundtrip flight from philadelphia to sioux falls from august 3rd through august 25th
alter the name given to the ai
OMG!  I'm trying to load my card and it wont top up!  I desperately need the money either on my card or in my bank, where is it?
Please defined about internet.
skip to next podcast
Tell me what my next events are?
not right command.
Alarm clock
Fine
Turn on console
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that should not have been charged!
I need to cancel a transaction.
my account is blocked, help me figure out why
would you let me know what is the point of life
how old are you, again
would you confirm my last instruction please.
dammit, it isn't what i asked.
make a reminder to pay the mortgage
please tell me what day this event reminder is set for
i'm pretty sure it could be either
Play the latest songs by Dalida
exact response.
A transfer was not allowed to an account.
are there any good social events happening in my area
remove all upcoming events please
start bbc radio
I have one of your cards, but I don't know how to link it.
I'm going to be away for awhile, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
i must know my bank of america routing number
The current news
what day today
What is the highest limit for Auto Top?
withdrawal pending meaning?
nice talk, talk to you later
please remove a list
can you tell me the current date
I ordered my card but it still isn't here
Mention the stock price of HDFC
i want to reserve table for 5 at red robin under the name sara at 5
The top-up is pending.
how to keep credit score high
read me the last email from stefan and oil change
no speaking please
what is your availability for conference rooms between one and two today
show me the 7-day forcast for home please
I bought some things this morning but the payment shows that it is pending
PDA, Book a taxi/Uber
please fill me in on the nutrition facts for shrimp scampi
Stop!
how do i ask the ai to help me with math problem
play an FM
who sung this?
i need assistance with my current location
describe joe for me please
i need to know what's good for chinese around here
I made a mistake and did a transaction to a wrong account, can I cancel?
have i gotten any emails lately
how long until i my card expires
ute me about <unk>
Play a song
play the song title
in spanish, meet me tomorrow is said how
I just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago
let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please
please explain me about your words once again.
indian cuisine suits me and i'd like a meal suggestion, please
what is the most money i can top up?
It's been a week since I ordered my card and it's not here. Please help?
unmute
Do you work with all fiat currencies?
Did I get an email about a job offer?
Is there an age limit to get an account?
Find me any news from SO CLEAN the last 6 hours?
Begin Secrets of the Citadel January onne cast
Where did Rama go on his final journey?
yes you get your understanding perfectly.
what i can do with laptop
would you replay please.
Schedule a sales meeting for Wednesday at 11am
What are the fees imposed when I make a transaction?
Plaease give me detail of o zaalima song.
are there any construction areas on harvard
say that again.
java
please tell me a joke
i'm going to need an uber to take 4 people to the mall
show the playlist
what else do i have on the list
How is the traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas today?
your answer was enjoyable
what is the answer to two by two
you can cancel the task
Will there be any 70 degree days next week?
brighten the lights in living room
Please repeat the current song is being played
lower brightness of lights
€1 was in my statement as an extra fee.
transfer my cash reward balance to my bank
how far away is the nearest rest stop
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
what all lists are available
my insurance plan is what
save my music choices
How old does my kids need to be to open an account?
how much do i have in the bank
how do i set up direct deposit for my fifth third account
could you speak louder
can you find me a rice recipe
that is so false
Set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
what is the minimum for my citicard this month
turn the volume up
you need to reset your factory settings
I  do not see a top-up processed.
Play a podcast about latest yoga videos
how do you convert inches to centimeters
add all my bills for this month and tell me the total
I need to start a list called...
flip a fair coin i win if it's tails
where do i begin the process of reporting my luggage lost
on my to do list, add dishes
I deposited a check yesterday and Im not seeing it in my account. i need the money, is there something wrong with my account? check it out please
can you please talk slower
can you speak louder
remove cart list
can you tell me about my meetings next week
is everyone on my facebook list watching the game
start the vacuum
How do I go about cancelling a transaction?
what's the calorie content of cheetos
Can you please assist me in Apple Pay, in getting Top Up to work?
When will the money from my bank transfer be available?
please show me today's date
what is today's close of goog
I get a "decline" message when doing a transfer
i believe that there is some fraudulent activity on my capital one account
How's the weather in Orlando?
I was transferring some money to a friend, which I thought would be free, but I see there is a charge.  What's up with that?
shit, not correct.
What's up with my order?
What's the highest mountain in Italy?
how good are the ratings for per se
switch on the lights
remove the sms recipient which have initials s
is it possible to get a refund for something I purchased?
Which currencies do you handle?
give me international news
Is there a way I can get a Visa card?
Is there something wrong with my card payment? It's been pending a really, really long time.
If I have $2000 in my savings account, how much will I have by the end of the year with interest?
order chinese food
What do I do to activate?
Did you revert my top up?
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
Would you please tell me the status of my refund request for a large purchase I made not long ago? I contacted the merchant nearly a week ago, but haven't received it.
give me my location
give me updates on this news
remove eric name
play the song that goes like hey jude don't make it bad
This disposable virtual card is not working.
what is on my to do list
Book ticket for (location) by train
can you raise your speaking speed
show me direction to my home
Is it possible to get one of your cards in the European Union?
My account shows I made a debit payment to someone that I can't recall and would like to find out who the payment was made to.
can you give me a french dinner suggestion
three times two equals six
can you find my package
Please cancel the next event on the calendar
What is the procedure for activating this card?
Please cancel my most recent transfer, it was a mistake. This is an emergency. It needs to be canceled before it goes through.
free home delivery
My phone was stolen
My card is lost! What can I do?
will you repeat my reminder list
can you tell me the definition of sucrose
keep me up to date on the election news
Please switch the channel to classic FM.
mute sound from speakers
remind me at the time of the event
Why am I not allowed to transfer money to my cryptocurrency exchange?
that's cool, musch appreciated.
look up recipe time for this
olly will you just stop it please.
Play the music
play alex jones in radio
how much money do i bring in
please call mark
Has my top-up been cancelled?
i was not clear about your answer.
will it snow next week
why do i not have a virtual card
could you please put a stop on my bank account
on the shopping list did i put tomato
what is the name of that song that just went off
Can I make an account for my daughter?
show me painting exhibition in bay area
would you please shut up.
i would like to know the mpg for this car
What is the number of transactions I get with a disposable card?
what is the news about current weather.
i would like you to increase the speed of your speech please
enable shuffle
schedule an appointment to get my oil changed
Can you get me a taxi home?
how long before i need to replace my tires after i replaced them on 2/24/18
is the apr rate on my amex pretty good
would you let me know what the meaning is life is
Play for me American Idol show
i am unclear about what you've just said.
add milk to grocery list
Am I able to track a card that has already been sent?
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at macaroni grill for saul
find me an uber and get it here
can you check for reservations at wongs chinese for john acer
I see a direct debit transaction in my history that I did not set up.
can you start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
do i have to buy milk
What does H2O stand for?
remove upcoming task
Olly, how far is Canada from my current location?
They is a payment I don't recognize on my statement.
change the lights into green
set mute mode for one hour
when is taco bell going to arrive
how old is cher
Did Ben and Jen get back together?
The exchange rates are?
Describe what a crop circle is.
what is the current est time
set your name to hillary
remove tomorrow's alarm
i need to hear what you've said again.
Robotics
What is the delivery time for US?
directions to mcdo?
Directions to nearest Apple Store
brighten my bedroom light
what alarms do you have set
What documents do I need to get together to verify my identity?
please delete my morning alarm
Looks like my card payment was cancelled.
i need a hotel in new orleans from may 2 - 5 near the french quarter
Can you pull up the current news stories?
Google I need one train ticket to New York can you book that for me.
save the information which is provided by aman on this song.
hello, how are things
My card was denied at an ATM earlier today but the transaction is pending. Please cancel it as I did not receive my money.
whats that object about?
what is the minimum i can pay on my electric bill
when will my credit card app be approved
I have a disposable card but it does not work?
Why has my top up failed?
What number of transactions can i do with one disposable card?
remove item from list
that's nice one, thanks.
uhh no, you've done that all wrong.
How long will my transfer stay pending?
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
yeah that's good.
do you think i have enough money in my chase account for a new pair of sneakers
I want a new PIN please.
What has happened recently in the world?
thanks but you don't understand me.
how much is 50 plus 756
wake me at 7 am
what is five over three
that's cool, thank you.
Tell me all about hurricane
silent mode
turn on the socket
i want to hear play that funky music
can you talk in spanish
turn off smart lamp in den
my card is lost and i need to know how to report it
can you create a new list
show me pancakes
clear all events on my calender
Skip forward
please just cancel.
Why are there fees for card usage?
Remove vegetables from the list
remove alarms set for tomorrow
it is ten am in eastern standard time what time it is now it pacific standard time
what is your country of origin
how long does it take to get to the sky harbor airport
are you an ai or a real person
My account has a weird withdrawal.
show me upcoming events in chicago
latest news update
Tune into this radio station
my card was damaged by my cat; can i report that
how far is it from tokyo to dallas
what are the recommended shots to get before i travel to south korea
how much country of canada money would i get for $100
whats a new sci fi movie
i need the cooking length for a turkey
when can i start boarding my flight
Open reply
could you confirm my last instruction please.
take note of today as my first date with bob
hey, I think someone stole my card numbers. There is a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me.. I really need that money back to pay my rent.
on the plug
yes that's fantastic.
you got that perfectly.
just how bad is traffic on my commute
i want coffee
My top-up seems to be pending for a long time?
Get an item refund
What is the youngest someone can be to open an account?
Are jello shots calorie free?
what's around me
What alarms do I got PDA?
play audiobook of jacob
Am I able to get a refund for something I bought?
how is water spelled
sorry but i think it's not the correct response.
tweet a complain about my shoe color on flipkart
I have a trip coming up and want to add money automatically.
you've done it correctly thank you.
I am being charged a pound out of nowhere. What is this?
please find out if rooms are free from 1 to 2
Can you confirm that my meeting for tomorrow has been cancelled?
switch the lights off
I am still waiting for the cash to be returned from a cheque I deposited!
Add eggs to my list
do you know how busy outback steakhouse tends to be at 7:00 pm
I bough an item and the exchange rate was incorrect.
hey siri have you heard any funny jokes lately
what is a cookie recipe
prepare coffee
The correct amount of cash was not received.
Please tell me when is the marriage of mr.JIM?
While on vacation I used an ATM to get cash and was overcharged. These charges are ridiculous and had I known about them I would have never used it.
I cannot get my google pay to work.
set reminder for meeting....
How long will a cash withdrawal be pending?
Is the weather going to be nice this weekend?
Do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
what's your designation
I tried to add a topup to my account but the money isn't there, anymore. Did I do something wrong?
Please activate <insert vacuum name>
how long do i cook pork
my cash withdrawal is pending, why?
what time will it be locally at nine am bangalore india time
i would like to hear the last one again.
My card was charged more than expected.
delete the last line
where can i locate the routing number for the bank i bank with
i like you just cancel.
WHAT CAN I DO AFTER THE CARD MISSING
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
Is there a way to check if there is any new news stories to read?
please add list of things to buy for party
meeting rooms open between one and three pm
please modify that command.
what do i need to do to make blackberry pie
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
Continue the last chapter of the audio book I was listening to.
I want to know who is at the top of the English Premier League at the moment
Olly, please tweet at bestbuy that I am not happy with their service today.
i need to get to bristol Friday night can you book me a ticket please
reminders for card payments
What is the time in London?
i think incorrect.
1 USD is EUR
give me vacation days remaining, please
Do physical cards cost money?
when do i need to get an oil change
how would i raise my credit spending by 250 dollars
what is 13 times 57
help with credit card points
Find a pizza restaurant open until noon
I need the volume to be quieter
how do my health benefits work
tallest building
how many transactions can i make with a disposable card
what is the currency conversion charges applicable
Help me with a PIN change.
Please book a train ticket from Jodhpur to Jaisalmer on Sunday.
remind me to eat when i get home
remind me to put gas in my car
is it raining now
There has been a red flag on my top up.
I tried to buy something and it was declined and my transfers keep getting declined, Why?
looking back on my transactions from a couple of months ago I have noticed a charge that is fairly large that I'm certain was not completed by me. I know it has been a while but can I please dispute this charge?
Why can't I use my beneficiary?
play the health show on the television in the living room
who was john dillinger
thanks but i think it's wrong.
this song i'm listening to would be great on my commute playlist
can you tell me what benefits i receive with my insurance
How do I transfer money from one bank account to another?
reminder
can you tell me how to change the oil in my car
turn up the volume on my speakers
how much have i spent on starbucks since the beginning of 2019
what new emails do i have form amie
locate lost luggage from flight america airlines in o'hare
Can you look into my top up please.  I made it over three hours ago and yet it's still pending.
it's cool, appreciated.
In what increments can I top-up my card?
Could you update me with the list of my music likes
that is actually false
Increase the volume of the left speaker by 10
Is there a tracking number for the card you sent me?
In the app, where do I find my card PIN?
I can't see my refund in my history.
Activate radio and tune into 989
please play james altucher's podcast
Olly what am I doing today?
i need to know about the height of mount everest
my balance has not changed, despite depositing a cheque
play the song let it go
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
Do you offer services for children to have money saving experience?
Olly I want to go to the outdoor movie screening this weekend, remind me
who is the contact that last called me
how much do you know about me
What is the current date time group?
change the plan of meeting
i'd like a block on my charles schwab account immediately
what's the time to destination going via bus to omaha
Start playing music from favourites
what does x’s music sound like
theaters near to me
turn off the lights
I was mugged and everything taken.  What do I do to protect my account?
olly i would like you stop.
i wish to know the balance of my bank of american account
Speak louder please
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
is there any concerts taking place in new york today
cancel everything on my calendar
what does session mean
PDA, How much is a dollar in rupees
I'm stuck here at your broken ATM and I don't know what to do next. Asked for 30 pounds, got 10. ATM said I got 30. Something very wrong here and I want my money now!
speak the last words one more time please.
go back to previous episode of podcast
Find me the description of this object
stop and go back
add jpearsonjessica@gmail dot com to email contacts
I withdrew cash and I think the exchange rate is wrong.
I'm wondering how long it takes for my money to get to me after a bank transfer.
I think I may have been charged $1 extra on my app.  Could you provide some insight as to why this may have happened?
what is the fridge life of spahghetti
dammit, that's not what i said.
weather like
so how is everything
who are you
I have 1 other US card.  Can you take that?
set an alarm at six am tomorrow
launch game
what are you suppose to do with a 401k rollover when getting a new job
i would like to reserve a table for 2 at sam's steakhouse under the name jessie at 6:30 pm
Please create a list of Due payment those who not received more then 10 Months.
how do you get?
How many records did Prince make?
please hold for the next hour
can i drink milk i've kept in the fridge since wednesday
Can I use American Express to add money into my account?
i think this is not correct command.
Why have I been charged more than once for the same transaction?
i'd like you to confirm my last instruction please.
I have transactions that I don't recognize - I think someone is using my card.
let me know what is remaining on my query
Why was my exchange rate a different amount than usual?
connect to lights
Is it possible to tell if my top up has reverted?
I found my card! Can I link it back into the app?
My card won't physically work.
Turn the volume down a little please
it might be either
I was charged extra or a hidden fee when I purchased something from you. What's the deal? I didn't authorize that charge.
shuffle song
what kind of meetings do i have today
Whats on my calendar today
what timezone is miami in
How long does it take to get my card? Can I choose when to receive it?
comcast sucks put that on their twitter account
you have done it correcly.
august fifteenth is what day of the week
lower volume to half
My funding to my card didn't go through.
what did you mean by that.
please remind me 1 hour before the meeting I hace tomorrow morning
Why is my card payment showing as pending?
Change dollar to rupees rates
ring my phone at 12 pm
Contact Walmart customer service with a complaint via tweet.
I don't want to take any more calls after 5pm
resume last played audiobook
tell me what the date is tomorrow
what is a banana
Why can I not choose the card i want?
Please put on an alarm for 8am
convert time zone
dim the lights at the living room
post in pinterest about my new chicken recipe
i need a bit of hand holding getting my trash bill paid
remove calendar events
Search for trains leaving tonight for London
Next month my card will expire, do I need to order a new one?
Please add mike@123.com to my contact lists and send them a reminder email.
Play the latest episode of Little Steven's Underground Garage.
What is taking so long on my transfer from the US?
Can you tell me if my top-up has been cancelled?
How old is Mary S?
what happened to the money after i put in the wrong info and it got declined
Find turkey meatball recipe.
can you show me how to order some more checks for my chase account
resume pride and prejudice
i want to know more about this person
can you suggest a french restaurant, please
I do not recongize a payment in my account.
lower the speakers
contacts please
Are cards available in the EU?
Is my country's currency supported by your system?
i want to pay my bill
transcribe email <unk>
can i find out my checking interest rate online
show stock value of goog
how can i go about requesting a vacation
What is the disposable card for?
Will you tell me how to exchange USD for GBP in the app?
what is happening to my order
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
I have checked the account information several times to be sure that it is correct, but the in country transfer I did a few days ago still has not appeared! What is the hold up?
turn the lights off now
Where are the ATMs that I can use Mastercard?
What's the song title?
As I double checked that I have the correct account details that i submitted , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending so far.
My top up is incomplete.
i would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from subway
Can I use the app without my phone?
oil changes are typical done when
I tried to deposit a cheque into my account and it is not letting me.
How can I check for an unsupported merchant for my transfer request?
Assign an owner, or person responsible, to the ticket
know any interesting facts
Is there an auto top-up option?
take away all events
i want to report fraud on my american express
create an event with location 'home' and with event 'new year's eve'
will you start calling me chaz
please show my current location to andre
what is the fastest route to town
i like you just cancel it.
how do i make chicken alfredo
I think I was charged by mistake on my debit statement.
show me the path of nearest railway station
latest updates
add new item to list
pull up outlook i need to send a email
Google find the new email address for Bill that I added Friday.
play a retro song in my playlist.
have i gotten around to adding the bike ride to my calendar yet
I tried to send someone money but they haven't received it.
Let me know what the steps for the identity checks are
please give me detail one dollars equals rs
How do I apply for a refund?
can i get an uber for 2 home
Please put this playlist on shuffle
Are their fee's for top ups?
buying clothes
Resolve this 30 -12
when is today's meeting with john
text robert and tell him winter is coming
how much is my apr on my bank of america card
Can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at 7am?
is there anything i need to know before i activate the robot vacuum cleaner
update on email
I want to eat two pita gyros please! And some Diet Coke!
do you have any elvis music
book me a taxi to the mall of america please
What sort of restrictions are there for the disposable cards?
i like you confirm details please.
Can i get a throw away card
PDA, what are the definitions of orange?
what's the mileage to get the the taj mahal in atlantic city
i want to hear that again.
I used my card to get cash then I was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been charged.
ah it was great one, olly.
At what age did Brad Pitt marry Angelina Joli?
change the lights to blue
can you give me the latest sports news
would you reset what i've said please.
My wallet was stolen and all my credit cards were in there.  HELP?!!?
delete sherlock holmes from library
will you repeat.
i would like you to check the question please.
How long will it take for my ID to verify?
update latest news
i want to hear a yo mama joke
I just moved. How do I give you my new address?
I need a nap
get everything on my shopping list
Save this song to playlist
gracias
The service here is horrible, I want to delete my account.
i want to bake brownies, how long do they bake for
How do I make sure I don't run out of money on my card while traveling?
In regards to the PIN of the card?
can you help me with anything i need
add my spa appointment on the 12th to my calendar
How old is Tom Hanks?
I was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
did the price of walmart stock go up or down
how do i braise a pork loin
I want a train ticket to Oregon.
weather at the moment.
how much am i expected to pay in tax
When are the next 3 trains to Boise?
what is the balance of my bank of american account
Hey Siri, play me an automated playlist based on songs heard in Gaana app this week.
nice lyrics
need to know places i can withdraw money
How many different cards can I have for my account?
My payment came back for something i'm trying to buy online? it's been doing it for two weeks.  do you know what the issue is?
Erase all events from my calendar
How do I go about cancelling a transaction?
that is unimportant, olly.
My cash withdrawal charged me the wrong exchange rate
I'm not seeing my cash deposit showing up in my account.
Play Sirus on satellite radio.
Hi, I am unable to use my card in ATM. I had tried my card in two ATMs but both ATMs declined it. Could you please check my account?
what's the routing number for my navy federal account
I have made a payment by my card, and its still pending since a long time. Could you please tell me when it will process.
Why haven't I gotten a virtual card yet?
assist me with finding an uber to big ben
thank you for the help
what time is it in the eastern half of the us right now
decrease lighting
What should I do with my atm that got stuck?
how many teaspoons will make one tablespoon
remove alarm of seven thirty am on monday
can we get a direct deposit
i wanna have an alarm
i need to make a reservation to long horn's, can i
i love that song who sings it
once again explain it to me.
whats going on in my calendar
Hi, I have done a topup, but my money was reverted. Please look into this issue.
describe a workhouse for me
How long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long! Can you fix this to go through?
Do you have a children account available?
Where can money withdrawals be made?
is there a correlation between the weather in Beijing and NASDAQ prices over the last week?
play the rock music for me
A while ago i requested a refund from a seller. I keep checking my statement but I have not been refunded yet. I'm confused why i haven't gotten my money back yet but I need your help getting it please.
Book me a flight to Mars next year
oops, it is not the correct answer.
What is today's date?
when referring to you, what name should i use
please can you tell me that word said once again.
please remove apples from my grocery list
Tell me what the steps for the identity checks are
Book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
What if I don't verify my identity?
Where can I receive my card?
will you dim all the lights
I did not make this payment that I see in the App.
text dan and tell him to go home
does pizza hut have my order ready
do me a favor and put sharpies on my list for shopping
turn off this light
What limits are there on the virtual cards?
I don't know where this transaction came from?
what is Paris time ?
you've done your understanding correcly.
How do I know if my top up worked?
Why did you decline my transfer?
Olly, give me the news on donald trump
what is on that date
please refer to me as sharon
I can't find my refund. Please help.
English test form email from Marcia
Where do I go to add a new card?
can you speak that one more time again.
will i get my paycheck soon
I may no longer need GBP, but instead I will need AUD, how can I go about making this change?
Can you suggest me a healthy foods for dinner
I need to top up cash, How do I do it?
find events in local area
whatever is good.
google i. b. m. stock prices
you did command perfectly.
What will the weather be like for this week?
what are the train times to Chicago for today
How can my new card be activated?
tell me jokes
Alexa, i need a train ticket for today to Chicago.
something is wrong with my exchange rate charge
start the audiobook file for where i left off in a tale of two cities
I already have an account. Why can't I use it unless my identity is verified?
did trey sand any messages
lights off bathroom
Can I top up using cash?
please turn off the smart plug socket
start creating a new list
i am sorry but i think you are wrong.
I'm not sure why the card payment didn't work.
Play Rocky Horror Playlist
Please list the subject lines of last twenty received emails.
where is the closest subway entrance to me to go to brooklyn
what kind of fuel should i use to fill the car
if i use my card in tahiti, will i be charged
When my card expires, will I get a new one mailed to me?
have any cool facts on reptiles
do i have enough gas to take me home
what country are you from
what do you know about lifes meaning
what are the headlines on cnn
did i receive my paycheck this week
write a tweet telling macy's that they should be shutting down instead of jcpenney
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
PDA, What music is being played right now?
what taxes will i owe from my income
What does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
is there any way you can decrease your speaking rate
when can i expect the next holiday here
why is there a hold on my charles swab account
tell me when my meeting is scheduled with roger
Please tell me how to change my pin.
where did you used to live
how do i create a meeting
on my wells fargo mastercard, what is the current apr
stop seven am alarm
play national public radio
locate my phone
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
Please give me information about Jhon Abraham Lincon
play by favorite radio station
i need the apr on my visa card
olly i would like you just stop it.
talker faster please
What day of the week was February 4, 1972?
olly would you shut up please.
good night
excellent response to the command.
My address has changed.
could you change the accent you're using
report alarm settings
tell me what is in your list
Olly set a lunch date for next Tuesday at noon with Sarah at Black Angus.
put the song that's playing to my techno playlist
I made a cash withdrawal and it is still listed as a pending transaction.
how many minutes do i cook baked ziti
hey olly tell my today's top news
can i use my mastercard to add money to my account
Event
when do i need to leave to pick up my order
I need to know current weather in New York city
Did I make a shopping list?
humor me
is there life on other planets
good night
I needed $100 but all it gave me was $20.
would you please confirm my last command.
i would like for you to unsync my phone
get hourly notification on sports news
how many items are on my todo list
dog in spanish
Start my music playlist.
convert ten miles to kilometers
have they looked over my app for the new credit card yet
Is it possible to get a real card?
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Do I need to do anything specific to configure this?
for some reason I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
find me a recipe for <unk>
tell me it again please.
is it ok to eat alfredo that's been in the fridge since last sunday
Search Nandy containing payment
I'm pretty sure my top up failed. How do I fix this?
save this song as a favorite
can you please confirm detail.
what is the electricity bill
your volume is too high please repeat that lower
switch off the plug socket
tell me what kind of gas this car uses
play my game
can you give me a recipe for german chocolate cake
can i order take out food at this time
i want to know my credit rating
Play Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head next please.
due to fraudulent activity on my card i need to make a report
COULD YOU PLEASE CANCEL MY TRAIN TICKET.
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
List and play all songs by given artist.
reopen groceries and add milk
check what just said please.
what alarms I have set?
what is the proper time to cook steak for
How long does it take for something to be delivered to the U.S?
turn cleaner robot on
Can top ups be done from an apple watch.
I need more physical cards than I have right now!
Can you tell me where you get your exchange rates?
please play rap
what's your name
continue onto the next podcast
put a new mail
what is my current location that you see right now
did you get what just said correctly?
how many more miles can i drive before changing my tires
I sent you a cheque a few days ago and I noticed that nothing has happened yet. Can you tell me the status of my cheque please?
How long do transfers from Europe take?
what is the limit on my visa
is it possible to raise the credit limit for my discover card
i must know who programmed you
Turn down the volume
Will a beneficiary not accept a transfer?
phonecall sarah
Why isn't my top up showing?  Was the money reversed?
i have credit card points, how do i redeem them
Google Pay won't let me top up.
remove next event calendar
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
are you alive
how can i increase my credit score
Why am I charged an extra fee on my card?
buy a train ticket from lakeland florida to new york
please block my discover account immediately
what events are happening near me
Do you charge if I use a European bank card for top up?
My card doesn't work.
Start Cnady Crush.
how much do i pay in taxes, please
My source of funds need verified.
Why was my transaction declined?
name the singer of this track
I don't remember my code to get into the app.
Define the moon for me.
does my apr rate suck
put a device with my phone
what time is it in phoenix
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
Keep going on podcast
how is the weather likely to be this week
Someone hacked into my cards account.
Do you know why my card payment is declined?
change my status to chillin
how much money am i making this year at work
i want to hear a joke about elephants
Why isn't this accepting my identity?
can you pull up the latest time so i won't be late for my appointment
please would you repeat what you've said.
send a tweet to apple that their batteries drain too fast
let's go through my to do list items please
is any traffic on my route to work
fantastic job, you have done well.
i need the conversion between a cup and a tablespoon
What is the number of days I have to wait for my Europe transfer?
I want to change my PIN - do I need to be in a bank?
I don't recognize this payment
The refund I asked for isn't showing up
Email John Smith.
current weather forecast
yes you have done your understanding correcly.
check the events on calendar and delete the next event
I don't understand why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement.
what was the latest post
My top up has failed
save this song as my favorite
please increase volume
set my alarm fro 5:30
make lights brightener
please help me report my lost card
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep
I think my card payment was reverted
i would like you to change the settings back to factory default now, please
tell me about joose
make me coffee now
book my chair class ac train ticket from manhattan to new york
please further rephrase to me.
An ATM swallowed my credit card!
can you confirm my reservation for chillis at 8:00
Change my light color to blue, and please turn off the kitchen light.
what will traffic be like nearest the george washington bridge, new york
terminate current process
why don't i have access to my bank account
please tell my what insurance plan i registered for
I need assistance with understanding which fiat currencies that you support.
i need your to reset to factory settings
what is on my calendar next sunday
which song is this
add i like it by cardi b to my playlist
cancel the breakfast at tiffany's house
I'm still waiting for my card that was issued a week ago. What should I do?
Do I have a new email from Sandy?
Where is Kilamanjaro?
I love that song. Who sings it?
I'd like to get another card
Tell me what ATMs allow me to change my PIN.
is it going to rain on monday
Can I use American Express to add money into my account?
please would you rephrase me about your answers once again.
I like rock music
i'd like to listen to ninety nine point five
check last thing i said please.
write and send email to my boss
uhh no, that isn't what i am looking for.
How long does it take to activate my card?
could you please tell me the apr for the credit card
lets go threw some trivia on sports
cancel list
spell: dessert
Do you offer a discount for those who perform frequent currency exchanges?
let me know my vacation time
yeap you've got command correcly.
say some jokes
look for a taxi to go home
change your language setting to chinese
What do I use to verify my identity?
do you know which insurance plan i have
bella needs to be called
does my capital one credit card have international transaction fees
pay a bribe using my money market account
My top up isnt working
What number of transactions can i do with one disposable card?
I think that there is a payment on my card that I did not authorize.  I don't recognize the name attached to the transaction.
set notification from world news
How come I can't get money at the ATM
get louder
Can you add Name/Location to calendar?
please try the things one more again.
i need a new pin on my chase account
Delete all meetings for tomorrow
Please sort your top up! My top up has been pending for an hour already. Can you please make it go through as soon as possible. I really need the money.
it was nice job, thanks, olly.
i am unable to complete my order, why could there be a hold on my wells fargo account
Did i recieve emails from this person
can you set the temp to 69
Please list shops withing X miles from me
Why did Bob Dylan earn a nobel peace prize?
Why was I chaged twice for the same thing?
hi send i love you message to my wife
can you play my favorite audio book of king kong
did i set an alarm to wake up in the morning
Please send an email to <email address>
My phone has been stolen.
please find all name start with alphabetic of g and create a list
How do I change my PIN abroad?
i would like to know the types of subjects are you familiar with
what is the current rate of euro to us dollars
will you reset.
Olly, email Jennifer the new schedule of the meeting for tomorrow.
are there any alarms going off today
Help me activate my new card.
which purchases are on my shopping list
does my tv need a socket conveter in ny city
How's the exchange rate looking right now?
Tell me about the events near me
How do I select a Mastercard instead of a Visa?
How can i make my card active?
please read me my current lists
I can't see, let's make it brighter
PDA: Jump to the next podcast
tell me about this car's highway mpg
i think there's fraud on my account
remove recent call list
my phone was too close to my card and demagnetized it, how can i report this
find a recipe for homemade bread
Remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow.
how busy is red robin around 5 pm
What currencies are available for my use in holding and exchange?
is there any new message from person A.
what is the stock for hp company
I cannot find my phone, what should I do?
what song is playing right now
please remind me of all the nba scores in a week
what's that.
if i ordered a new card, how long til it comes
hmm, either
The NFC payment wouldn't work on the bus today. Help?
what's your age siri
find me info on
My transfer says pending. What does that mean?
how can i order checks for my savings account
can you tell me the date today
play the circle
how long does it take to get to dallas by bus
Can someone please explain to me where my source of funds came from?
When will my funds transfer?
Why can't I transfer to a beneficiary?
on the tv
that's amazing.
who would you say that you are working for
Hi, I made a transfer from France two days ago and thought it would be here by now. Can you give me an update please?
talker faster please
thank you ai for everything you do
Who are the greatest hip hop artists?
i'm hungry show me some takeaway food
There's something wrong on my bill. A transfer fee should never have been added.
set a meeting on the 20th oct 10:30 am
When I got cash I was charged an extra fee!  Explain!
can you please read the my mom sent this morning at ten am
whats going on in Japan
set an alarm for five minutes from now
What is your best joke
I need to deposit my virtual card, how do i do that.
when is my cell phone bill due
will you please check it.
I'm going to the OAR concert in Paris on March 24
this event needs to be deleted
refresh with my instruction.
it's cool, thank you so much, olly.
I need a high volume
How to unblock my PIN?
Olly, when does Panama City Mall open?
Why did the cash deposit not show up in my account?
no idea
cash from this morning has not deposited
What will be day on 15th March
I can't remember my password.
How can I get my money back on an order. I haven't gotten the item yet, so I want to cancel the order. How?
what is the forecast
In the app I see a direct debit that I don't recognize.
How do I change to AUD from GBP?
Please play AR Rahman music
Which cards do you support for top up?
There is a suspicious cash withdraw on the account.
How do I go about unlocking a pin?
are you a computer or a real person
i like you confirm details please.
how is my inbox looking at the moment
retry it please.
how would one say cruiser in china
Is there a traffic jam on my route?
what time is my flight supposed to board
Erase my lunch date with Ted on June 1st
How can I find the source for my available funds and money?
how much is my income tax
<List all of my alarms>
please play the song that goes doo doo doo
Where do I order a disposable virtual card?
How long will an urgent transfer from China take?
can you get access to my phone right now
how much do you charge to accept transfers
get ready for the meeting before the event starts
where is the closest spot to order food for pickup
What Mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout?
What happens if the ATM gives me the wrong amount of money?
what is the time difference between my location and hong kong
I have received my American express in apple play, looks like top up has an issue, please help?
It complements the information in Drive Safe: A handbook for Western Australian road users by providing a practical guide to the driving skills, experience, good driving habits and attitudes that learner drivers need to develop.
make the volume to zero
take item off list
please find me the pe most recent news on
Hi, I am on vacation in Spain and someone stole my bag with my phone and wallet with cards and everything. Can you block it ASAP and then I want to order a new one also ASAP.
I can't seem to get my virtual card to work.
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
does china have any travel alerts i should be aware of
send mom the following email
What is the age limit for an account?
define thoroughbred
My top-up didn't work.
are the reviews for chevy's any good
What do I have for today?
flip a coin, i have tails
are you a live being
Let me know about any alarms set today.
make vacuum cleaner start
i would like to hear the theme song to this is us
compile information on the data breach
List lists
move 100 dollars from my savings to my checking
start playing the hobbit
can you set the alarm for one hundred and thirty
How do I edit the personal details on my account?
get new emails
Hi, I am trying to buy something online, but i think there is some issue in my card. As payment is reverted. Please help me in this as i am facing the same issue from last two weeks.
when do i have to renew my card so it doesn't expire
Find a recipe for a romantic dinner for two
I think someone has access to my card numbers that shouldn't.
Play the Breakfast Club.
can you cancel my todo list please
off lights
I made a bank transfer earlier from my UK account.  I don't see it yet, can you check the status?
how old is joanne
what is the best shop restaurant around angel
atm would not give me cash
does louie's do take out
Why hasn't my transaction arrived?
please repeat that phrase
The 22nd is on what day of the week?
i need you to book a taxi for me
what is 22 meters in inches
how would i say i need directions if i were french
tell me movies playing in oceanside tonight
Someone else made a Direct Debit transaction on my account
which identity details are required
I need the volume to be (louder/quieter)
How much is 20 Argentinian pesos in pounds
what are the international transactions fees for my industrial bank card
i want to see my reminder list
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND CAD
whatever will be fine.
recipe for spaghetti
My mail
what's your name if i may ask
What's my upcoming week look like?
what is the weather forecast for chicago
does not matter, olly.
remember metallica selections for next time
let's talk about your hobbies
mute yourself until five pm
new emails
is it colder than yesterday
yes that's amazing.
what kind of international transaction fees are related to my amex
it could be one or the other
Set a meeting with Tom on Tuesday at 9am.
how old were you on your most recent birthday
My transfer still says pending
what is my email from steve about
list all the alarms
I am very dissatisfied with the services that you are providing.  I want to cancel my account.
Olly, order a train ticket to Los Angeles now.
i appreciate it.
help me find a hotel in that has good reviews in columbus
There is a problem with my card. Somebody has removed money from my account in a town I haven't been to. Can you please freeze my account immediately?
Hi, I am facing issue with my card payment while shopping online as payment is getting reverted. I am struggling with this issue around two weeks. Please advise.
is it possible to have a room booked in omaha near the convention hall for may 01, 2019 to may 05, 2019
is there a way i can change the name you use to address me
whats going on with trump
How do I make sure I don't run out of money on my card while traveling?
what type of gas am i allowed to put in this car
How many grams are there for a cup of butter?
play npr on this station
I need a coffee
I bought something in another country but the exchange rate is wrong
let's try again please.
make my iroomba clean the living room
can you bright the lights please
you have what types or kinds of pets
i want you to check and confirm what said please.
tell me what you are capable of answering
Why did I not get my cash back after I withdrew?
Why didn't the money I transferred into my account get added to my balance?
is the meeting with lisa today
is honey a good sugar substitute
Am I able to use Apple Pay?
who was the first president of united states
I want to hear a joke.
Someone made a mistake on my money transfer because I was charged extra fees.
i'd like you confirm my last instruction please.
Can you play tic tac toe?
Why is my exchange rate wrong?
please tell me the weather forecast
delete the party on june first from my calendar
I'm still waiting on my card to be delivered.
get me the number for local taxi service
is there a way to fix my top up
I was mugged.  They took everything.  I can't use the app.  What do I do?
that's helpful, thank you so much.
add wine to list
Can this room have green light?
you rock, musch appreciated.
Explain Photosynthesis
Show me the song @ from list
Hey Olly, what time is it in Ocho Rios, Jamaica?
What is the limit to top up?
Help me delete my account.  I am not satisfied with the service.
How much would I be charged for a transfer?
turn bedroom lights off
what is you name
call a taxi for me to where i am currently located
The app said I withdrew cash at an ATM and I didn't
I want to see what this fee is on my card payment.
i am going to call the landlord
can you make the lights go out
What should I do if I don't know my password?
Give me the description of a Television circuit
My transfer appeared not to work.
can you list the places that there are travel alerts for
i want you to connect using my phone
tell me how much my cable bill is
I'm having issues with my card. You guys keep declining it for some reason. I haven't had any issues up until this point. What is going on? I've tried a handful of times with the same, unfortunate, result!
would you please tell me how many vacation days i have
Is it possible to have an item refunded?
i need a list of good places to eat near me
open note pad
I was double-charged for a transaction
yeah great response.
I need to reset the passcode.
tell me the current exchange rate between cad and euros
Play Ella Fitzgerals Get Happy
I would like to know the meaning of word?
I was mugged.  They took everything.  I can't use the app.  What do I do?
it's helpful, appreciated.
play reggae music
What were the last five lists I made?
need to know if there is a maximum i can top up
open my notes
fantastic work, you've done well.
make sound louder
Does shrimp contain a lot of fat?
Is it storming right now?
How do you cook steak?
please tell me one more time.
i need to delete my doctor's appointment scheduled for march 15th from my calendar
How long before transferred money shows up?
i'd like a 7 sided dice roll please
How can I switch on my new card?
what is the name of that song
May I know the answer to that question
would you like to play a game with me
i need you to buy a laptop
do i need a us visa for cuba
Where is this card accepted?
What do I need to do to perform identity checks?
do i have the ability to rollover my 401k
Where can I obtain my virtual card?
Appointments this wednesday
What's playing
is my luggage lost
please remove the following list
The ATM is messed up. It gave me less than I wanted.
i’ll be leaving now
How's the weather today?
I can still see money in my account after making a payment
how does the desk look
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards?
There's a payment that isn't mine on my app
Who are the best drummers in the world today?
How can receive a physical card
please play music by acdc
How many days to deliver to a US customer?
I forgot what my pin number is and now am blocked can you help me get in?
What is a pending payment?
Given a choice, I'd rather have Mastercard.
can i use my credit card points to make purchase
Could you add this on my calender please
weather like
what home alarms have been set
I would like more physical cards
my friend has not got the money I sent last week.
what is the data of my gas tank
where can i find the nearest dollar store
does life have meaning
what day does april sixteenth fall on
thanks but you're not right.
what are the total calories for two servings of pasta
Play classic rock
i got my new tires a month ago, when should i replace them
add the item to the list
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening .
put a hold on my chase account right away please
I need a physical card.
Why would my payment have been returned to my account?
could you tell me the temperature of the ac
Is it possible to use my apple watch for topping up?
please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to new york
do i have an email from person a
hi there tell me latest updates of times of india page in facebook
alexa what is the definition for the word pontificate
Why do I have a charge for an ATM withdrawal? I thought these were free?
how do you subtract numbers
route to melbourne
date and time
find nearest train station
what's the minimum i can pay on my sewer bill
please reply to my boss most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum
Do you give out Visa or Mastercards?
get answer right.
find for me a hotel with great reviews in ho chi minh
is it true your a real person
A few hours ago I made a bank transfer from my UK account but I don't see that it has arrived.   Can you check and see if all is ok please?
New gadgets.
In the US, how long is the wait for a transfer?
get city cab here to airport
enable smart socket
please take off my calendar on saturday the 6th birthday party for john
is there a limit to how long you can store bread in the freezer
Tell me today's newspaper's headlines
Tell me the current weather for Danville IL
you're talking too quickly for me to understand
I got a new card and can't find where to link it.
Help me to mute my speaker.
Send an email to my boss saying I will be late.
can you check and confirm that please.
open grubhub
Speak softer please
Move to the next episode of Hipsterhood.
I want the light switched off. Can you do it for me?
what the time difference from here to ottawa
Tell me what is in your list.
Help! In the app there is a payment that I don't remember.
I was just needing to know why my card got declined
will you help me get better in studies?
Why was I charged an extra fee when using a card?
Are you aware of any charges for receiving money?
Can you put the vacuum on?
can you get me train ticket prices please
delete my calendar
What is the purpose of the extra fee that is showing up on my statement?
Do I need to put a jacket on when I go outside?
do you have pets
what is piramid
i need you to cancel my reservation for smith's at 6:15
you did answer exactly.
find me a ride to the mall of america please
please increase the light
what are the ingredients necessary
I'd like to know more about the scheduled event...
am i going to be able to get my vacation request
i want an alarm for three today
where should i go eat tonight
what time is it in france
What is on this list
change the accent you're speaking in
Are there charges for using a bank card to top up
open grubhub
This Candidate├ö├ç├ûs Guide to the Practical Driving Assessment (PDA) has been prepared to help learner drivers develop the skills necessary to pass a PDA and become a safe driver.
set an alarm forty minutes from now
What is the name of the desert in Arizona?
My Virtual card was rejected for a car rental. Why?
can you reset it please.
set list
Can I hold more than one currency?
kenny roger's lady play
There is a strange charge on my debit statement
play old
How can I receive a virtual card?
This disposable virtual card is not working.
i've cancelled the order placed at mcd did it go through
find a columbus, ohio hotel with good reviews
did i forget to put protein shakes on my shopping list
make a coffee please
research the meaning of life
How many active transactions can I make with a disposable card?
do not really care.
start counting down from two minutes
Call RTA and book a taxi for 3 o'clock in the morning
Dim the lights
I need to change my house lights colour to blue
Let me know if Linda posts anything on my Facebook today
how do you jump start a car
Can my children get an account?
Can you please check my UK Account to make sure everything went alright?  I made the transfer a couple of hours ago.
Any new emails after 5 pm?
how do i cook a medium rare steak
i want you to connect to my handset
Is there a way to top-up when it reaches a certain balance?
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
i need to report fraudulent activity on my mastercard
clear this list
in china, need new card
can you let me know if it will be warm this week
you are awesome, thanks.
hold
I'd like to update my calendar.
Email search, new messages from
what's the next thing on my list of appointments
alexa set an alarm for 4pm tuesday
cnn world news
what did apple stock close at yesterday
how long is it safe to leave shrimp in the fridge
My card payment is being declined and I've tried several times.
Lower the lights in Bedroom 2
help me book a car rental in austin for april 11th to 13th get me a sedan if possible
open calendar schedule event meeting
Veganism
it's amazing.
Play repeats please
Where can I get your exchange rates from?
Explain object
play solitaire
Hey, what are you up to?
Olly, tell me the most recent news from CNN.
I need to change my address
speak louder
when is my visa due
I tried to deposit a cheque into my account and it is not letting me.
go to next podcast
please cancel.
i'm heading to israel soon, do i need a visa
Are all European currencies available for holding and exchange?
at four, how much business does georgio have
Ok Google, what's the largest continent?
Why was the exchange rate wrong when I got cash
go back to whisper mode
i do not have that information
start audiobook the time traveller
head lines today from news
do i have anything lists made for christmas shopping
show bio of rihana
will qdoba take reservations
Do top-ups have limits?
lets do a coin toss
current stock price intel
How do I link the new card?
Uber me to the airport
are you able to get into my phone at the moment
Can i get the directions to the nearest bar.
what's the best pizza shop nearby
I have a friend who needs money as soon as possibly. If I were to transfer it how long will it take to get to her?
can you change the living room lights to a softer color
There are automatic debits on my account that I did not make.
Create reminder for meeting in two hours.
please could you confirm instruction.
I can't input my pin again.
please update list with new item
tell me how i can apply for a chase credit card
geography melbourne
Whats the maximum number of disposable cards that I can get?
find out what song this is
hmm, i think you have done task all in wrong manner.
A seller is stating that they haven't received money yet when the money has already deducted from my account.
How many text messages has John  Smith sent me in the last 12 months?
closest auto parts store to find replace for dead car battery
i would like a reorder of checkbooks for my home equity line of credit with chase
turn off the rice cooker socket
order mcdonalds
Show me news from cnn
Can I change my name?  I am not married.
what's the last date i can use my credit card
where is my meeting at 9AM?
what is the quickest route by boat to Japan
virtual card won't work for me
can i refer to you as liz
check my wells fargo account to see if i have enough for these nike's
My top up was denied
i wanna know what do you call me
raise volume to level seven on music player
I would like to apply for a visa card.
I just got my new card.  How can I activate it?
I was wondering if international transfers take longer than normal because I made a transfer from France a couple of days ago and nothing has happened yet?
Can you help me track my card?
does chic-fil-a have good reviews
i think wrong.
is chase doing good
my card has a burn on it
what's the best chicken place near me
i'm seeking a full circle flight from msy to msp for w to june 7
I need my card frozen cause it was used without my consent to take money out. It was in an odd place.
how long should i cook chicken for
Why hasn't my balance increased after depositing a check?
give me some lavender toned light
hey olly turn the radio on
help me to mute my speaker
i want to play a trivia game
set up a reminder to mail a check tommorow
Can you help me get rid of my account?
Please play Games by Disturbed
I think my card has been compromised in some way.
Name the people that sent me an email today?
On my sisters birthday send her flowers.
Help!  What should I do?  My phone was stolen yesterday.
i need all the local events for this area that are being held this weekend
order takeout pizza from domino's for 7 p.m.
would you check and confirm the question please.
what is the time difference between california and michegan
i am going to germany soon do i need a visa
Play the next episode of Radiolab.
change my clock to central time zone from my current zone
i'd like an espresso
how long does it take to get my card i am in a rush
Will my card be here soon?
open news about bp oil
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
what ingredient can be used to replace white wine
i would like you to help me find a chow mein recipe
i think i have fraud on my account from walmart
what stuff am i trying to remember
Change the lights in my home to green.
find list of ingredients i would need to bake a funnel cake
Notification regarding the new government policies
Do you offer Visa or Mastercard?
Is there a way for you to find out why my account was deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
Card activation steps
Hi, i found a large amount payment in my old statements which i am sure was not made by me. I am aware that the time has passed but is there a way to raise a dispute for this payment now?
perfect job, you did well.
My calender to be added with Bola birthday of 12th July
do not get this.
you have done it correctly thank you very much, olly.
I would like to hear some Levin
Hello I made a bank account transfer from the UK. The transfer was a couple hours ago, nothing has shown up yet.  Can you check to see if everything okay. Please.
i wanna know my income
how much do I have to pay for exchange of currency?
Where is South Asia located?
would not really mind for any one.
how do I know where I can get money withdrawn?
what do i call you
Help me book a train ticket
What will be tomorrow's weather in this location
Please show me the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
I want to hear program 1 on Last.FM.
What are your international exchange rates?
what is my salary right now
that's all, stop it.
it is okay to replace water instead of milk
do you have a name for me
does luigi's take reservations
minimize the light power
create alarm
Did anyone win the powerball lottery yesterday?
at around noon what is the traffic typically like on the route to the hopsital
I  have been charged more than I should for the presents I bought  when abroad, the problem seems to be the exchange rate.
is the apr on my credit card good
Transfer could not be completed due to being declined.
Do you work with all fiat currencies?
i would like to know how to find my w-2
can i get my transactions for the date of the 23rd
do you know if benihana does reservations
you have done it correctly, olly.
select information you want
stop processing
Can you create a new list in the playlist?
i need help acquiring new insurance
Lets talk. I am bored right now.
remove event from my list
What are the charges if I exchange foreign currency?
whats two hundred divided by five
let carl know that he sucks
PDA do I have any reminders set
Have there been updates on abortion law?
Do you ship cards to where I live?
that can't be true
what is the square root of thirty six
how much philippine peso do i need to make fifty dollars
use my capital one account to pay for my gas bill
How can I fix this? The ATM gave me more cash than I'd asked for.
create a new list
If I make a mistake can I cancel the transaction?
Why hasn't the transfer shown up in my account yet?
What does animal mean
tell me the name of this song
How much extra will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
i can't use my damaged card
Does the exchange rate change?
what is the routing number on my first merit account
list entry
how long should i bake the brownies for
My exchange went wrong. I swapped Russian Ruble for UK pounds and was charged too much.
Could you please tell me why my purchases from this morning say payment is pending?
Any place that takes Mastercard would be fine.
What country has the most population?
What is the process for activating my card and using it?
please turn off the light of my son's room
will i need a visa to go to moldova
what are the gps coordinates where i am located
My bag was stolen from me yesterday, so I can't use any apps or anything. I need some help.
What time does the last train leave from (specific station)?
Why would you decline my card?
inform me on the directions to jump start my car
play me some christian songs
should i get a travel visa for spain
i can not catch up with you.
Call me a taxi Olly.
I was charged for getting cash.
have miranda know about my current location
Play <song> on repeat
why didnt my account allow a transfer
define this
when did the oil get changed
I couldnt transfer money from my account.
how do i cash in credit card points
do i need to have my oil changed after 3000 miles
i would like to mute the speakers please
please change my name
How long do I have to wait for a transfer from the US?
what is included in the tour's list
what is the meaning of the word sanctimonious
Can you change the rate for the item I bought in a different currency as it is wrong?
How can I request cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
when is the last train today
How do I change my details?
whats the traffic density in NH8?
How long will a transfer from the US take?
Play last song from my favourite playlist.
what do you think about the meaning of life
please can you confirm my last question.
what time in Las Vegas?
Where can I check out the source of available funds in my account?
Find game
Am I able to get a card in EU?
select and play only christian rock from one thousand nine hundred and ninety upwards
When is that sales meeting set for?
tell me the preparation method for chicken sixty five
Search for podcasts that cover men's issues.
ted talks
including the day i missed because of snow, how much time have i take off work so far
is there anything special going on nearby
Olly, turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
what's playing in the roosendaal cinema
what is my current tire pressure for each tire
you understood the answer right.
Is there a reason I was charged an extra fee for using the ATM?
Bring the lights down a bit
recommend a movie playing in me area
I cannot get my virtual card to work.
play the newest morning show podcast
how much have i spent on bills recently
what is six divided by two
what is the saved vacation time i have left
Send me the stock market updates for today.
What was the last thing my mom said?
i do have a to do list for today don't i
Google chrome
When did the statue of Liberty made?
where can i get my tires checked and how can i schedule it
Can you play the next episode, please?
hit me with a good joke
define discontent
meeting reminder
no, that's not it.
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
I'm trying to move money from my account to elsewhere, but it's giving me an error message.
turn off the wemo plug
find me an asian restaurant
update me on the standing rock protest
olly that's all, just cancel it.
i want the name of your boss
try a male voice
could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
describe a chart
what time are my alarms
would you consider yourself to be a bot
Can you recommend some dog show events going on in our city?
give me the opening stock price of infosys technologies today
are the reviews for mi casita good
prepare the order as soon as possible
I want to play rock paper scissors, let's play
Can you please tell me what I have on my list?
how much do i have on credit card bill
Will there be a cost if I exchange currency?
I think a payment I made with a card was cancelled.
i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
how do i get started making homemade pizza dough
I want to close my account now.
i would not really mind for anything.
I want to listen to MC's podcast.
if you had to choose, would you choose a cat or a dog
how much is my income going to be this month
Please delete my meeting with Sam tomorrow.
can you help me pay this bill
why am I being charged a fee for transferring money ?
i want to see all set alarms
how old was elvis when he died
could you find out if my bank charges transaction fees on my american card if use internationally
at 7, i need a table for 3 at olive garden
Let me know if there is a town meeting Monday.
What is the weather like outside? It is cloudy
reshuffle and play music
book an uber from my location to the theatre
ah it's awesome, olly.
I like Mastercard better.
This computer is very hard to fix
open uber app and book me a car for pick up at the airport
please explain the chinnese culture
Forward a complaint to Aircel for network related issues
who sing we are the world
tell me what my wells fargo credit card apr is
compile favorites list according to my song feedback
Send a complaint to (insert here)
I need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids.
play audiobook of planets
i need you to book a taxi for me
how many alarms are listed
i need to report that my dog chewed up my card
please check the pressure in my tires
I am interested in what emotions are conveyed in Grateful Dead music
i'm not sure which it is
yeah you've gotten your understanding perfectly.
how long does it take to replace a lost card
what day is it
what events are scheduled for this weekend in me area
Hey, add dentist appointment on Tuesday 4pm
The ATM will not let me get cash, WHY?
find the nearest olive garden that has take out service
I'm not in the UK, is it possible for me to still get a card?
call peking garden
new reminder at three pm
i like you confirm the detail please.
please roll a 6 sided dice
play national public radio
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
how soon until i will need to get my oil changed
enable whisper mode
paper scissors or stone
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card. What should I do now that the bank is closed?
TOMARROW MY MOTHER BIRTHDAY
How can I add money automatically?
what do you do with your free time
what's the current apr on my credit card
show local events
could i get some more checkbooks sent to me
what is the status of my most recent order
Prepare coffee now
read out the XXX list
i could not understand this.
I don't understand where this debit came from and want it removed.
Give me the recipe for cooking Briyani
play radio with rock music
How man currencies can I hold?
Remove that event from calender.
Turn on Hot 97.
are there any required shots in indonesia
Check for me new emails recieved from Sara
what's the total number of points i earned so far with my chase rewards card
help me set up direct deposit to my bank of hawaii checking account
Is there a charge for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free.
Put the news on, BBC.
send an email to mom subject weather body what is the weather like there this week
I can't find how to top up my account with a check.  Where is that?
i need that said again
What is the US dollar and Euro exchange rate.
can you tell where my package is
Using an ATM caused me to incur an additional fee. Why?
please tell me it one more again.
movie times tonight
what time is my domino's order expected to arrive
retry what i've said please.
What is the length of time for money to reach the account?
can I use my card before identity verification?
how long until i have to replace my tires
i can't hear you speak up
How can I lookup the source for my available money?
call aj please
repeat previous song
show me the list of alarms
can you provide me my credit score
can you tell me your place of origin
Why was I charged for transferring money?
set a five minute timer
does charley's steakhouse deliver
please give me the minimum payment total for my sprint phone bill
disable alarm for 3PM
Go to channel 106.9
I need a reminder to call my mom at 3pm.
Alert me when the outside temperature reaches 68 degrees
let me know in 15 minutes please
Why check my identity?
what time does the train from new york come in?
Why can't I take $100 out
What should I do to verify my identity?
u. s. d. position now
Increase light intensity.
is there a holiday next week
the last sentence is not so clear to me.
what is the fee for a transfer into my account
ah it was great one, olly.
i would like to know my electric bills date it needs to be payed
what's restricted in my carry-on with united
yeah you understood my instructions correcly.
have i gotten any emails from mom lately
forward email
Can I choose what card I can use
check and confirm what just said please.
i have no idea regarding to what to do.
Can I remove a reminder?
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
does vocelli's do takeaway
increase brightness by 20 percent
I've lost track of my phone or someone stole it.
olly i said call jack not jake.
turn off the lights in the living room
How do I receive money from someone?
Remove item 3
I would like to receive my salary in a different currency. How does that work?
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
could you share what my current credit limit is
Why did my top-up get reverted?
have i spent a lot on food recently
convert one pound to us dollar
How long does it take for a bank transfer to show on my balance?
open subway surfers
Where do I need to go to change my PIN?
Your service is terrible,.  Delete my account,
I attempted to get money in cash but it was refused!
How can I transfer money to a beneficiary?
place an order for my whole shopping list
Hey Olly, i am having a bad day today. What can i watch to cheer me up?
create a birthday wish reminder for tommorrow at 10 AM
Tweet Walmart customer service.
can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight
How can I know where did my funds come from?
There is a direct debit fee in the App that I didn't do.
yeap you have gotten your understanding right.
which health plan am i currently enrolled in
Is there a way to top-up automatically?
what new messages do i have
cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at eight am
i would like to know when my flight scheduled to board
your response is not so clear.
wonderful work, you did well.
What do I do if I've been charged twice for the same transaction?
remind me
i have no idea, olly.
Is there is a High traffic?
do me a favor and put sharpies on my list for shopping
COULE YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHICH IS THE GOOD BAR WITH FOOD?
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer which was within this country. It still hasn't gone through. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked and double checked.
How can I change to another currency?
Can someone assist me with activating my card?
which teams are playing this weekend
What are lady gagas most popular songs
PDA, What is the current weather conditions in Chicago Illinois?
How can I revert a transaction from this morning?
Which is new movie of Johny Depp
Find today's WaPo articles about Trump.
what mexican food is around me
Did the stock prices of Google go up or down?
i've cancelled the order placed at mcd did it go through
What is necessary for the identity verification?
i want to set up direct deposit to my first hawaiian bank account
can you tell me the expiration date for my mastercard
How are you determining your exchange rates?
i would like to cancel my reservation for nenuco's restaurant to x- tapas
Why was my transfer request decline?
When considering currency holdings and exchanges, what fiat currencies are supported?
PDA, clear all events from March 7.
what is this place
Machines make mistakes too! The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money. Too much!
Please keepo everything I have on this song.
slow your speech
which continent has highest growth of cotton and what is avg. production
How do I see what fees I am supposed to be charged on my account? I've noticed fees on some transactions, but not on others. This is very confusing and I cannot find a pattern to what I am being charged?
how much do i earn
when will my order be delivered
did I get anything new from my boss?
are you a computer, or are you a real person
How long will it take to refund me
The cash I got at the ATM is still in my account.
What is my grocery list?
please play clash of clans
what ingredients do i need to make raisin bread
i would like to hear the last information you just said again.
you're right
add coming undone by korn to my playlist
Play next song of my selected
i am sorry but i think you have messed up my command.
show shopping list
Send to Sandy J....unable to make it to lunch today can we reschedule?
I was charged a fee when withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
Where can I shop around here?
tell my bank i need new checks
book a train ticket to arrive in cambridge by eight thirty pm today
Are there any reminders set for today?
I want the date of last Monday of this month
Update on email.
let's play the next song now
delete the following list
yeah great response to command.
please tell me the month and year of expiration for my discover card
oops, i think you have me incorrect.
how about you save this music
you are helpful, thank you.
I requested a refund but am unable to see it in my account. Why is that?
we should play nfs at high speed
what shots are recommended before traveling to kenya
What do I have going on this morning between 10-12.
what does settle mean
Turn off 8AM alarm
is there any alarm active
search for the best spagetti recipe
how do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner
how many calories are in oreos
what time of day is it in london
how many of my contacts live or work in detroit
book a flight from key west, fl to san antonio, tx on 18 february 2019 and returning on 5 march 2019
what's today's weather going to be
4/2=2
do i need a sweater today
i wanna know how many points have i earned with my credit card
How long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long! Can you fix this to go through?
turn on wemo plug in game room
order general t'so eggroll to go
Why was my exchange rate a different amount than usual?
i think you did it all wrong.
Can I track the card that was just sent to me?
Is it going to rain on Friday?
tell me the number of vacation days i have stored
prepare a new list
If I want to top up, can I use Apple Pay?
what is the us dollar euro exchange rate
can you reserve a table for 2 at red lobster at 8pm
play my latest podcast
Recap my day.
what is john smith's number
Is today's date the 9th?
Why is my card being declined when I try to do a top-up? How can this be immediately resolved?
sorry but you messed up.
I tried to buy something and it was declined and my transfers keep getting declined, Why?
just add a new email in my contacts from michael
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
News articles
that's useful, appreciated.
How can you assist me on topping up on bank transfers to my account?
what is my name saved under
Is there any carnival taking place in our area
Baking times for chicken in the oven.
lasagna takes how long to cook
please let me know the what raj's status update in facebook
define love without invoking the term love
play music that are classical only
Who is this?
The ATM won't let me take out cash
please tell me the address of my current location
I can not find my card pin.
What is your shipping policies for cards?
please tell me if you are an ai
remove the recurring training meeting events off my calendar
What foreign exchange rate will you use?
how do I ask for a physical card?
it takes how long to get to the beach in santa barbara
is there heavy traffic on the I fifteen in las vegas right now
i need a taxi to take me to the airport please
Why did I not get my cash back after I withdrew?
please set a timer for cookies
list the ingredients in pizza
do i have a note on the calendar for black friday
start chapter five of physics for future presidents
search schedules for this week
I believe I got a wrong exchange rate when I got cash.
i couldn't hear you repeat that louder
oops, you did not get me.
i can't decide
twitter
from now on i'm going to call you ishmael
what is the minimum i can pay for my electric bill
There is a fraudulent payment!
how long does oil last in a car
I have lost my phone or it has been stolen.
open uber
evaluate today's schedule
quiet mode on until i am home from work
what's needed to direct deposit my paycheck
can you get me a table for 5 at johnnys
i think that's not the correct command.
how do i report fraud on my chase bank card
Do I need to verify my identity each time I wish to use my account?
please remove my list of favorite albums
cancel my three pm alarm
hey turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at ten am
Is there any event around?
What does it mean when a transfer is "pending"?
Can I use it outside of Europe?
what time does the train depart from downtown los angeles to santa barbara
turn up the lights please
who made this ai
Why am I being charged a fee for using my card? If there is some print out of places that charge me can you please send me that?
Why is my deposit still pending?
I need immediate assistance in canceling a transfer which was a mistake. Please help me quickly so this does not go through.
Describe event on March 19th at 2 PM please
How high is Pikes Peak?
my vehicle needs what kind of fuel
I want some jazz music to play.
can you set the living room lights to pink
Tell me if there are any events from three to five
have no idea, olly.
is there an event titled anniversary dinner on my calendar
please let me know today's date
PDA shoot Dale an email response warning him about the gulls at the beach.
what is the exchange rate between money i'm the united states and switzerland
what is the best movie to watch this weekend
look up what this word means
Ok Google, can you speak louder
not that
Olly, want to play a game of trivia?
Read me the news for the day
i need a taxi uber
search jack in contacts
alexa resume joes book from where i left off last time
watch out my new mails on inbox
rate u. s. d. to g. b. p.
could you play you don't bring me flowers
I thought cash withdrawals were free? Why have I been charged a fee? Also, how much is this fee?
Why is it important to verify a top-up card?
thanks for your answers.
What is the highest amount of top ups I'm allowed?
What is the time for the eastern time zone
My card is broken
add a item
Olly, is there any current news on the presidential election?
let's roll the dice
how much would it cost to buy stock in apple
recommend artists similar to rihanna
Whic is the biggest continent in the world by area
amazing response to the command.
brew coffee
it seems my luggage was lost
i need the current dart rail schedule from west irving station to north lake college
i want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in california
How do I make my top up complete?
What do you do to transfer money to my account?
i need a roundtrip flight for 5/2 to 5/8 from nyc to los angeles
how many days of vacation do i have left
My card was lost on vacation, I don't know where it is. Can you help me take care of this immediately?
What day does my birthday fall on this year, June 27th?
what shots do i need before heading to france
do i need a visa to go to somewhere internationally
yeah you have done it correcly.
I can't log in with this passocde
I'm trying to verify my top-up card, but I can't find the code...?
find me a hotel with good reviews in phoenix
Which fiat currencies are compatible for exchange and holding?
I want to hear the radio, turn it on, please!
Are there any limits to using disposable virtual cards?
why do people think?
that was cool, thank you so much, olly.
order two large pizzas and pieces of hot wings from dominoes
help me buy a black iphone7
what are my appointments today
please give me a list of the ingredients contained in chocolate cupcakes
tell me when it is five pm
How do a reverse a duplicated charge?
dammit, i think you have done wrongly.
I need a gold class ticket on train no XXX using my credit card
what is the route to the closest mcdonalds
which contact haven't i called in twelve months
save my contacts
check emails for last hour
send this message to @microsoft on twitter
send a reply to robert for his email received today morning
please change the command.
s1, again explain to me please.
got answer exactly.
Where do I go to order my card?
yes answer was confirmed.
how is the stock going in general
browsing centres
Why do i have to verify my top-up card?
i like top forty music
For you, how long do transfers normally take from a UK account? I completed one just now but nothing appears. I just need to be sure everything is okay.
change my music player volume to eighty percent
olly please can you shut off.
Help my activate my card.
you got the command right.
how much do i pay the irs
what does ataraxy mean
show me the previous episode
show todays reminders
what is a funny joke about car
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
do i need to change my oil
i do not mind for any one, olly.
can you please check detail.
how do i buy tickets for that
How do I activate a card?
Can you please explain the topping up transfer process?
Tell me what day of the week it is.
show ana number
will a jump start work if my batter is dead
how long will it take to get to outback in phoenix
can i swap cayenne pepper for black pepper
My virtual card is just not going through.
you did nice job, thank you very much.
play radio javan
set my alarm for five tomorrow morning, please
please explain me on what you've said further.
where were you programmed
Ordered awhile back, what is the ETA in the US?
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and canadian dollar
could you tell me what the status of my day off request is
tell me about the alarm timings
I see a duplicate payment.
save the last radio stations of the last month
please tell me what lists i have made
i want some coffee
What happened to the Dow Jones today?
are there any ubers available for two people i need it to go to the stadium on grand
any one would be fine with me.
i want to book Rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to Ahmadabad
call pf chang's to order me egg foo young
how many jokes do you know
what's 10 inches in centimeters and millimeters
look up the date of my last oil change
I need assistance addressing a direct debit that I did not do myself.
I did not make a direct debit payment as listed on my app
Will you handle EUR?
Can you unblock my pin after too many wrong pin attempts?
I received my card, how do I get it to show in the app?
I've tried to send money to my friends and I keep getting rejected. Can you please tell me why, I don't understand.
what was the latest post
Change your colors to something different.
May I have a second card?
could you check what just said.
what will the weather be like this week
what's the procedure to deal with lost luggage
what is the word on flight dl123
Still waiting on a refund.
How old is Adele?
set the alarm for nine am on weekends
i need my reservation to be cancelled for nugget to xiomara's restaurant
please let me know when is sam's birthday
Olly, recommend a romantic comedy in my area
please empty my calendar
What are the reasons to be charged a fee on card payments?
hey what's today's date
what benefits does my insurance have
what are some touristy things to do in boston
take 100 dollars from checking and send it to savings
i need the lights in here to be turned up to seven
what is tuesday's calendar like
elections in UP
help me get an uber to ann arbor
let's do it again please.
Make a note to pay the electricity bill and remind me on Saturday at 9:00 a.m.
i am sorry but i think you do not get me.
i would like to apply for a green card
if i want to direct deposit my check into my nations bank account how do i do that
I'm interested in using fiat currencies, which do you support?
can the lights be changed to green
turn on the geyser
Tell me about Mary S
Please repeat the last sentence from that book.
Play Got That by Medasin
is it ok if i use both visa and mastercard
Show me the list of friends having birthday yesterday and I have not wished them.
create a new list by tomorrow
start house cleaning
my favorite singer is shakira
you don't get me.
My card is about to expire.  How do I order another?
I would prefer a Mastercard.
How far away is the nearest rest stop?
please we're the following alarm
Are there limits on the virtual cards?
how do i find out my tire pressure
I was overcharged at an ATM while on vacation. I needed cash so I had to use it, but your charges are outregous and I wish I would have known beforehand.
Please start radio
I received $20 but I entered $100
tell me the meaning of alternative
Play Football news from RadioOne
schedule text messages for later
tell me what type of gas this car uses
yeah that's confirmed.
email co worker about work project
power up the plug socket one
PDA, Give me the recipe for this food.
I think I was double charged
How do I retrieve my card from the machine?
what do i do if my car battery died
what is this event is called which happening my area
The ATM didnt return my card!
What is the length of song?
i need a recent transaction looked into
if it is noon in virginia what time is it in california
has wendy posted on facebook
Will you accept my salary if it's in another currency?
i am afraid that that is not the case
can you confirm instruction please.
How can I tell if my card payment is reverted?
Play something from recent playlist
Set a reminder alarm for my meeting with the agent this evening
can you tell me what movie has the best reviews
set a neighbor party for next week
how do you cooked eggs
nope wrong.
What are the fees for top ups?
please tell me the latest news about politics
Resume playing the current audiobook.
Hi, I am facing issue with my card payment while shopping online as payment is getting reverted. I am struggling with this issue around two weeks. Please advise.
add up my reward points for master card
what date will it be 8 days from now
write and send email to friend Cindy
how often does the train arrive and depart from penn station
what is the sum of 3, 7, 9, and 24
Can you turn off/on the wenmo plug socket.
can you check that there's a reservation for mark at sidetracks
can you find a good steakhouse for tonight
please can you retry your last thing you said.
I want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
yeah you understood your understanding correcly.
How do I know what my account is set to, I am paid in GBP?
i would like to hear that information spoken again.
play music radio for me
i would like to have my card reported as stolen
please be quiet for the next two hours
Why hasn't my account updated to reflect my current balance?
remind me at 5pm
i want you to change your accent
Please activate my vacuum to clean the living room?
the exchange rate was different than expected
Open the playlist
please be silent
it was very good to talk to you
i want to change the oil in my car
i'm drawing a blank
do i need to undertake any particular activity during my stay at the yellowstone national park
how would you describe the internet
The app doesn't believe that I am me
put a freeze on my account
how much did i spend on groceries today
can you pull up the dave ramsey podcast that aired on monday
please read out all the alarms that are set
when is my takeaway arriving
once again rephrase me on what you've said.
make the lights off
please could you shut up.
Can I revive a physical card.
eight am manila time is what in eastern time
What is the best way to get my virtual card?
Do I need to order a new card if mine is expiring?
decrease volume
tell me the date today
What do I do if the ATM ate my card?
Show me share price of Facebook.
Will I be charged for transfers?
PDA look up meal recipe
please set a reminder for me to put the clothes in the dryer
exchange rate from cad to u. s. d.
What is needed for identity verification?
Can I use your app to exchange USD for GBP?
What is the status of my card's delivery?
current time in NY
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
play the next one
i need to add this new contact for sam smith ssmith@yahoo dot com
Can you tell me how I would go about learning where my funds came from?
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
go to the station fm ninety six point five
be silent for thirty minutes
tell carl my gps coordinates
google uber
Can I top-up my google pay?
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
Help! Someone stole my card!
when is the next alarm
What's happening around the world?
how many points did my visa earn
Search the item
would i need a visa if i want to travel to mexico
whats the policy to redeem my visa reward points
Please tell me latest news of world.
increase the brightness in this room
Why would a merchant revert my payment?
What is todays weather forcast?
tell me your thoughts about the meaning of life
Will the temperature be above freezing on Wednesday?
please post so bored to facebook
Can i change my PIN at the ATM?
i think my visa card was stolen
today how many alarms do i have set
did i set my house alarm
no lights
i think you have done the task all wrong.
I need to subscribe to the newspaper.
what's the sort of thing i should ask
what's my vacation status
I've tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
Send me notice of meeting Wednesday 9 am.
close out my account
I bought something and already paid for it but now I don't see it.
can you tell me the meaning of life
Is there a food festival in the area?
do you own any animals
Send email to boss to meet for performance review
Order a train ticket to Boston.
Time to hear me some Blake Shelton
Why did I not get the amount I specified at the ATM?
I just transferred some money. Why was I charged a fee?
please remove the first list
I didn't make this direct debit transaction
lost phone, can i still access account?
I'm unhappy with the exchange rate your cash transactions.
There is  an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did it charge me extra?
how can you convert miles to kilometers
can you please check and confirm what just said.
I got married and need to change my name.
how do vietnameses people say hello
Open social media (Facebook, Google+, Twitter)
I am not in the UK can i get a card?
Look up contacts
I sent money for my rent to my landlord but she is claiming it hasn't arrived in her account  Can you trace the transfer I made to make sure it arrived so I can provide proof I sent it and that it has been deposited?
Can I exchange USD and GBP from the app?
silence please
i want to know when a bill is due
can i get a cup of coffee
how long to reach my doctors office
what is the total amount i am going to have to pay in bills this month
turn off my bank account
resume harry potter book one
i can't hear just increase the volume
Don't make any sounds
when will my tires need changed
can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are
well done,.
Are any of my new emails from Amy?
does visa charge transaction fees in the uk
add american idiot by green day to my playlist
so what do you do at free time
I accidentally exceeded my PIN tries.  Please advise.
check and confirm command please.
What is rate of eur/usd
Olly if any new news comes out about the flood can you let me know right away.
start robot vacuum
connect with my phone please
I want to see all set alarms
An extra fee has been added to my card payment is this correct?
I was charged twice for the same purchase!
before i make my mastercard payment can you tell me what i've recently charged on it
i need a bed in brownsburg near walmart from apil 4th until the 5th
what is the sum of 9 and 12
will the amount in my chase bank account right now cover the cost of a new dryer
Show me today train time of kalka at Jodhpur.
Can you tell me what the problem with my card is? It was declined at a restaurant today.
Can I have my account add money automatically in certain intervals?
why was my card declined just now when i tried to buy a jeep at carmax
would you please shut down.
what movies have brad douriff been in?
Are there any emails in regard to my promotion?
I could not use my card in a store.
lost my phone, dont want others to use it.
s1, will you please again elaborate.
can you tell me when my item will get here
Which documents do I need for this identity check?
I'm at an ATM and withdrew 30 pounds and was only given 10. What should I do?
please let's do it again.
tell me the next holiday
How is the PIN delivered?
play Busdriver
that is enough.
can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing
you are star,, olly.
what's a good recipe foe tacos
When was Richard Nixon born?
that doesn't really matter to me.
where are you coming from
What ATMs is the card okay to use at?
If I don't want a physical card can i get a virtual version?
Please dim the overhead lights
what other accents can you use
I think someone may be using my card.
i want to set an alarm
how often do tires need changing
turn light off
this is of no importance with me.
Is there a maximum for top-ups?
shit, it isn't what i meant.
what is the name of the singer
any incoming emails in the last five minutes
x is waiting for me to call
Please tell me whether there is a new mail from jay ?
I see a reverted payment on my account. Why has this happened?
Check inbox
can i swap chili for sloppy joe mix in the recipe
Start words with friends
my insurance plan needs to be changed
What retailers accept my card?
what is six hundred euros in u. s. d.
what is on my schedule for the day of march 5th
I want a refund for my item
i would like to hear what i have just said again.
repeat marriage day
Why can I not transfer money into my account?
What if my top up is reverted?
I can't recall my passcode and need to reset it.
tell me my credit score
I need a recipe for spaghetti
play seven habits of effective people
are there any accidents on harvard
I want to hear Limelight by Rush
what company manufactured you
Am I getting charged for making a payment?
New e-mail from mom?
show johns office number
yes you did the command right.
when does my paycheck arrive
can you try what i just said again.
I need to get visa and mastercard
Put a 7pm meeting time down for March 14th
Yesterday, I made an incorrect payment to the wrong account for my rent payment. I need this addressed as soon as possible and the funds transferred to the correct account by no later than tomorrow.
could you please find me the latest news from a source that i do not usually go to
Look up the definition of blunder.
give me the definition of school
i need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids
So, I am a new customer and attempted to top up for the very first time today. It's already been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. I need to please get this fixed.
what's the nutritional info for pizza
talk to me in a different accent
tell me where my luggage is
I need coffee please preferably hot.
are you okay right now
I tried to do a transfer and it hasn't worked!
I didn't see any reason why my transfer was declined. What gives?
Why am I not able to withdraw cash from this ATM?
who is responsible for making you
Can you tell me when Friday the 13th will be playing on TV this year?
how should i prepare to change my own oil
i would like to know the traffic condition
communicate via text to
alexa should i bring extra water with me today?
i was not so clear about what you've said.
do cheetos have a lot of calories
i would like to hear what ideas you have about making dinner tonight
how do i roll sushi
Can you make sure the kitchen light is off?
how would i say pleased to meet you if i were japanese
what is my credit card interest rate
undo my reservation for 5 at the loft
help me change my account
WHAT WILL HAPPEN  TO EARTH BASED ON CLIMATIC CHANGE?
How can I close my account?
who sings that song?
What is the procedure for depositing a virtual card
what are those european plugs called
help me figure out my state taxes
can you speak it again please.
Why did the funds not transfer to another recipient?
please turn socket off
what time does the train leave for chicago
show a new list
could you please help me in listening to the radio.
Cease operating lights
I need to leave on the 5pm train to Rockville.
can you confirm my reservation for 6 at the outback
how do i find my credit score
what is the nutritional info for kraft mac 'n' cheese
Remind me I take mom to the hairdresser's Thursday at 11:00 am.
Anything new on social media?
do not get this.
at what point should the oil be changed again
How can I move money from an account at another bank to this one?
my mail
what is the apr on my citibank card
if i fly on virgin to chicago, how many carry ons can i take
make the lights pink
play random song from 80s playlist
how long is the shipping for my replacement card
raise the lights
I stupidly initiated a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It can't be paid from that account, but it really needs to get paid on time. Am I able to move the payment to the right account?
how long has it been since my car was last in the shop
what are good restaurants in reno that serve sushi
yes it was perfect.
i need to know what i spend on utilities for the last year
i need to make a reservation to long horn's, can i
can i use pasta sauce instead of tomato paste
I need a second card on this account for my daughter.
What is the process to get a new card when your old one expires?
call me at six am
order some takeaway food
if i have twenty dollars how many francs is that
Please tell me why I am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
what is a cookie recipe
you were so kind to do that
I would like to know how exchange rates are calculated when transferring funds.
what is the amount of my state taxes
i need to know how many teaspoons are equivalent to two tablesppons
search and play workout playlist
What is the source of your exchange rates?
I was abroad and needed some cash, but I think the wrong exchange rate was applied to the transaction.
make it brighter in here
Is there a charge to use a Top up card in the US?
cut off the bathroom lights
buy a train ticket to
does the bus go to the washington monument
Why am I being charged for ATM cash withdrawals? The only reason I use it is because it's been free! Now you expect me to pay for them, and how much is that going to cost me?
exchange euro to dollar
Turn on my playlist and play third song in the queue.
things to do in my area
I've just been married and need to update my name
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
Remind me to 'something' in 'sometime'
Is there any way to get my salary in a different currency?
How do I cook Meatballs?
i want to make a call to uncle
can you text mary and tell them it's ready
i will call you cap
Does PF Changs accept takeout orders?
Temperature now
Why is my card being declined when I try to do a top-up? How can this be immediately resolved?
How long does a transfer take to reach one's account.
What events are scheduled this week?
initiate the music on the electronic playlist
could you tell me it once again.
when is my next paycheck due
change my reservation with carl at umami to canceled
Do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
The amount of money I pushed at the atm machine did not come out of the machine.
it's not the right response.
I want a train ticket to <city>
call an uber for me
how do i do a 401k rollover when switching to a new job
does north korea have any travel alerts i should be aware of
Bullet train from Tokyo to Hokkaido - under 3000 yen for next weekend
add lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
Send email to Mom and wish her a happy birthday
how old is brad pitt
enter song suggestion
The ATM is messed up. It gave me less than I wanted.
Tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty-one is.
How long do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
For how many years did Mahatma Gandhi live
upcoming events
can you let me know the next open slot for me to get my oil changed
please can you confirm it.
olly that is all, cancel.
I can't use top up on Google Pay.
confirm the instruction.
Open my Morning Briefing email from The New York Times.
play favorited podcasts on fishing
can you get me a table for 8 at mastro's at 8:30pm
what time is the party tonight
News articles on a particular subject
can you tell me what my income will be this week
I have to have several disposable cards per day.
what movie theatres are in stephenville
what meetings do i have this week
foreign exchange rates
turn off light
Remove all my calendar events
Find the Serial podcast and play it
please will you check detail.
that would be yes
lets hear wgrr one hundred and three point five
How do I make my PIN work again?
yeah get that correcly.
what do i make annually
Play my favorite radio station
Olly, should I wear a coat outside?
Is there an additional charge for topping up using a European card?
Put milk on my shopping list
please roll a 10 sided die and tell me what number it is
how many reward points have stacked up for my amex card
can you confirm it.
what is the capital of china
how do you like being my assistant
how do i find my w-2 form
Do international transfers take longer?? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago but it's still not there yet...
there is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
how is it outside
i want an uber for one person to go to bank of america
Will you turn off the lights please.
What new movies are good?
I was made to pay a fee for making a transaction with card.
Why did I only get $20 now the full amount I wanted?
the volume should be decreased
Why do starving people keep having kids?
I tried to get some with-drawls but the machine didn't work. The transaction still seems in progress.Seems like  something is wrong,I don't want to be charged for Transaction i did not make.
What genre is this song in
What can I substitute butter with?
s2, i don't catch that.
Can you open beatles
what time is this flight supposed to land
Turn up/down the sound
Why has my card payment not yet been applied to my account?
Alexa, provide information about Bill ? from my contact list
i no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
dim the bedroom lights to half
can you suggest a meal from ireland for me
I have no idea why there is a dollar that has been charged to my account.
what is the fastest route to town
Please help me delete this account.
how many sides are on a pentagon
current time please
Check instagram.
i was at walmart today and my card got declined when i went to buy qtips
where do i find the routing number for bank of america
I did a transfer to my account, but it hasn't shown up
How long will this transfer from europe take?
please set an alarm
between october 7th and october 10th, i'd like for there to be a pto request for me
what's my bank balance
fix an alarm
Play The Circle
what kind of traffic can i expect on the way to church
what is the status of the order i placed with you yesterday
How much does Elton John pay for his suits?
is mysore going to be very hot and humid today whats the weather status
date today
I tried transferring money to a beneficiary, however, I was unsuccessful.
order a train ticket to boston
How can I withdraw money?
which store's got the cheapest three pound beef rump
I have a duplicate payment showing
would you understand me if i speak to you in navajo
when is the third monday of this month
what lists are open
How to receive transfers from my employer when I get paid in GBP?
search events and meetups for central park west
make a new list for school supplies
how do you make chicken noodle casserole
What is the height of mount everest.
please give me detail 1 $ = Rs
i want to know my income
what alarms do i all have set
i need anyone who can help me pay my electric bill
Even though it's late, I wanted to see about disputing a charge. I was just looking through my transactions over the past couple of months and noticed a pretty large amount that was not completed by me. Is this possibly something I can still do.
Why are fees charged on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
what do you need to make general tsao's chicken
What will the weather be in Chicago today?
olly please would you just stop it.
what's my bill's minimum payment
find me any news from so clean the last six hours
it's time for junk food
can you schedule a meeting room for interviews on thursday
what's the weather forecast for today
do I need umbrella today?
s2, i can't quite catch up with you.
adios ai
put a block on bank of amerian immediately
Can I order a new card to China?
has my vacation request been acknowledged
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub and set it to be delivered at five pm tonight
What is the definition of mutual?
my phone is lost, can you help with that
top ten movies
I can't prove my identity.
what is the stock information of walmart
create new list for baby names
what is twenty percent of one hundred and twenty
raise living room lights half way
Please change the light to green
It says the transfer wasn't accepted.
what is that once again.
tell me the visa card credit limit
i will talk to you later.
Can I cash deposit to top up my account
what's the exact time we get food delivered once we place an order for food
can you give me train times for ann arbor
Where do I go to fill out the identity form?
Who sent me emails this week?
what is jill's home phone number
what do you have answers for
Why would a merchant revert my payment?
How much does one share of stock in Lego cost?
Can I use google pay for topping -up
Looks like my card payment was cancelled.
I have trouble proving my identity.
how long can i expect to keep steak in the freezer
set my alarm for 5pm
would i need a visa in taiwan
I need a disposable virtual card, how do I get one?
turn off bedroom lights in ten seconds
Are refunds allowed for certain items.
can you just cancel please.
i'd love to order some more checks for my checking account
what do i need to make a cake
Turn on Huey Lewis and The News from the music player.
Mute your Android phone when you arrive at work
what is the best method to decide what the best thing to do isre
Can I get a card even if I live outside the UK?
What's his number?
I don't think I made this payment that is showing up
Play for me music by Michael Jackson
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
is it safe to go to serbia
can i fly from atlanta to san francisco for less than 100 dollars
Set a alarm for the day
olly would you please shut up.
Why can't I find my PIN?
s2, i can't get last sentence.
how many ounces in a liter
add dr rosenstock as an email contact
I still do not see the cash deposit in my account from last week. Why?
Can you tell me my weekly list?
I heard that you support more than one type of fiat currency, would you tell me which ones please?
get apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contacts
for how long does this need to cook
Open The New York Times app.
pay my gas bill from my saving account
Please give me both a visa and a mastercard.
is there enough in my wells fargo account to buy some nike's
check reservation availability for 2 at red lobster at 8pm
maximum kilometer to delivery
What are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
this is one of the best songs for me
what genre is this
I need to verify my identity
go back to your factory settings
repeat song
you did the command correcly.
will you speak one more time again.
Can you send me the actual card?
I was charged a fee when making this transfer, and I don't think I should have been!
i do not really care, olly.
book me golden taxi for today at five pm
What is the phone number for the nearest location of Church's Chicken.
What is the function of the identity check
talk to you soon, bye!
please give me the pin number for my checking account
adjust the volume to level 4
look up easy to follow recipes for beef ribs
Who's birthdays are today on Facebook?
please confirm details.
does pf changs accept takeout orders
Can I only top-up digitally? Or could I use cash?
i used a check check yesterday to balance my account and it isn't showing up?
Use X radio to play X.
yeah you did the command correcly.
Waiter at Outback was rude
today is the day i should pay my electric bill
please turn on all lights
do i really need a plug converter when in london
how many calories does an orange have
I got less cash at the ATM than I asked for. Why?
play true love next
play one thousand and thirty seven fm
Cortana, turn corner light on
Any interesting happenings in the world?
olly can you stop it please.
tell me the name of my lists
please let me into my bank account
I need good ideas for cooking
schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
is there a way to fix my top up
I need to tweet Wendy's: Ordered, got order, took order home, wasn't my order.
Can I get some money exchanged?
How do I become aware of where my funds come from?
go to the whisper voice
Open iHeartRadio, ROV The Rock.
Is there any event close by
can you find me a recipe for cheese cake
how many miles does this car get per gallon
Can you tell me what cards and currencies you support?
I'm on vacation in Europe but I desperately need to change my PIN. Can I do this from abroad?
confirm the john reservation at applebee's
It snowed today
I transferred money and it didn't get there.
did the price of walmart stock go up or down
what are the news notification
alert my bank and let them know that i'm travelling to london
please again explain.
call rta and book a taxi for three o'clock in the morning
what sort of things do people do in new york
help me find the top-up card's verification code?
Let me know when applying extra charges for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
i do not believe that that is correct
any one is good, olly.
what are the big news stories on twitter
Why didnt my top up go through
i'd like to cancel the party of 7 we reserved at the olive garden
How do I know where I can use my card?
Train to Athens. How to?
List me the audiobooks I have already listened to.
how long should i boil noodles for
Who's playing this?
learn coding
what's some upcoming events i might want to go to
I received the wrong amount of cash.
Add a new contact for Daniel Bell dbell@aol.com.
can you pause the audio
what will my state taxes cost
Add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at 7am
i need to know how long to cook chicken for
I had a problem with my card payment, can you help?
Would like to see the time zone?
find the ways of travel for the same
tweet complaint to amazon products
Please keep tabs on how the presidential debates are going.
that's a negatory
has anything happened to mass effect
Please find out of Charley's Steakhouse delivers.
more bright
explain how to set my coffee machine
My top up did not complete.
MERE FAVORITE SONGS KO TUNE KARO.
doesn't matter with me.
play radia
send an email to with the subject as test and no content
please will you tell me that phrase one more again.
what ingredients are in spinach dip
what does unsavory mean
i want to schedule a tire check up somewhere
Check weather update for Lagos this week
melody
what type of fuel should i get for mainly city driving
hmm, you gave me not correct information.
how many dollars are there in a g. b. p.
please find my routing number for my citizens' bank account
I would love one of the virtual cards!
marry me
I want to close my account due to poor customer service.
restaurant delivery update
Could you please tell me why my card payment didn't work?
remember dinner on thursday at bistro italia
hoover the hallway
have i been spending a lot on take out lately
this is a good song put it on repeat
yes, please
How can I trade currencies with this app?
list some neat stuff about rats
set alarm at five am
What are the rules for transferring to a beneficiary?
how do i say i'm sorry in chinese
affirmative
Turn the volume down.
I made a currency exchange and think I was charged more than I should of been.
How many alarms do I have set for morning hours between 6 and 9 am
please play the newest podcast
I have cancelled payments to this card.
will the temperature be higher than forty tomorrow
please check my playlists for jazz music
Please play the next episode
If I have a credit card with you how I get set up to link to it?
I have my card here with me and someone has just made a withdrawal for 500. Please help!
For what reason would a top up be reverted and returned to my account?
notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
turn the volume to level 4
stock exchange rates
I don't have enough money to buy the Nintendo Switch right now, can you please remove it on my Amazon Wishlist?
What do I do to unblock my PIN?
when am i due for my next oil change
if i call mike in california at six pm what will his time be
have no idea, olly.
Can anyone help me, I lost my wallet and they've started withdrawing from my account.
Im very upset as my top-up was canceled and I have no idea why.
sorry but you did some mistakes.
can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are
please set the equalizer in the party mode
will you rephrase me about your answer further please.
i wish to have a 10 minute timer
if i have four inches, how many centimeters is that
Is the 22nd on a Wednesday?
How do I set a new pin?
i like songs from
make me coffee
will you put on the music
Is there an age limit to open an account
email co worker about work project
What currencies will this app exchange?
I haven't been sent my new pin!
fun things to do today
cancel my reservations for joe's at zepher right now
will you please confirm my reservation for march 11 at 6:30 pm
please switch off on the wemo plug socket
i disagree with a charge
What to do if my card has been used without my permission?
call sarah
I don't know what's wrong with my card, but it has not worked at multiple places today.
I have a problem with a transfer. It didn't work. Can you tell me why?
Is ordering a new card from China available?
Shut off lights.
turn off the lights in the kitchenn
remove chat with Allan
i would like to hear the next tune on this particular playlist
send information about suspicious credit card activity
please could you check command.
spell potato
Remind me to check the stew at 6 o'clock
Hello, can you please inform me about international transfers? I am expecting a transfer I made from France two days ago and would like to know when it will arrive.
My card was not accepted.
is it possible to book a room at the taco bell for reavers at 3
start play fifa seventeen
what would be a fun fact about cats
please let us try again.
freeze my account at the bank immediately
delete an last event reminder of twenty ninth of march twenty seventeen
what does it say on the clock
The wenmo plug should be turned off/on.
how much do i have to pay on my amazon card this month
What I can do with laptop
Can I use this card at an ATM?
you have done that right thank you very much.
does not matter with me, olly.
can you verify my recent visa card transaction
I didn't get all the money I asked for
could you please hire me a taxi to go to the opera tonight
do you prefer peanut butter or cheese for your celery
i need to wake up make me the strongest coffee you can make
send email to mom and tell her see her at disney world
I want to use my card, how would I activate it?
how do you reference me
i need to know the conversion between tablespoons and teaspoons
i need an uber for 7 people to go to safire restaurant
do you have friendly or unfriendly pets
do you think my shots would be needed, before traveling to columbia
please play back some important points summary.
Initiate cleaning process
I want to know how cold is it outside today?
can you find me a recipe for quiche
Tell me why I need top-up to be verified?
how many mexican pesos is a us dollar worth
please tell me what date it is today
please add deodorant to my shopping list
How do i change my identity?
Let me know when three hours have passed.
savings account balance at chase bank please
can you raise the lights for me please
Was there a problem with topping up?
I withdrew some cash out of the ATM over the holiday. It seems that I was charged some outrageous fees. I would not have done that had I been aware of these outrageous charges!
that's inaccurate
is it ok to sub sugar for salt
give me some good restaurants
are there any flights out of la to chicago on march 3rd for under $500
I had a decline on my card. Why?
i'd like direct deposit to my chase bank account
give ann and scott my location
What time is it in Florida?
I go the wrong exchange rate applied to my purchase in a foreign country.
Play Michael Jackson from my playlist.
please will you check last thing said.
how would i go about spelling malignant
what is twenty percent of one hundred and fifty
Can you tell me where to go to get a disposable virtual card?
do i have butter on my list
I need assistance with transferring funds to another account.
what does a baguette look like
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
I'm going to bed, play Dr. Demento on the radio.
Can I directly deposit my salary to this account?
what time is the party tonight
can you please freeze my bank account
what is my cable bill minimum payment
can i get a description of how to use a disposable virtual card
What do I need for the verification check?
how can i order more checks for my regions bank account
please can you stop it.
Tell me about the sports stadium
shit, not correct response.
I am getting continuous failure for all my transfers. I have cross checked each recipient detail again and again and everything is correct.
How can I get funds into my account from my American Express?
where is the nearest marijuana dispensary to kentucky fried chicken
i need to buy something, please
what is the exchange rate between the us dollar and the aus dollar
I transferred money from the US, How long does it take?
you're how old
I do not wish to verify my identity.
play my rock station on pandora
My card needs to be activated.
book me golden taxi for today at five pm
can you please tell me about the status of my credit card application
what are reviews for ihop like
Where is...
Get rid of all events with Jeff.
What's happening in world news today
book Ola for airport today evening.
what music do i usually listen to
Create an event for a John's birthday
How old can one use your service?
What's going on with my card? I've tried multiple times and it never goes through.
find me the earliest train ticket departing friday morning to miami
i enrolled in an insurance plan, what one was it
give me some cafes near downtown fort lauderdale
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
Why haven't I gotten my new card?
What is the title of the song that is playing?
i want you to add cleaning the toilet to my to do list
I need to know if everything is okay here. After making a transfer from a UK account it doesn't show up. How long does this normally take to process?
I ordered something ages ago online but it's simply not arriving. I've got enough! Give me back my money, I'm not paying these people.
what is the best recipe for tacos
I am still waiting for a transfer I did
you did something wrong.
thank you, olly.
i want to set up direct deposit
let me know about your pets
How long should it take for a transfer to go through? I have been waiting a while.
that's not what i said.
play an fm
what name do you want to be called
Olly, how do you define 'lamp'?
if soda isn't on my shopping list, go ahead and add it for me
What is the point of verifying a top up?
Why can't I use my virtual card for subscription services?
Play 88.9
my car needs to be jump started, guide me through it
please show today meting with clients
what new mail says?
My card has an expiration date, will you send a new one automatically?
tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
What are the rules for using disposable virtual cards?
uhh no, incorrect command.
Send an email to Bill that I'm sorry I didn't realize he was so sick
what's my visa limit
Can you show me all of the emails from my favorites list?
I didn't mean to do the transfer, is there any way to cancel it?
at how many miles am i required to get my oil changed
oops, you did not get me.
could you tell me about the alerts i have set
set alarm for tomorrow six am
email my mother
where can i get my w2 from
i like you cancel.
Please continue reading The Hunger Games.
uh no, i didn't say this.
mention the stock price of hdfc
please lower the volume
disconnect from my phone for me
please repeat over what you said
Is there a way to link cards if I have one of yours?
I really need to know how to change my pin.
please can you stop it.
i will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow
call an uber to take a group of 4 from this bar to the one on maple st
i want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey in five sentences
find john smith in contacts
is michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant
when will the balance on my account change form a transfer
Can you explain to me why a cash withdrawal shows up as pending?
Book a train ticket to boston tomorrow.
My card has an expiration date, will you send a new one automatically?
switch on radio mango
What are these disposable cards meant for?
Can I exchange my money for EUR?
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
flip a heads or tails coin i pick heads
i would like to listen to this programme on radio
When was Einstein's birthday?
i like you check what i last said please.
Can I use the apple watch to make a top-up?
please give height of lindsey lohan
I transferred some money and it didint arrive
PDA, turn on the radio to kiss fm.
what are the pending reminder for today evening
what is on my to do list
what is the process to move money from one account to another
Do I need my phone to use the app?
I tried to transfer but it was declined
if it is twelve hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time what's the time in the philippines now
what do you think i should have for breakfast
how much do i owe on all of my bills
Play me some music
Please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
Please turn off shuffle setting
Do you not accept crypto transfers from certain places? Because when I tried to do a top up the money just disappeared. Im not sure what to do or what I'm doing wrong, please help.
i want you check the last thing i said please.
i want to hear what i've just said again.
what is the meaning of life here
will you do it again.
Please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom.
my account has been blocked, but i have no idea why
please set event on 7 PM
what is the biggest blockbuster this week
Tune in to 89.7 FM
olly could you shut up please.
Is the celebrity single or married.
What is needed to activate my card?
do the restaurant deliver
Play Creed from my rock playlist.
What's going on with my card? I've tried multiple times and it never goes through.
are there any new emails from name
Please give me information next movie of aamir khan
What happened to my cash deposit?
Set notification for all-day meeting April 20th
emails now
please set alarm at five pm
after cooking  the stuffs add some masala content and cook it again in a tawa and serve
The application reverted my top-up.
do i have carrots on my shopping list
show me reviews of my nearest location food court
power up the plug socket one
What features are you going to add in the future?
remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at nine am
what is 562 times 400
yo play that song that go like she take my money
who is the better half of obama
i was at whole foods trying to buy groceries and my card got declined
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in hong kong
Do you have any idea on when I will receive my refund? I got my statement and it was not there.
Why am I being charged to transfer funds?
Can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing ?
how many calories can i expect to be in fries
What should I do if I think that someone might be using me card?
how should i proceed if my car won't start and i think it's the battery
i want to and my email address
brew my coffee
if it is a consumer good then what is the customer feedback
i want you to turn the fans on
increase the volume
My money transaction hasn't arrived.
yes amazing response to command.
Resume the song from the audiobook by The Beatles
send email to david davis email address
jane doe
I need help cancelling a transaction.
delete the last line
how good is my card's apr
it's indeed true
Email dad about fixing my car
How long should a transfer normally take to process completely? I have a friend that needs it right away, but it's already been 2 hours and she hasn't received it.
I know I have enough funds in my account but my card payment hasn't worked for some reason. What do I do?
I made a mistake when sending a payment, sending it to the wrong account number (with a typo) - can you please cancel the transaction?
couldn't understand your answers.
set up each day an alarm at ten time for my meal
what other names can i give you
exchange rate dirham and rupees
Save my song preferences on playlist
I would like to transfer money into my account.
I have been charged twice for the same thing!
please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
i want to be switched back to my factory settings
how much in total do i need to pay cox and at&t
please turn on the wemo plug socket
i no longer need to go to the zoo on the 8th of this month
Add a reminder for April 20 as my bro's birthday.
Confirm whether the color is blue
reminder about meeting from 8am to 12pm
set a meeting with Allen on tomorrow
what do you have me saved under
The  money I transferred does not show in the balance.
order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms from pizza hut
can you tell me what kind of life form you are
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
jump to the next podcast
your command was incorrect.
read back my to do list
Please send my refund now.
Olly, tell me the pound for pound list for the top 10 in the UFC
how much is ten u. s. d. to cad
tune in to Bob and Tom
Do you think I should see a movie or go out to dinner?
what does x’s music sound like
How can I update my details since I moved?
any one is good, olly.
Olly, how do you subtract numbers
were you born in the 80s
Give me tomorrow's weather update
open company name find feedback
find me the location of the nearest gas station
Please delete my account and personal information.
could you please put a stop on my bank account
I received my card but not my PIN.
how can i take a bus to dallas
check and tell me the address of my friend alex
Apparently, I went out today to use my new card and was informed my payment was decline. This is really embarrassing, what happen?
has my credit card application processed yet
fast me the news of academy awards
Find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup.
reply wishes to john by email
Can I top up by cheque?
i want a train ticket
how long does it take to get there
i want a train ticket
musch appreciated, that's good.
can you get me a table for 8 at johnnys
when is visa due
stop using the whisper mode
Today I noticed a charge for an ATM withdrawal on my account. Can you please fix this? It's supposed to be no charge.
is it possible to talk to you in mandarin
I want to set a new PIN
it's too dark here
is there a train from philadelphia to new york city at noon
Please submit status to facebook
how about lets start calling you juliette
give me the headlines from sky news
can you list my shopping list for me
Play best hits from given artist,
i wanna swap salt for baking soda
attenuate the lights
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train
how can you help me
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that does not belong to me
Can you check my email for messages from Terry MacDonald?
where do i get w2 form
My transaction is showing several times.
how long to microwave a pizza
jjj_india@yahoo.com
I have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
continue the smurfs book
can you locate some gospel music for me
please remind me about the event later 5pm.
what day do i have to pay for my capital one card
Turn up radio volume
please stop calling me dave, my name's bob
how to spell: dessert
Do I have banana in my shopping list
what does the traffic look like on my usual route to work
Hello, I was contacted by a seller who let me know my money didn't come through on their side. It most certainly came out of my account so I need this looked at immediately because now it has been returned to me!
i must know what the traffic is like on the way to phoenix
Do i need  a jacket in the evening
Can I se a reminder for this week?
send a mail to whom to talk
what are the reasons why you would not be able to process a payment
speaker volume increase
When will I have access to my pin number?
play the next episode of drunks and dragons please
does pink have a new baby
i gotta change my pin number for my debit account
tell me all about the creatures you own
activate the vacuum
What happened last week?
why hasn't a transaction to a friend cleared yet?
check status on my deliver, has it been delivered
Is my card activated?
I need to transfer something from China, How long will it take?
help me get a meeting set up
Are there going to be any showers tomorrow morning?
should i take an umbrella today
ai you have given me so much information, thank you
When does my transfer from the US arrive in my account?
what is on the agenda for today
could you please tell me what time is in singapore
vacuum the living room carpet
what is my schedule for tomorrow
what's the exchange rate between ils and usd
Make my radio turn on
I haven't received the money from the check I deposited.
when is the next rain chance
play any song of arijit singh
How does today look?
tell me when to get my tires changed
What fees are there for adding money using an international card
Tune in to 93.5 on radio
how tall is Jobe Bryant?
play me this years top 10 ten K-Pop songs
search for the correct game
how many kilos are in 100 pounds
Something's wrong my card won't work.
raise all the lights on
what is the square root of 10500
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
have you come across any new recipes
turn on alarm thirty minutes before liverpool started to play
within what time is is fine to eat cooked tilapia kept in the fridge
who is your superior
tell me how long can i keep pizza in the freezer for before it goes bad
yeap correcly.
My transfer hasn't arrived
My friend deposited $100 into my account, but it is not showing up!
what do people call you
please post happy birthday usa on my newsfeed
Where will the event be held?
What do I use to verify my identity?
I want to know if there is a maximum I can top up.
I found my lost card. Am I still able to use it?
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
What is this witdrawal
tomorrow i need the alarm to go off at 5
would you please once again explain me about your words.
I have a top up that didn't go through.  Why?
I don't have my card in 1 week.  Should I be worried?
Do I have to do something later?
The rate applied to my foreign purchase was incorrect
look up my total number of days off so far
what does a baguette look like
i would like to distribute some money between my accounts
Editing my personal details
i love to rock out with my sock out
what's 100 dollars in euros
Why are the things I bought earlier today still showing as pending?
tell me how the weather is
do not really bother, olly.
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
Is there traffic right now in Maiden lane?
play what live
Can I dispute a payment even if I notice it several weeks after it was made?
I had a transfer blocked
My card will expire soon, do I need to order a new one?
in what month does my credit card expire
FM 93.5 radio songs
do i have enough pto to take time off
where I can find xxxx
send a replay email
delete everything on my to do list
does not matter with me.
i think you have done the task all wrong.
how many grams are in 9 kilograms
tell me how i know when to pay my chase bill
play latest reason podcast
what's worth watching
can you please order some food for me
Why can't I top up by cheque?
please add deodorant to my shopping list
make lights brightener
How many transactions can I do with my disposable card?
please find out the expiration date for my credit card
Any mail from John today?
when does pork go bad in the fridge
do i have any alarms
alexa tell me AMD stock prices
Set an alarm for 6am
and the light began
Am I able to exchange currencies?
how's weather today
you have done that right thank you so much.
How's the weather this week?
Why did I get charged a fee for my transfer?
could you please check that.
Are the funds I requested from a merchant a few days ago in my account? I do not see them.
What do I have to do to get my PIN unblocked?
Can I directly deposit my salary to this account?
do i have any meetings today between 9:20 and 10:30
this song should be add this on my rock playlist
How long will a transfer be pending for?
how would you tackle the following problem brush your teeth
olly that is all, stop.
I am waiting for my card to arrive.
how can i increase the credit limit on my discover card
uhh no, i think you've done this incorrectly.
what is the temperature setting of the ac
Create a new email to a new address, which is brandon at example dot com
I saw a fee on my receipt from withdrawing money while shopping earlier.  Is there supposed to be a fee for this type of transaction?
how do i find top up for cash deposit
I Would ask it to play the beep sound continuously
I'm suddenly getting an error while attempting a transfer that it isn't possible. Why? I've done it before.
Can I top up with cash
i want you to set alarms for 2pm and 3pm
tell me what's on my shopping list
activate vacuum
have a taxi pick me up
Get me up at 8 AM.
My withdrawals were going smooth until I got declined today. What is going on?
Can I resent my passcode?
when should I receive my refund
start a phone call with kathy
what are the current lists i have
How can I unblock a blocked pin number for my account?
Remove all scheduled events from the calendar.
how are people liking the sushi at yakamoto
change light colors from blue to white
latest technologies gadgets
could you shut down.
set a reminder for me to let the plumber in tomorrow
Do I have to pay for topping up by transfer?
what do you enjoy doing while not working
do not really care.
Do you support changing the currency I use?
tell me my credit score please
Is it thursday tomorrow?
i was not so clear about what you've just said.
I forgot the code I need to get into the app.
what events are happening today
delete bread from shopping list
Turn the living rooms lights off.
tell me what is on my calendar for march 2
hi what kind of pictures you uploaded in pinterest
how would you like me to refer to you
Delete scheduled alarm
Will they deliver to me ?
erase spaghetti from list
Please update me with the list of events happening in my area
Mastercard is preferred to me.
I have withdrawn cash from the ATM but it is showing in my account as a pending transation. Why is this?
olly i want you cancel.
rj raunak programme play on 92.7 fm
please would you tell me one more time again.
bedroom light off
I have exceeded all my PIN tries
Initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
when does panama city mall open
my checking account needs a new pin number
do i have enough funds in my card
I have an account at another bank, but I want to transfer some of the money to my account here..
play the health show on the television in the living room
give me options for indian carryout under dollars
Take that off there
What are the charges for US cards with top up.
book taxi for now
set the alarm to go off at 9 tomorrow
Can I apply for one of your cards if I live in the EU?
if i plan on travelling to this country, do i need a visa
be quiet
The email of office staff must be checked
what is my credit limit on my discover
Events in <City>
music change
play the client by john grisham
When I tried to transfer funds to my friend today I was unable to do so, why?
what location is this
if a pencil cost 4$ and a book cost 10$, how much i should pay if i buy 2 pencil and 3 book ?
let me see the list of tranaction on my discovery credit card
I tried to make a transfer but it failed
will you check and confirm command please.
store my contacts
that does not matter for me.
nice to talk to you
i would like to have a sushi can you order me a lunch
do you have a list of shots that i need for traveling to denmark
is there traffic on my way to work
I withdrew  money from the ATM and was overcharged.  It said nothing about an extra fee.
say some jokes
what events are happening in los angeles
i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
get sia's cheap thrills ready to play next
how much gas do i need to get to buffalo
Why hasn't the transfer shown up in my account yet?
Show them where the keys to internal locks are located in case they have to exit your home quickly.
i ran my credit card over with the lawn mower and need to replace it
how much is the euro worth vs us dollar?
I left my phone at the hotel.
I tried taking out 30 pounds from the ATM just now and it only gave me 10. Why would it do that? I need the 30 pounds now!
I an not sure but it looks as if a card payment I made was cancelled.
what is a chair
Why does a cash withdrawal show as pending?
How do I get extra physical cards?
I need to know what is going on. I'm attempting to purchase a flat and need the money to pay on my initial mortgage payment. I'm only getting an error. Can you find out what's going on and help in making the transfer?
remind me at one thousand three hundred
book me golden taxi for today at five pm
the meeting with justin and katrina has been changed put it on thursday
olly please stop.
Why are my transfers not going through.  I have tried over 4 times to get it to work.  This is just a simple transfer.  Is something else causing this in the system?  Is it broken?
would you tell me it one more time please.
My source of funds need verification.
does applebees have alright reviews
Help please!  My rent payment is coming out tomorrow and I made a payment mistake yesterday! Can you put in in the correct account?
no notifications for five minutes
how many hook ups had richard feynman
I attempted to top up my account but it's been frozen in a pending state for well over an hour now! Is this normal? I'm a new customer and this is my first time doing this. I assumed it would be done quicker than this.
What do I need to do to get my new card which I have requested 2 weeks ago?
i need to get a flight out of denver to houston on friday for under $250
What are the top up charges for all US cards?
Remind me tomorrow at 2 pm.
how many kilos are in 10 pounds
Please open my contact list
what country was einstein from
Why can I not do a transfer to a beneficiary?
Get news from FOX
My card was not accepted in a shop
i need that repeated
celeb info
I can't seem to figure out why my transfers are getting declined.
when was the last date that i got a paycheck
Is Deborah's 54th birthday on September 26, 2017?
what mexican restaurant within 5 miles has the best reviews
List out my upcoming events?
I was charged a fee when withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
I bought something and want the money refunded can I get some help with that?
it it possible to take pto from the 8th to the 11th
my luggage is missing i was on frontier flight ab123 from seattle
can you check on a transaction for me
when was the us got fredom
I tried to buy something online yesterday and got a message saying declined. I tried again today and got the same message. What's the problem?
Can I get my paycheck through here?
My money didnt go through after I transferred.
did I received an email from rohit?
how long to get a new credit card
Can I activate my card with the app?
I just tried to top-up and now I'm getting an additional verification message, why?
that's confirmed.
do not care.
no, it is not what i just requested.
Can I auto top if I'm low on funds?
do i have any vacation days to use
How long does it take for a pending cash withdrawal?
set alarm on twenty fifth may at five pm
what are the top 20 jazz hits
any good fast food items.
turn of speaker
What are the details of (event)
am i your boss
Hey I want to get a refund on something I bought, but not sure how to go about it. Can you please just cancel the payment, I have not received the item yet.
Cortana, find the latest article from Chris Hedges on Truthdig.
set up each day an alarm at ten time for my meal
Report the time in Miami.
book a train ticket to mumbai for tomorrow
Why is there a direct debit fee in the App when I didn't do it?
hey i'd like you to order burger
would you please make a reservation for 2 at olive garden for 5 pm today
I need a ticket on the train to New York City tomorrow
please aid in my searching for my lost phone
create a reminder to change my oil
Your exchange rates come from where?
update me on my emails
how do i see what i transferred
tell me about price of stock for innova
if i take a flight on pan am to denver, how many carry ons are included
do you have a traffic update
I am seeing inside the App a some cash withdrawal that is not mine
Why does my statement have these extra charges?
are you able to tack my package
When does the F train run today?
i need a new credit card, show me suggestions
confirm the question please.
no, that information is wrong
how do i make meatloaf
check the current playing music title
Why is there a payment showing twice?
I need you to cancel a transfer that I made.  It is the wrong account number and the app won't let me stop the transaction.  Please stop it!
a good first impression
This is a nice song.
How many numbers are saved for Alex.
What is the charge for sending out more cards?
get the roomba to start cleaning
update the calendar with the last event removed
tell the latest news about the trump
hey order me some take out from jason's deli
can i get my w-2 online
I urgently need to transfer something from China. How long can I expect it to take?
Where can I go to find out how to verify my identity?
play episode ten in the podcast
what meetings do i have today
what do you think i should have for breakfast
area of north america
use a woman's voice
please add item to list
are SWIFT transfers an option?
what are some fun tourist things to do in mumbai
Olly what will the weather be like on Saturday?
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and am a bit worried because I don't have cash with me. Is it possible to withdraw here without any additional costs or fees?
tweet insight cable's customer service and tell them i have been waiting on hold for thirty minutes
what highly rated movies are playing this weekend
would you tell me it one more time please.
add event book club debbie's house wednesday night
Is there a fee for exchanging cash?
tell me how to get new insurance
help me modify my insurance policy
What areas are cards delivered to?
go to the podcast and play the next episode in ____
Play next episode of Cashing In With TJ Miller
that must be a mistake.
please call a taxi to arrive at four hundred and take me to the manor theater
when do i need to change my motor oil again
Give me the stock price of Intel
This is terrible, i want to delete my account
i need a break start it after five minutes
i am currently located in what town
mute my speakers for a minute here i need to make a call
yeap you've gotten that correcly.
pull up some recommendations for places serving fish in maine
How do I add my new card?
I Withdrew cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I received the cash already?
i need to pay my bill
how much will i pay for state taxes this year
How do I know which payments I make will have additional fees? Where can I find this information online?
what does assiduous mean
Can you send me more cards for my account?
is there anything exciting on twitter today
Why is my debit card being declined when I have money?
can you tell me life's meaning
yes wonderful response to command.
wemo on
info of rowan atkinson
what's my current gas level
Are there certain cards and currencies you support?
Does LeChateau have delivery service or only takeway?
What do I need to do to correct this failed transfer?
i'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please
how long will my milk be good in the fridge
you did it perfectly.
do you think you could disconnect from my phone
what are common vaccinations for someone travelling internationally
Show Ana number
i would like to listen to my audiobook
i would like that repeated
search for podcasts that cover men's issues
When will I see my cash, since I already deposited my check?
Remind me at work to take a meeting with Dave on Friday.
i need you to let mr miyagi and daniel know where i am
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
Is there extra fees for making a withdraw in a different country at a cash machine.
I thought I would have received my new card at this point.
What locations can I get money from?
what is the word for hello spanish
do the restaurant deliver
Will I need to carry an umbrella with me today?
I would like to get both a Visa and MasterCard?
The app says I got cash from an ATM but I didn't
train leaving
how much time will pass between the start and end of our sojourn by bus to detroit
who do you consider your employer
what is the balance of my bank accounts
begin playing the audiobook beauty and the beast
one cup of almonds has how many calories
Update me on my emails.
change the pin on my savings account to 1234
The exchange rate for my withdrawal was wrong.
change my light color to blue and please turn off the kitchen light
define word
I checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller I didn't approve of. Can you help me understand?
Transfer isn't working?
How are exchange rates calculated?
get rid of everything on my calendar for march 2nd
I made a purchase recently but I have decided that I'm not buying it and I need to receive my money back. Can you please give me a refund ASAP. It's extremely urgent.
get rid of bananas on the list
tweet real donald trump that angela merkel will not shake his hand anymore
post this pic to facebook
s1, would you explain me about what you have just said once again.
Why was I charged a fee to transfer money?
could you confirm my last instruction please.
Where do I top up?
who wrote the song i just wanna dance with you
There is a debit transaction on my statement that I did not make
do you like love song?
what is the plan for a day
Play san andreas game.
what are my new contact emails
What card or currency can I use to pay?
Compose an email to Bob
reply with <unk>
that is not true
hey read any email to me
Turn on alarm 30 minutes before liverpool started to play
i want my original settings back
how much cash do i have in my bank accounts
add this email to a new contact
this was not correct command.
can you brighten up the lights please
How is the weather likely to be this week?
what is the max on my credit limit
When can I get off Mr. Bones Wild Ride?
Olly what is the weather forecast for today
order me some chipotle
alarm five pm tuesday
My card didn't work at the ATM in Notting Hill.  Is my card working?
Check unread emails.
Where is the cash deposit I made?
raise the volume of the speakers
Now that I have my card, how do I connect it to the app?
let me know the time in india
send me an uber to arrive at 5pm at my house and there will be two people going to scully's downtown
what is the title of the song we're listening to right now
In what way can I change my PIN and where do I need to be?
make an order of bread because i am out
what does my credit card charge for their annual percentage rate
what do people think about the sandwiches at wendy's
Olly, how much is one dollar in pounds?
Turn off the lights in the living room.
How to order a virtual card
buy me a ticket to boston
Why is there an extra fee on my statement?
Select the Information on the contact
are there any new emails in outlook
I need someone to alert me as to what's going on. I had transferred an amount but the receiver is saying that the amount is somewhat less than what I sent over. I now have to make another transfer to make up the difference.
two thumbs down @companyname
I was charged several times for something
lower the lights in bedroom two
I did not receive the right amount of cash.
Can I use cash to top up
what is five divided by one
meeting july calendar
find that song that goes something like i'm hooked on a feeling
set a reminder for me to request time off work around the holidays
tell me my health plan
set to female voice
talk to me in a speedier manner from here on out
i need to know what traffic will be like in temp
who can i talk to right away about the current freeze on my account
Can you erase the past event I visited?
what is my age?
tell me how to transfer my 401k
when does iphone stock usually drop
i'd like to hear what you've just said again.
open calendar schedule event meeting
My card is about to expired what will happen?
My card needs to be activated asap
are you a pet owner what kind
olly i would like you just cancel it.
has the apr on my card changed and what is it now
what do i have on my shopping list
What about a auto top-up?
unmute after
i have no idea about what to choose.
What are your supported countries?
mix well.
olly start the laundry
Why am I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
what's the date of the next closest holiday
it was cool, thank you very much.
mute for the next hour please
Who is Jennifer Aniston married to
How can I see my source of funds?
can you please check and confirm what just said.
I don't have a way to prove my identity.
tweet kohls about the cleanliness of their store
I want some information on john lennon
Is the answer of 5+2, 7?
describe joe for me please
that's cool, thank you so much.
what is the result of two by two
how much has hp stock gone up
is my wake up alarm set a six am
how many birthday's are on twenty third
Please add 'shopping at mall' on 26 March at 12pm.
is rice ok after 3 days in the refrigerator
Help!  I think my phone may be stolen or lost!
switch wemo plug socket off
i would like a reorder of checkbooks for my home equity line of credit with chase
how about playing a game of guess the word i'm thinking of
I see a direct debit charge that I did not approve
can you locate some gospel music for me
Will gloves come in handy on Tuesday?
where do i find the routing number for navy federal
i appreciate what you did
how many points do i have with my american express
cutoff noise.
Is the system down? I've been trying to do a transfer and have failed?
is it march
Update on international women's day
I want to transfer money to a beneficiary, but I couldn't.
What's a good substitute for eggs?
Why have I been charged an extra pound?
Is there a charge for a physical card?
what month does my card close
tell me why my card was declined
is there an alarm at four am
check my to do list
tell me the current account balance
how are you doing
what is recipe
In the app, where do I find my card PIN?
what is it at, the ac temperature
yeah you've got that perfectly.
My wallet is empty even though I topped it up an hour ago.
My top-up showed as complete, but it's no longer there! What's going on here?
check my to do list to see if feeding the fish is on it
I misplaced my phone so I can't use the app! Does this mean I can't use my card?
I don't know what pending transaction means.
what genre is this?
help me change my pin number for my money market account
i need to mute the speaker
if I have $20 how much is that in pesos alexa
Why couldn't I do a transfer to a beneficiary?
can you tell me the square root of pi
list the latest apple stock prices
did i set a day on my calendar for voting in the next election
tell me the reason there is a hold or block on my account
change color of the light to red outside the house
start playing ringcast
remove john's birthday from the calendar
Why does my transfer say it is pending?
I would like to delete my account.
do i need a visa to travel to isreal
what is the minimum payment for comcast
can you please create a list for me
call me an uber for right now
has my vacation time been approved
meeting rooms open between one and three pm
what's the number of calories in a coke
how are the reviews for spaghetti at the olive garden
order ribs for dinner
what are my plans for today
please dim the lights in the bedroom
what is the current traffic in washington town
turn on the socket
I'd like to know what the foreign exchange rate will be.
remind me about calendar
I got a declining message during a transfer? please tell me why
Olly put on be warned by tech n9ne
would it be a problem to sub chips instead of fries
review of my card apr
will you please check it.
i like to be it
Can you tell me if I can hold money in several currencies?
hmm, not correct response.
Why can I not take out cash?
I am suppose to be getting a refund from something I purchased but it hasn't showed up in my account.
what you are doing is not actually helpful, please cancel the action
Go fetch all the lists from the notes app.
Can I choose when my card is delivered?
is there a minimum payment i can make
is it possible to get schedule getting my tires inspected
Look for apple pie recipe.
what time are the trains going to chennai leaving
How can I reset my darned PIN number?
What needs to be done to activate and use a card?
Remove from calendar my medical appointment for today
There is an extra small charge on my card! What do I do?
Can you tell me what i need for the identity check?
i want to change my savings account pin to 1234
cancel business meeting on wednesday
in the mst time zone, what time is it right now
go to contacts and add a new email to the list
The rate applied to my purchase in a foreign currency was wrong.
Turn off the living room lights
Get me a ride on the commuter train from NJ to NY.
your name from this point forward is george
Where do you deliver cards by mail?
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
quit the current action please
Set a reminder every day at noon to take medciation.
Where can I get a physical card?
what does my shopping list consist of
I found my lost card in my jacket pocket this morning so I'd like to reactivate it please.
Do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
what's your bday
please turn the volume down
what is latest on the recent events happening right now
just let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
find transportation to rome
Where can I get my card at?
hi olly post my last clicked photo on facebook with title marry christmas
My contactless stopped working today no matter where I try to use it. How do I get it to start working again?
Read current lists.
yeah get that correcly.
send email to Martha saying last evening was wild
transfer between two accounts
will you check my last command please.
How do I freeze my account?
i want the complete weather details of seventh march
it's good one, appreciated.
tell my location to david
make it dark in here
tell me something funny about cats
olly set my alarm to go off in an hour
make the volume 4
CALL CHINA KING CHINESE RESTAURANT
keep playing secret garden
help, my account is blocked
please force my account to freeze
Define loquaciousness
My account needs to be deleted.
can i see my transactions on the 7th
go to setting
What are your currency exchange fees?
i think this is not the right response.
Play Get Happy by Ella Fitzgerald
I'm not happy with the services I'm getting with this company. Can you please delete my account?
What is the highest rated joke today
please delete bananas from my shopping list
i need to know the things on my shopping list
should i take a different route to work
this does not matter for me.
Read to me the last messages in my feed.
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train
Can I electronically transfer funds into my account from my American Express?
My ATM transaction shorted me on cash, and I think the exchange rate was wrong. Did I receive the correct rate?
Did I get an email from Paul?
what's the wait like at chima brazilian steakhouse at this time
call someone for me
is there a way to get my pin number
Do charge fees for transfers?
what exhibits or shows are scheduled at the metropolitan theater
There is a direct debit fee in the App that I didn't do.
Can I choose whether I receive a Visa or a Mastercard card?
If I see a payment in the app that I don't recognize, what should I do?
compose a mail for jack
favorite what's currently playing on my playlist
please increase the volume of the current song
i wouldn't really care.
thanks but that is wrong answer.
tell me how you've been
Read me the latest international news.
what's my next appointment
Set my alarm for time
Stop making sounds for 40 minutes.
give me time
update email
PDA, I want to make a post
i don't quite catch up with you.
how to delete account, not happy
could you schedule car maintenance for me
Remove that event from my calendar
i need to know how much i should pay in tax
do they deliver
Should I be seeing a fee applied for my money transfer?
start radio and go to frequency on nine hundred and forty three
Why is there an extra fee on my statement?
when is the right time to change my tires
what is the us dollar euro exchange rate
what are the fees for using my card in toronto
yes right.
My withdrawl is still pending.  Why?
Please delete my account and personal information.
Why can't I take money from my account?
What currency is supported for exchanges and holding?
oops, you're wrong.
email my favourite contacts
could you check and confirm last thing i said.
I made a transfer a couple hours ago but my balance has not been updated. Why is this? Shouldnt this be instant?
cross off grocery shopping from todo list
i need help cause my check engine light came on
tweet about what can be done for it
when would be a wise time to replace my tires
Please provide currency exchange rates
i'm sorry please repeat the question
i need to know how busy denny's is at 6 am
Why is it required to verify my identity?
delete the first alarm
answer for three times four
Send an email to Joe that says I'm already here
where is the nearest walmart
please send a text
Repeat the song playing now
can you roll dice
will you rephrase me about your response once again please.
how long does it take to make roast chicken
Lower the lights in the room
I just made a transfer from a UK account. How long does that typically take to show up? I just want to make sure it worked alright.
i want to know the definition of discretionary
start me a new list
Please tell me if I got any email recently
schedule a lunch meeting with brent on Wednesday at noon
what's a fun fact about mythology
I need to book a train ticket to LA
remove eric name
weather report of the week
How tall is Lebron James?
Can you help me process a refund?
what is the sum of fifteen ninety nine dollars and six sixty five dollars
can you tell me what i have on my shopping list
Could you please set an alarm at 6 am?
what is the time difference between new york and lagos
Is it possible to get a second card for my daughter?
this room lights off
show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
play seven habits of effective people
tell me my car's gas mileage please
What exchange rate does the US dollar and the Euro have?
A friend was telling me about her disposable cards. What would I have to do to be able to get that feature?
I need some help figuring out what this strange payment is on my account. It's stays pending and won't go away.
resume audiobook
turn on living room radio
please show my list
hmm, you did a task all in wrong manner.
show me reviews of my nearest location food court
If I were to use a European bank card for a top up, will I incur a charge?
i want you just stop it.
how many miles can i drive before i need to change my tires
is my request going to be approved for vacation
could you speak louder
Visit metronorth.com to help me purchase train tickets
look up what this word means
is it possible to book a meeting room between 10 and 11
call christie's work number
next podcast play
s1, please explain further on your words to me.
please email my team
i arrived on delta flight ab123 from juno but my luggage doesn't appear to have come with me
What does obsessed mean?
what is the name of this musical group
what is 25 percent of 6999
let's try again please.
Do you accept all cards and currencies?
didn't understand your answers.
how long should i spend preparing roast beef
Is it possible to top up using a cheque?
How can I stop someone from using my card after I lost it yesterday.
can you tell me how many points i have to date with my capital one miles card
Get us spaghetti from Pizza Hut.
What events are in my area?
my calendar is to be updated with all rccg event in march
please put a block on my regions account immediately
Why does top-up require verification?
read out my shopping list for today
it's useful, thanks.
can you get paired to my phone right away
do i need to add money before i order a card
where is mcdo
I'd like to listen to 99 (point) 5
how many ounces is 2 and half cups
Has Derek logged into Facebook today?
how long will the wait time be at the cheese cake factory
I need to know about the height of mount everest.
can you please tell me how long it will take to get to target in austin
What are the currencies and cards that are supported with my account?
i want a 10 minute timer
what did i tell you to call me
Why wasn't my payment to beneficiary X approved?
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know why
play list music True Love
where the party will take start
Am I free on x day?
I sent money and the recipient has not received their money after two weeks.
google stock price
would i need a tourist visa for brazil
where is the closest hospital to madison square garden
it's perfect work, thank you so much.
Is it possible for me to get money out in a different currency?
this is a nice song
tell me a neat fact about the ocean
I don't have my passcode to access the app.
how much longer until i have a direct deposit
Find and Order rasgulla of janta sweet home pvt Ltd
what price is my credit card and my water bill at
should i take my car to a maintenance
do i have an email from person a
I believe my top up was reverted.
Are my contactless settings correct? I tried to use it today but it wasn't working.
let's go through all pending reminders
On my disposable card, is there a transaction limit?
can you please check what i last said.
Alexa,  brighten the lights in living room.
I don't think my card payment exchange rate is correct.
audio on
please confirm my reservation for march 8th at 12:00
what is the procedure to jump start a car
i replaced my tires yesterday, when should i get new ones
please make me a cup of coffee
Where is Yellowstone?
Do i have emails from this sender
I think my phone was stolen. What can I do?
can you assist me in activating my card?
is mop the floor already in my reminders
change background
Play my Rock Station on Pandora
i want directions to the closest atm
speak one more time again please.
i am asking you to add this song to my country music playlist
am i ready for an oil change soon
Remove my dinner event for Monday.
suggest a good mexican meal to me
what's 47 times 83
Check my inbox for new emails.
my luggage is missing, i think
play me a game of tic tac toe
My new card has not been delivered to my home yet. What is going on?
olly could you just stop please.
Get rid of my current alarms
could you increase the speaker volume please
How can I receive a virtual card?
please book a taxi for me to go to the railway station
Is a physical charge extra
what is a good vegan egg substitute
what's the procedure to get direct deposit for my paycheck
What is burmuda tiangle
turn up the speaker volume
what's my income tax
check the command.
please could you check question.
reserve a table for 5 at lawry's under the name steve at 8:00pm
through mail server
give me a tuna salad recipe
whatever would be good to me.
mpg for this car please
anything is ok for me.
show me nearby musical events
what does it say on the clock
Should I wear layers sometime today?
Super song!
For some reason, the money I added was returned.
The balance does not appear to have updated.
darken the room a bit
how do you spell aaron
I don't have my mobile device and am unable to make the payment because I forgot my details.
remove all the events of last month from the calendar
My card doesn't seem to work.
please mute yourself
What ingredients do I need to bake a large cake?
When do you charge fees on accounts? I just saw a charge on my statement.
Anything unique to do in the city today?
tell me when to next change my tires
Find me Mexican dinner recipes.
help me find some new dinner recipes
The app will not let me into my account.
Play Itzhak Perlman.
How can I get my money back for a payment i didnt make
When I topped up the app reverted it.
what does a grapefruit look like
at 7, i need a table for 3 at olive garden
What do you think of the exchange rate?
turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
Why doesn't my passcode work?
What is the minimum age?
what number do you get when you roll one six sided die
please list the best clothing shops near me
i want to know the latest local news of the city
are my tires full or low
I have a cash withdrawal on my statement that I am unsure of.
Give me the description about Smartphone
Work sucked today.
can I have multiple currencies?
let's try that one more again please.
could you harvest the crops in farmvile
PDA give me the product review from GameSpot about the NIntendo Switch
What is the weather in Pensacola
do you know if outback allows reservations
Please check my playlists for jazz music
what is zero divided by zero
enter this to a list
that’s actually wrong
does it take 5 hrs to get to brooklyn by bus
Continue pride and Prejudice.
what have i got on my to-do list
you are leading me into wrong.
tell the kids where i am
i require another filter so can you order me another one
Olly recommend some local shops to me.
let's try the utterance one more time please.
what's the crowd like at hopper's bar around 11pm
hi, what are you doing.
have there been any travel alerts for the us
What's the exact time we get food delivered once we place an order for food.
make appointment for next friday
peace out
Look for a pizza recipe
tell what is the value of sin thirty
OK Google, I need the current DART rail schedule from West Irving Station to North Lake College.
How long until transfers complete?
next episode of nyt podcast
my card became damaged when i dropped it in the parking lot and it got ran over
How many cards am I allowed?
tell me when my flight is scheduled to start boarding
how much money do i have in my various bank accounts
Do I get charged for a top up from a European bank?
is it possible to get a ford in austin from may the 5th to may the 7th of this year
How long does it take for an international transfer into my account?
Write this complaint to Comcasts customer service twitter
Define love without invoking the term love.
what's leon's email
Let me get a cup of coffee please.
reminder set
Play my downloaded music
Assistant, please turn the lights off
There is a fraudulent charge on my statement.
what do i do if my car battery is dead
next button
i need some suggestions for dinner places tonight
call a taxi
anything would be okay for me.
Is it true the gym is 7 miles away
can i apply for a discover card
what is the date of my last paycheck
how much to get my card in 2 days?
list all pending reminders
could you tell me it one more time please.
Why is the exchange rate terrible?  That can't be close to the actual interbank rate.
Should i take my raincoat with me now
the answer is confirmed.
how much pto is gone
what is the fee for a transfer into my account
how much did facebook stock increase last night
please make coffee
How do I know which ATMs will accept this card?
The nature of artificial intelligence.
bananas expire in how long
make a cup of coffee
book a Rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
have an alarm set for three in the morning
How do I order a disposable virtual card?
time in chicago
uhh no, i think that's wrong response.
Am I supposed to verify my identity?
get news from bbc
i need to know my bank of america routing number
shut up.
yes, ai, that is correct
doesn't really matter for me.
my credit card application has what status
your date of birth
what rental insurance policy do you recommend
PDA, add event to calender.
yeap wonderful response to command.
is it possible for me to rent a car out of jfk airport from march 15-20
MORE STOCK PRICE
what if you want a new credit card
what's the traffic like going to central park
READ ME MY CALENDAR FOR THE MONTH
Tell me how to replace my expired card.
What happens if my card expires?
I have no idea why there is a dollar that has been charged to my account.
tell me my routing number at my bank, community trust
Is it okay to hold money in multiple currencies?
begin radio play
list out  my schedule today.
Can other people top up my account?
I need to know the cost and when I will receive a new card to replace an old one.
Where do I find how to top off with a check?
would you check my last question please.
what is the mpg on this car
please inform me what is showing on my calendar for the 17th of march
please tell my bank i will be in israel from the 6th to the 23rd
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
Increase the volume of the music to 90
i need to know the interest rate on my bank of america cd account
My cash withdrawal was declined, why?
is it recommended to get any specific shots before i travel to argentina
status of take away
I want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me?
Shazam this music
Turn on the Marc Maron podcast
can you put in a pto request for me for july second and third
i want to reserve a convertible from july 2nd through july 18th for los angeles
can you book me a train ticket  to bombay for tommorow in any train?
more lights please
I would like to invalidate my account.  I am very disappointed with your services.
Vacuum the floor
How do I get Top Up to work in Apple Pay?
complain about walmart service
what timezone is viet nam in
Where do I access the auto top-up function?
I believe that my transfer hasn't gone through.
Show me popular exchange rates
add swimming to my calendar today
no, i think you did not get this right.
check and confirm what i said please.
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
I finally got my new card and was very excited to use it today. However, my payment kept declining. What is happening?
I needed to make a payment on my account, but I typed in the incorrect number.  The app won't allow me to cancel this transaction.  I need it cancelled ASAP!!
How much more do I have to pay to exchange currencies?
Find me today's headlines at CNN
reply to the email received from mark
Olly, brew a pot of coffee.
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
why was a extra fee added to my account for transfer ?
what will the date be next wensday
find me the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
please arrange to make all lights to show brighter
Ok Google, tweet McDonald's down Reseda has terrible service.
convert eastern time to western time
do that
How long will this card payment stay pending?
will play chess
can to please clear my calendar of all events
What's the deal with no cryptocurrency on your app?
meaning of name
set a reminder to go grocery shopping
i was at trader joe's trying to buy groceries and my card got declined
how much did i spend on groceries today
flip a coin, you're tails and i'm heads
What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's birthday?
Is it possible to exchange currencies?
give me the weather for merced at 3:00 pm
How many disposable cards can I make in a single day?
I want to hear Beyonce.
skip to the next track
kill all the frogs you see
What happens when a beneficiary can't receive my transfer?
What's the cost for exchanges?
Do I need to go to an office to change my pin?
PDA: Turn off the porch light
how do i direct deposit my check
thank you so much for the information.
correcly.
tell me if the new york restaurant takes reservations
olly please just stop.
Will it it be hot tomorrow?
how old is cher
i am sorry but i think you don't get the response right.
would you cancel it please.
lets hear wgrr one hundred and three point five
sorry but i think you didn't get response correctly.
can you find me a recipe for salsa
Can I transfer something urgently from China? How long does it take?
you are so thoughtful and i appreciate your gesture
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
share to grandma my gps coordinates
made media volume louder
i wish to cancel my reservation for fred at red robin
Can you sync my calendar with mark?
add dentist appointment to my calendar for march 1
please change the color of my lights surprise me
home town weather
call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
what topics are you versed in
where is a good place to eat cheap pakistani food
Someone has access to my card info.  I still have the card, but someone just withdrew cash.  How do I get this corrected/stopped?!
You did not apply the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
find out the cost of my bill payments
schedule an alarm
remove event from my list
engage whisper mode now
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
check calendar for events
Church with Mom and Dad on Sunday.
can you change the light colors in the house
please search for dining tables
correct response to command.
do I have a dentist appointment on Monday morning?
how come my transfer didn't work
has amy sent me any new emails
I am trying  to  transfer and  it has been  stopped why is  that
open meeting time
what is the root of 16
what ingredients do i need for chicken breast
What's the time frame normally for a UK account transfer? I just made one and it's not showing up anywhere. I want to be sure that everything is good.
my day was fun
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards per day?
what time is it in mountain time zone
i need a 7 minute timer
Play my game
Time
Give me a biography of Donald Trump
excellent work, you've done well.
What are the reasons for my beneficiary not being allowed?
i like you to check and confirm it please.
I'm having issues with my card. You guys keep declining it for some reason. I haven't had any issues up until this point. What is going on? I've tried a handful of times with the same, unfortunate, result!
spell: dessert
I need to transfer money into my account, how do I go about doing this?
olly what's some upcoming events i might want to go to?
Is there a problem with my account? When I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM I was denied.
i wish to apply for a visa card
Can I track the card that was just sent to me?
I need a new passcode.
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that already.
Dim the lights to level 2
can you go to amazon a repurchase my last purchase
what's 8 ounces in cups
read me my shopping list
how many records did coldplay sell?
my card payment has been declined, do you know why?
tell me why relationships are so hard
make the light more visible
can i get delivery from here
switch on/off light
could i use white wine instead of red wine in a recipe
Wake me up at time
Can I get a card even if I live outside the UK?
how much do i owe for state taxes
Is there snow in the forecast?
please book a meeting room for thusday at 4:00
tell me something funny about rats
Tell me the train ticket price of California to Chicago
what's going on
can you play my latest audio book
I received my salary in the wrong currency. How do I change this?
please could you speak once more.
can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person
Remove the event off the calender
How old do I have to be to open an account?
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
What is the longest that a payment will show pending?  There is one showing that has been sitting there a few days.
How do I get a virtual card on my device?
i need a pto request on march 1 to 2
Can you guarantee that you can chose the winning lottery numbers?
give me restaurant reccomendations
I'm checking the app and I see a payment that's not mine.
what can i do to improve my credit score
Are there charges for topping up US cards?
Hi, what's going on
reserve a table for 2 at olive garden under the name jim at 6:00pm
how do you spell dessert
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
i need to buy a train ticket
current forex rates
what type of specific shots should i get before flying to south korea
put what i'm listening to on my workout playlist
is there a fee associated with use of my card in burkina faso
inbox this mail.
do you know why my card was declined at target i can't figure out why
will my fico score decrease if i increase my student loan debt
how many vacation days did i use
where has my transferred money gone?
Start a list of dog names.
update me on the standing rock protest
Who accepts this card?
what restaurants are pet friendly near here
two pm set
Why has my transfer not arrived yet?
Why is there a fee associated with card use?
turn the kitchen lights off
i'd like to know what bitcoin means
How can I verify the top-up card?
Why was my top-up unsuccessful?
i don't like this light please show me other options
what is the top up limit
how do i know where i'm at
Which flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
Please tell me how you can stop unauthorized payments from being made on my card since on this bill I see that this has happened. There are transactions that I never made from a place I've never been to.
what is ten divided by five
can you start the coffee
Is there a way to link cards if I have one of yours?
what do I have planned for today
how is the traffic in mg road
bed room two darken
whats the stock price of apple
Please tell me if I'm going to be charged for sending out more cards?
I wish to close my account. I do not like the service you provide.
please repeat the last thing
i'd like to request a vacation
i will be in aiken on may 12 to may 16, i need to rent a car
is anything on my calendar for june 22nd
say a funny
March 5th is John's birthday, please place this on the calendar.
could you please again clarify your answer to me.
Tell me why I need top-up to be verified?
s1, will you please further explain me about what you said.
will you please shut down.
i need to keep two toddlers busy tell me what to do
show the playlist
remove the sms recipient which have initials s
Stop powering the wemo socket.
look up word
when was the last alarm set
I want you to schedule a meeting with Bryce, Jessie, and Carol for tomorrow at 9 am.
who is the creator of this ai
My daughter's anniversary is Thursday.  Send me a reminder
Open pandora
Was there a problem with topping up?
let me know if my application for american saving bank
please tell me the routing number for my wells fargo account
using my card in tulsa won't cause me to be charged extra will it
please add cleaning on my list to do
i would love an italian meal suggestion
Explain how to verify my identity?
how long do i cook this for
what's on my list
Olly play the latest downloaded podcast
Arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
Do I have to manually top-up my account each time or will it do it on its own?
does restaurant xy deliver takeaway?
Turn the living room lights to 100%
how can i prevent my credit score from dropping
it was wonderful.
add new item
what is the best way to cook pasta al dente
Can I use a check to get gas?
can you convert millimeters to centimeters
the balance has not changed, but I have deposited some money
I couldn't transfer money to a beneficiery
Why am I being charged more on exchange with things I bought abroad?
for how long have you existed
what is my health plan
Looks like my card payment was cancelled.
what is the news today in polk county florida
how clogged are the streets before the stadium
Robot, vacuum the hallway now
can you add a new email to my contacts
turn down the sound
what's your age again
sorry but that is not the right answer.
His new award?
olly just stop please.
What do the disposable cards do?
continue playing where I left off
cancel the reservation for joe and i right now for the zephers reservation we had booked
how long should i cook the eggs for
will you speak what i have just said once more please.
continue audiobook playback
Can you show me the popular posts from Facebook today?
could you repeat that please.
set a thanks giving event for friday
s1, please once again clarify to me.
A transfer has been made in my account that I need to cancel.  This was a mistake on my part and I hope we can get this resolved quickly.
What on my list to do today evening.
what is the traffic like today
whats your take on the meaning of life
bye!
Call Sarah.
s1, please further explain me about the last sentence.
which event should i attend in my area
today i had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart play me a nice song to the mood
Set mute for 20 mins
Which teams are playing today in the premier league?
i need you to book a train ticket that leaves at two pm
Alexa turn off the livingroom lights.
i need to report fraudulent activity on my card
The amount of cash I received was different than what I requested.
What is the news this morning
Which currencies can I use to add money?
things to do in my area
what is the process for setting up a pin
when will i get to orlando
What are the steps to verify identity?
How can I activate my new card? I didn't recieve any information with it about how to do so.
could not understand it.
is the expressway slow this morning
should i get any vaccines before going over to the uk
How long to UK transfers usually take? I made a transfer but it didn't pop up in my history yet. I just want to make sure it went through.
Play famosa radio for me
get me a local restaurant
change your settings so that your respond to the name marion
lets look up my credit score
What restaurants around here have good reviews?
open train ticket app
i think it was not the correct answer.
I was charged the wing amount for an item.
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal does not show up properly?
can i use an ordinary plug in scotland
What do you want to do today? Play outside
Please answer Jean's e-mail.
i applied for a new credit card; did it process yet
olly please cancel.
What day & time is it in Manila?
Where can i top my card for free?
Where is my pin? I don't have it yet
please tell my bank i'll be in anchorage this week
What is the condition of traffic from work to home.
can this room have green light
for my visa what's my reward balance
what time is it in the other time zones
Will I be sent a new card before mine expires?
I'm on holiday and I noticed a different amount for exchange rate.  Can you explain?
what is currently trending on twitter
would i be able to swap apples for grapes
find a new voice that is slower than your current voice
restaurant delivery update
please pause this audio book now
can you tell me the status of my delta flight
can i protect my credit score
someone is using my account
will you reset.
How long will it take to deliver to the US?
give me the list of the top five safest cars to buy
speak quieter
tune in some radio
Where is the top-up verification code located?
want to get a new card in china
i'd like an espresso
olly can you stop it.
How much is the charge to top up my card?
I was supposed to receive my new card by now, but it hasn't came in.
call me mary
should I plan to shovel my way out of the house
can you tell me the contact information of jo
shit, you've done a task wrong.
how are you this fine day
There are some payments with my card that I don't know where they are coming from. Just checked today and it's been since a couple days as well! What to I do? Can I revert this retrospectively? My card needs to be frozen immediately as well!
tell me the singer of this track
call me an uber for right now
turn down the lights to medium
do i need a rain coat today
reply email
who do yo work for
what is the forecast for the week
Olly, set a reminder for my meeting today.
what is the headline from Chicago Tribune?
My contactless payments don't work.
May I get my salary paid out in a different currency?
Is there a charge for sending out more cards?
Cortana, search local events in zip code 12121.
open a reminder about next weeks managers meeting on tuesday
how can i fix my card being declined
please show me the local weather
can you spell the word umbrella for me
can you speak it again please.
please give me the time
set an alarm for five minutes from now
what percentage do i pay in taxes
My wallet doesn't show my recent top up.
Play Maroon 5, Moves Like Jagger
when is my pay period
What is the process for setting up and account for my child?
How can I verify my indentity?
remind me to pick up john from the airport tonight at eight
What method do you use for the exchange rate?
how can i convert centimeters to inches
what apple trading at
Where can I use this card?
what is your preferred name
change the color of lights
what are the gps coordinates where i am located
well done, thank you so much.
give a hand to this game
what kind of greek food is good for dinner
Please tell me how to get a card if I reside in the US.
please let me know what my current bank balance is
can I be charged for topping up by card
bed room two lights off
please get me a flight booked from miami to dallas on american airlines
How many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood?
I was charged a fee for my transfer.
tell me that once again.
yes you got answer correcly.
make me laugh
In what places can I use my card?
when did my car get serviced last
can you call robby
play david bowie
give me the traffic at lexington
cancel.
how to keep my credit score from going down
i missed that, say it again
I'm waiting on a top-up, its still pending
speak spanish please
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
do you have any pet at all
how can you convert miles to kilometers
turn the plug off
Can i get the time?
what kind of gas should i put into this car
What could possibly be the cause of my failed transfer?
start and email to John Smith
oh no, i didn't say it.
remove my to do list
what's my credit rating
Why did my credit card get declined for top up?
Do i need to carry an umbrella tomorrow
Can I get a refund?
how long until i need to change my oil
Help me please!  My card was stolen!
How can I check on the delivery status of my card?
where is the nearest k mart
help me get my pay check deposited directly to my home checking account
are carrots added to the grocery list
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
go to the podcast and play the next episode in friends
there's been some fraudulent activity on my card
pause the book
Olly what does the shirt look like?
i think you have gotten it incorrectly.
how come my transfer declined
what amount of gas do i have in my car
How do I get an actual card?
I was charged for the same thing twice
I have a meeting with Justin and Katrina for Friday.
Add this event to my calender
Set alarm of only monday morning 6 a. m.
i am going to switch to greek
put "get tires checked" on my calendar
please play the song games by disturbed
s1, will you please further explain me about what you said.
auto-top up option can be found where?
please tell me an interesting tidbit about the roman empire
i want to find out what my credit score is
stock up or down for walgreens
how long until my order arrives
Look up animal and give me the definition
How much is 1 INR to USD?
What's happening in america?
Where do I find the virtual card?
can you check the air in my tires
start playing american gods where i last stopped
life
down the volume
check for the availability of shops nearby
Can you provide me a disposable virtual card?
How do I reset my PIN?
best bar in local area
who built the prado museum
please retry.
tell me whats on the web
My top-up hasn't gone through, what happened?
Please tell me if July has sent me any emails.
what is a sloth
what is the difference between bake and broil
look up how much my state taxes are
will it get over 90 degrees today
What do I do since the machine swallowed my card. I need one.
I went to do a transfer and it was declined.
i have set reminders
I think I lost my card . I dont know how long it has been missing. Can you see if maybe someone else has been using it?
i want to change the light colors
Will i need to be warm
would you let me know what is on my shopping list
ONE DANCE
what is the shipping status of my replacement card
I would like to get an account for my child.
what lists available
if i take this bus, how long until i get to brooklyn
purchase me the kyrie 4s
does delta allow more than one carry on when traveling to miami
why have i not got my new card?
convert g. m. t. to ist
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and cad
awesome work, you've done well.
What will be the weather today afternnon
How old is Jennifer Lopez?
Olly, Turn the light off in the living room
What's the time of day right now?
add this tune to my jazz playlist
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not do.
Can you assist on apple watch top ups?
send a tweet to dominoes about bad delivery
erase my appointment for march seven
when's my meeting with richard
give me the details on purchase order
What is time now in California.
book a reservation for 6 at shakey's under the name jason
How tall is Micheal Jackson?
Is there a charge for using an European bank card for top up?
what cd is this song on
how hot is it in quebec
by switch off
how are my state taxes looking
My refund isn't showing up on my statement.
would it be smart to get a plug converter when i visit israel
I have a payment listed in error.
What is the exchange rate between USD an ...?
march 2nd through march 18th, i'm going to need a jeep in frankfort
how many dollars are in a pound
send email to gary
have no idea regarding to which to select.
If there isn't much money left over, will it top-up automatically?
what do i need to do to make blackberry pie
please play the song that goes like america the beautiful
are there international transactions fees for rainbow card
absolutely correct
nope, incorrect command.
how's the lo mein rated at hun lee's
Where is an Olive Garden that does takeaway?
i would like to thank you ai
get the forecast of my destination city next week
remind me to eat when i get home
will u take care of the home security system?
that is of no importance for me, olly.
tell me something interesting about los angeles
I'm having trouble verifying my ID.
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
make a list of all the halloween events going around in new york
olly please cancel.
explain further on last sentence to me please.
what genre of music is in my music folder
Play the Kansas City hip hop station
is it safe to travel to iceland
How come my money hasn't shown up yet?
hi olly please cancel all the programs for friday
can you you confirm my reservation for jean at taco house
Where can I update my pin number?
open up tetris
check if alarm is set for six am
How do I use a disposable virtual card?
love me some brad paisley
Please show me detail of prvious played song.
where can i deposit a check
it must be some mistakes.
Which six flags ride is the best?
I withdrew some cash, when is it going to show?
include an item to a list
oh no, i didn't say this.
any latest updates for the games.
isn't it a lovely song please save this for me
turn on wemo
set an alarm for thursday at seven pm
what are the things that i have for today
remove a list of accessories purchase last week
Is there a way to use this app with a disposable virtual card?
I requested a higher amount for my cash withdrawal
I tried to transfer funds to a beneficiary and was denied. Can you tell me why?
how is the traffic on the way to the mall
send 20 dollars from savings to checking
how many days until i am off
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
how do you feel
resume play on my most recent audiobook selection
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
What time is my reservation for this Saturday?
may i ask you to dim the lights
do i meet with joan today
you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
i think it is not correct response.
if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california
open the door
From my play list filter devotional songs and play write now or me
what ingredients do i need for tomato soup
Can I order a new card with the app?
In 5 sentences let me know the procedure of making Thanksgiving Turkey
How long does it take for a money transfer to show?
write a complaint to best buy
I want to listen to George Strait.
is yemen closer to japan or india
when do i have to pay my internet
how long can i leave pizza in the fridge
My card is gone I think it was stolen
you've done it right appreciated.
check and see what will be the weather condition in new jersey at eight am tomorrow
Can someone explain why I'm getting a message on my screen saying my transfer isn't possible? I've done several in the past and haven't had a single problem until now. What's going on?
I want to top up by card, what do you support?
how do i replace my insurance
Can you play the podcast from tomatojuice.com?
how much can i bleed before i die
can you do a coin flip for me ai
thanks but i think you did not get response correctly.
I did a transaction to a wrong account!
what is the time in the usa
I would like a refund on the extra pound I was charged.
What locations allow me to withdraw money?
divide one thousand five hundred by one hundred and sixty
Someone took my card without permission
How long should I simmer rice for?
How can I check how much free spending I have left? I have some big purchases coming up and want to know where I can look for any info.
Load a fun game that I can play with you.
give me some recipes for sheperds pie
is there a starbucks close to home
how long would i need to wait for a table at ihop right now
Can you tell me about any local events coming up?
how long untill i get home
well done, i appreciate it.
wake me up at 6 am
I was charged the wing amount for an item.
the exchange rate on my payment was wrong
tweet complaint to american eagle customer service
cancel whisper mode
show difference of kids in planets
Do you have a list of cards and currencies you support?
do not really mind to choose any one.
How can I tell what the limit is to top-ups?
either one would work
what does deceive mean
Where can I see where funds came from?
what is ten times ten
i must switch to the male voice
what ingredients are in filet mignon
i want to hear the last one you said again.
There is an error, the app says I made an ATM withdrawal and I didn't.
Why did my card payment get declined?
olly would you shut off.
How do i request more physical cards?
please would you shut up.
where do i go to order more checks for my well's fargo account
what do i have scheduled for next week
Delete next calendar event
this is unimportant with me, olly.
I made a payment with my card that was cancelled?
I don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
i'd like to know when you were born
tell me something funny about the middle ages
What is the answer to 4+4?
turn on my plug
How come my money hasn't shown up yet?
Olly, today was too busy
How many people are following me on twitter now?
i must know the interest rate on my bank of america cd account
send email to my wife
let us start over please.
tell me if you like cats or dogs
what do tourists do in tokyo
create a new list please
is my order at domino's ready
set repeat event in calendar
timezone in salt lake city
There is a payment that is not mine in the App.
Obtain latest news
my set alarms
who plays this song
dammit, you've done task in wrong manner.
what is the correct time
yeah that was fantastic.
You should reply to the mail.
it's dirty here, make some noise!
Why did a transaction I made charge me $1?
how much will i have to pay in state taxes
set the alarm to seven am for work
Tell me about any pending reminder
What time will it rain tomorrow?
How many reminders are there for tommorrow
has my visa card application been approved yet
there is money in my account that i didnt put there
lets play pinball
How do i activate my card
what will the date be in 10 days
i need to go to phoenix sky harbor airport using uber
please can you tell me that word said once again.
the time in cairo please
remove the june 12 event called sasha's wedding from my calendar
Tell me my latest email
I did not get the right amount of money when I used a different country's currency.
I am going to need  sunglasses this morning?
hey please provide information about events by the end of the day
what expression would i use to say i love you if i were an italian
Can I add money to my account via bank transfer?
show lates events around newyork
add the new email to my contacts
bed room 2 switch off the lights.
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
At what temperature should I bake cookies?
My card payment is still pending.
What reasons would cause my card payment to be cancelled?
What type of music do I enjoy?
Should I bring a jacket with me tonight?
how is the traffic in broadway street
What would cause a transfer failure?
Please let me know the morning alarm time for Weekdays
How can I receive my salary with a different currency?
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email
make me smile by telling a joke
My card seems to not be working at all.
tell me a clean joke
what are the train times for...
use email to let chris know i will be late
how much money do i make
What events do I have today?
reset to your natural settings
PDA: What's 1/2 cup plus 2/3rd cup
how you are
Plays the podcast from the beginning
Why did I not get the amount of money I requested?
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's broken?
retry please.
tweet insight cable's customer service and tell them i have been waiting on hold for thirty minutes
What are then rules on beneficiaries?
can you schedule a meeting with damon for 1
can you please check and confirm the detail.
what is the conversion of $30 in canadian dollars
Tell me about the latest politics news.
I didn't cancel my card payment.
is the coffee ready
play ___ playlist
I believe that the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawl is incorrect.
any cultural events in california
how you know me
Why did the funds for one of my purchase come back to my account?
i've cancelled the order placed at mcd did it go through
what's the right way to spell indict
would you elaborate again to me please.
let's get a timer set for 5 minutes
respond to graham and let him know that i will be free tomorrow
good job with assisting me
anything is good to me.
i would like to order takeaway
What are the results of the election?
Why isn't my top up working using my saved American Express in ApplePay?
How tall is Hulk Hogan?
do i have enough gas to get to buffalo
tell me how to retrieve my pin number
It seems like my card payment didn't work.
how many teaspoons make up in 1 tablespoon
tell me sum of five and six
would you know where to find my phone
when do i need to get my tires changed
how were you made
can you set my alarm for seven thirty am
Show me what I did today.
that is wrong
Tell me when I need to leave the airport
appreciate your helps, olly.
doesn't really matter with me, olly.
Do you support direct deposits from my employer?
show me the alarms i've set
What are the steps I need to take to verify my identity?
please call gusto handcrafted pasta & pizza and ask them about the status of my reservation for 6:30 pm
i need to set a reminder to call lisa for her birthday
What are my options for topping up, automatic and/or manual?
what's the latest joke
The exchange rate was not correct for the item I bought.
lower hallway lights
need background information about person X
PDA name: can you play my favorite music
What does rice wine go with?
buy me today train ticket to city A.
How do I deal with a blocked PIN?
traveling to the uk am i going to need any specific shots
be my friend
What are the fees to get a physical card?
can you forward an episode in the podcast
how do I top up my money automatically
tell me who your boss is
am i able to redeem my credit card points for an amazon gift card
what's the most popular curry place in town
heading to gym please post to facebook
how healthy is shepard's pie
i need to swap salt for baking soda
movies making money.
is it safe to eat chicken that has been in the fridge since monday
Do I have any events set?
turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
i need more milk
My card is lost! What can I do?
show me nearby musical events
where do I go to top up with cash?
what pets are with you
Is there a fee to order a physical card?
Can my salary be received and transferred to my current currency in my country?
Show me painting exhibition in bay area
turn on wfrn ninety nine point one
Play December holiday list
how much are the foreign transaction fees in brisbane
A cheque deposit hasn't posted to my account, when will my balance update?
whatever is good with me, olly.
can you remove this event from my calendar
Olly, I need a funny joke to tell Sam.
i am really not sure
Explain the extra ATM fees.
I believe I left my smartphone at the hotel I was staying at.
what is the time in another city?
can you give me information about the nutrition facts for celery
add alarm
Why can't I withdraw money?
Hey olly read any new email to me
How do I get refills to my card when I'm traveling?
contact uber and have them pick me up
read the ticket for tesla
How long will a transfer from Europe take?
Can I transfer my paycheck to the account?
start coffee at six am
I am travelling for two more weeks but really need to change my PIN asap. What do I do?
I can't use my card.
lower the light level in my house
add to calendar and repeat
i would not really know, olly.
I checked the app and saw an extra cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize
can you get me a table for 3 at captain d's at 2pm
do you know when my next electric bill is due
My details need to be changed, how can I do so?
When did Prince Die?
PLEASE BOOK A TAXI IN UBER FOR ME TO GO TO THE AIRPORT TODAY.
how me the time now in boston
make a reminder to schedule a tire check
Do you know why my card payment has been declined?
I want to transfer from accounts in order to Top up. What are the steps necessary.
can you get me a table for 6 at johnnys
could you please share a joke with me
Is there a way to order a new card while in China?
I have not gotten my daily news yet, can you please brief me a little bit?
may i ask your age
i was not so clear about it.
Please turn down the lights
locate local pizza shops
please give me my current credit score
dim the overhead lights a tad
i do not really know, olly.
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
How long does it take for me to get my new card?
hackernews
what do i need to do in order to redeem my credit card points
how is the new movie swat
you got me incorrect.
Alexa, email my appointments to reschedule
CUT THE SONGS IN THIS MUSICS
Can someone else use my account if they have my phone?  I lost mine.
Why do you need so much id info from me?
Please turn on the Sean Hannity show on AM.
your response is not clear.
Is Bills pager number in my contacts?
cancel alarm for tomorrow
I have a direct debit on my records that is strange and I need help.
make the lights blue please
I want to deactivate my account.
My new landlord is a lier and is trying to rip me off by saying I've not paid my rent when I have paid my rent.  What is going on?  They say the money hasn't got to them but I see it going out of my account.  Can you check that the money went to the right place?
how do i get a new credit card
I was the victim of someone stealing my wallet.  My card is being used and it isn't me.  What should I do?
Have I received new emails in the last 10 minutes?
dea guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
Where can I pay with my debit or credit card?
Why do you have an identity check?
please look up the name of my insurance plan
How much is the charge for a foreign currency exchange?
At what cash machines can I change my PIN?
can u pls change the timezone to us
If I found an error in my account for a transaction I didn't make, how long to I have to dispute it?
no that is not right
Can you tell me which movie is going on in the nearby multiplex?
What will I be charged for a physical card?
turn house lights off
turn off the lights in this room please
how can i make chicken pot pie
bring me ticket of train to city leeds
What areas are cards delivered to?
please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code twenty nine thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
Is a non-electronic card available as well
i want to order some takeout food
will you replay what you have said please.
Tell me why my balance did not change when I tranferred cash.
Can I use cash to top up my account?
I deposited some money, but the balance has not changed.
Can you deliver the PIN separately?
will you say once again please.
yeah right response.
Do I need a hat?
tell me summary forecast microsoft stock forecast to thirty days ahead
I just saw a fee on my account. When do these get charged?
Define 'juggernaut'.
What if I need to use GBP instead of USD?
I need some more lights.
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
Find me the local NPR station.
Whats types of currency can I exchange?
Can you explain why I am now getting charged a fee for using my card?
Someone transferred money to me and it doesn't show
on every tuesday remind me to go shopping
I was given less cash then I wanted.
My account balance has not gone up even though I just transferred money into it
object info
list all the shops that are located in milan
thank you very much for doing that.
what day is it today
flip a coin, i choose heads
check delivery options for the restaurant
find the joke about the orange and the banana
check when the show starts
don't really mind for whatever.
i am ready now to cash in on the many credit card points i have saved up
play some boy band music
inform me how many pounds are in 10 kilos
MY transfer has still not appeared.
call a cab
What are the fees for using transfer to top off my account?
it is useful, thank you, olly.
I wish to be able to top up with cash.
can locate some gospel music
i would like to know the meaning of word
Show me the train schedules to the Metropolitan Opera House.
tell me some joke
run game
turn the security light off
How can I add a new card?
what is the status for what i requested for my vacation
Is there a limit to how much I can top-up?
i need a gold class ticket on train number five using my credit card
catch you later
i need to cancel my reservation for 2 at franklin's grille
notification of meeting on Wednesday
What is 200 divided by 10
is there a routing number for wachovia
olly that is enough, just stop it.
start my playlist on i heart radio
how do i update my pin number for my account
is it true that susan's birthday is on march first
define rumplestiltskin
I would like to make a transfer. How much does it cost?
send message to carl, you suck
Please play the song Everytime I see you
can you please check on the status of my online order
send the email to john
it's great one.
what's a fun fact about elephants
how old is Emma Watson newest boyfriend?
help me find a roundtrip flight for may 7th through the 20th from pittsburgh to chicago
How can I stop someone from using my card after I lost it yesterday.
give me the latest updates
Please play Jennifer Lopez album
play the newest morning show podcast
can you tell me the date
do i need to get vaccinated to go to thailand
I made a cash withdrawal and it is still listed as a pending transaction.
disable wemo socket
how much is fifty us dollars with in china
Disaster, I've totally forgotten my passcode, can you help me?
switch on the green light in playroom
How can I change my name because I just got married?
PDA give me international news
Why did my transfer not work?
tell me everything i included on my list of things to remember for later
you've done that correctly appreciated.
alter your language choice to dutch
Cannot access my top up.
Turn off all the lights in the living room and den
house change all lights to blue
what benefits does my insurance provide
Why is this not letting me exchange crypto? I need help making this transaction go through.
i need to know what this song is called
Help me order my card.
x card has earned how many points
Give me the name of all the shops in my area
please will you replay.
i believe that to be false
Channel X
I have a payment that is still pending
could you tell me about the alerts i have set
is rice good for me
does my shopping list have tomato written on it
Lists
what creates buttermilk
s2, this is not so clear to me.
Why am I seeing a transfer fee?
track my order
I tried to withdraw $100, all it gave me was $20.
tweet a complaint to local municipality
Change the station to 82.4
how do i make cookies
Tweet a message to suq.com that I am still waiting for my delivery
do i have an appointment next week
please update me the traffic status
open grocery list and add milk
does this car get good mpg on the highway
Why hasn't my transaction arrived to my friend yet?
where can i find out why my card was recently declined at amazoncom
turn the lights higher
check if any alarm is there after 5am
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
go to radio
can you play beats one radio
Why was there an additional fee on the payment I just made? I don't usually have additional fees applied to my payments.
I want to shut down my account as soon as possible.
what goes with risotto
I think my top up has been reverted
Can I order out?
Can you look to make sure the exchange rate is correct
yes exact response.
are there any recent emails from rohit
top news
How do I delete an account?
set up an alarm clock at one pm
tell me the current dollar ratio for the us and canada
Hey, do you know any jokes?
Take off the doctor's appointment on march 20th.
find my email for date
remind me every year on this date of
Why are you charging fees on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after buying groceries. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
I need to renew a card that's about to expire
please take away the fries from the shopping list
What events are ongoing today in Biloxi
Write a tweet to Burger King expressing my disapproval
When is my next work day?
I want to listen to up beat music.
s2, last sentence was not clear.
can i get new checks to replace the ones we ran out of
book a train ticket for me
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for 23rd March
Open podcasts and play my favorites list.
Olly, how long does it take for the train to get to Orlando?
Is there a limit for age?
Oh no!  I lost my card!  Help!
tell my bank that i will be taveling to south korea
I tried to top-up, why didn't it work?
Enter event for Mondays only
Why has my deposit in the ATM not cleared yet?
add this email to my contacts
i believe that my luggage was lost
is it just visa or can i also use mastercard?
show me nearby musical events
what is my routing number for home federal account
Is there a way to order a virtual card on the website?
When will my chinese food arrive?
what can i do since my car battery died
Which currency is greater the US dollar or Yen?
where can i look up x's routing number
which insurance plan am i enrolled in, please
i need to get up at seven am
is mr pizza on skip the dishes
Get the cleaning on.
why have i not got my new card?
let's whisper
check the traffic to our home
what's the definition of remunerative
tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job
i'd like to know about setting up direct deposit
If I am not in the country and I need to change my PIN, how can this be done?
do i have enough fuel to get to buffalo
transfer money to another account
Find ... podcast and play it.
Can you help me with a weird charge?  It's a pound charge that never goes away from the statement view on the app I'm using.  It's not described as anything but "Pending", and that status has never changed during the last two days.
can you continue audiobook the circle
It does not appear that my message went through.
There are some card payments that I haven't done myself. What is going on with my card and does somebody else have access to my card?
do i have any meetings today between 9 and 10
please set the alarm for eight pm wednesday evening
How come I have pending transfers?
are storms likely today?
Do you accept cheques for top ups?
make new list
Play poker with me.
What is the time for a transfer?
please make me nice coffee
can you help me get on a new united healthcare insurance plan
send 50 dollars between bank of america and chase accounts
Olly, play a random podcast on my list.
Set a calendar event to repeat yearly/weekly/monthly on this date
please confirm it.
order a latte from starbucks
It seems that something went wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds but have been charged entirely too much!
I need to top up using a cheque
any sport event is on my list
what site can i get my w2
system pull any traffic news for my commute
what's the traffic like on my way to the terminal
I'm getting an error when trying to make a payment. I want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through. Can you help me?
please sound an alarm three hours before a scheduled event
check gmail for last hour
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct answer.
message @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
i am going to speak english now
Hi I'm sending some money over to an investment bank I do business and the transaction is being rejected. I'm not sure why as I think I have the right details.
Can an apple watch be used to tup-up?
what is the difference between yesterday's and today's stock prices for walmart
What is the age limit?
what amount of tax should i pay
how small of a payment can i make for my chase card bill
whats the status of my delta flight
do i have a name to you
Pending transfer?
what is twenty three times fifty two
what's the routing number for my checking account
yeap fantastic.
yeap perfect.
please use a male voice
is "rescind" a word of positive connotation
what is the status quo for traffic right now
i need to let my bank know i will be in america from april to may
how do i handle the situation if i lost my luggage
set alarm at ten am
play lady by kenny roger
if i lost my luggage, what should i do next
Vacuum living room.
can you translate where's the bar into irish for me
I would like to know how much I can top-up.
u. s. d. position now
queue True Love
what am i supposed to be doing today
PDA, Do you know any gossip?
Is calendar event false?
cancel all meetings for today
hows many more reminders are left
tell me today's fun fact
sent email to
would you try what you said again.
What do they have going on for festivals downtown?
How long does it take to get a refund on something I bought?
what hour now
remove apple from list
can you repeat please.
File Downloading
Why are there additional fees for transfers?
is bacon on my shopping list, add if it's not
PDA, Tell me how the world began.
what awards did erica grebe win last night
WHAT TIME OF DAY IS IT IN LONDON?
i want to hear sleeptime playlist next
please clarify me more on what you just said now.
turn off the upstairs bathroom light
what is the status of my vacation request
What is your exchange rate between UK pounds and Russian rubles for my last transaction
that is of no importance for me.
Can you please tell me how long it takes for the transfer to be available.
I don't want to use this method to identify myself.
i must rollover my 401k
Your top-up function isn't working, it still says pending even though I know my card works.
Which part of the app do I order virtual cards from?
save settings
that is enough.
do i have any appointments coming up
Olly, schedule my doctors appointment on friday at 2 PM.
more about the concert in St. Pete
where should i look for my credit card expiration day
how much is the bill for my water and electricity
What is the exchange rate for the english pound and us $
Turn down volume
I made a top up yesterday but it's still pending.
Select the next episode in the podcast please.
Directions to Disney World
please do not respond
what is the identity check?
how much does my bank account have
Send Mom an email about the upcoming weather for the week.
Hi, I am calling about a recent transaction that has happened on my account.  I recently went to the ATM, and tried to make a withdrawal on my account.  I just happened to check my transaction slip and noticed a fee for my withdrawal.  How can I resolve this, I didn't know fees were charged for this type of action.
please make me a cappuccino
i think you don't get answer right.
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party
How are your exchange rates calculated?
What happens if the ATM doesn't give me back my card?
My cash withdrawal says pending, why?
go to the next episode
no, you gave me wrong information.
what is the plot of the most recent will smith movie
Please crank up Huey Lewis and The News.
turn up speakers
play something by The Used.
I was charged a fee for a card payment. Why?
Is there any events are in the local area?
Can you tell me why my transfer is failing and help resolve?
hey there
My phone was stolen, help!
how do i jump start the car
what are my newest emails
If I have a credit card with you how I get set up to link to it?
Where can I exchange my money for EUR?
tell me a good joke
how do i alter my insurance policy
How long does it take for a transfer?
check for this mail in my contact if not then add it
play next on podcast
any important notifications
Will there be any charges for money received?
I recently bought something in foreign currency and I am unsure of the exchange rate. Is this rate applied correctly?
reminders
i need to update the pin number of my aaa visa
Transfer isn't working?
where can i get the form for my taxes
how is my order
i don't really care.
plays the podcast from the beginning
find area
what carry-on restrictions does southwest impose
How can I top up my card with another card?
Where do I go to update details?
clarify me further on last sentence please.
GIVE AN FULL DETAILS OF PDA'S
I didnt get the correct exchange rate for getting cash
I was using foreign currency at an ATM, but the rate was typed in wrong.
Why did I only receive this much currency?
thanks for the answer
send an email to adele
Lower lights in kitchen
this was not clear.
I have a confusing payment appear on my statement and I don't recognise it!
that's not the right answer.
can i please have a cafe americano
Switch off the smart socket
dim my light
s1, explain further please.
I need to verify my identity
what's the description for the alarm at eleven am
do you know the name of your boss
What could possibly be the cause of my failed transfer?
will it be good to buy nike stock today
What is the first step I need to make for being able to access my account?
Are there limits on auto top-up?
please add smithjoe@email dot com to the contact information for joe smith
My salary is in GBP - what should I do?
what time does the train were on arrive at the next station?
I might be paranoid, but someone may be using my card.
places i can use the card
what was the stock price for google yesterday
what can you do for me
can you find me a recipe for pasta
yes, that's accurate
would you please check and confirm my last command.
send an email to john that i am on my way to home
i want you to address me in italian
tell me how health chocolate is
what music genre do i listen to the most
I made a terrible mistake when typing in my account number.  I accidently sent money to the wrong account.  I noticed the app won't allow me to void the transaction.  Can someone help me with this immediately?
Go backward 30 seconds.
resume series podcast
Hi, I'm buying my son Bertie a starter home in London.  I'm just trying to send the 5% deposit over to the agent. It's only £200,000 but seems to be throwing an error.  What is going on?  If I wait any longer the house prices might rise, can you look in to it please?
when is my takeaway arriving
i want to hear tum hi ho next
generate fresh list
how long does it take to get downtown by bus
i want to know when to expect my next paycheck
Is my order at domino's ready?
silence please
are there any delays in traffic today
how do i jump start my vehicle
you said that wrong.
Tell me why my card payment was declined.
My payment had a wrong exchange rate.
would you tell me if you are a human or are a computer
i need a w2, so where is it
How do I use the top up app with my apple watch?
I tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
play neil sedaka
how much is my bill for capital one
appreciated, olly.
Start poker game with me.
Why didn't the money I transferred into my account get added to my balance?
what movies are out this week
tell me that one more time please.
i want to make an alarm
what do i have on my list for shopping
What can I do if contactless doesn't work?
can you tell me the song we are listening to
Is it possible to give a second card for this account to my daughter?
do you serve for home delivery?
what is the status on my latest order
can you tell me what time it is
please put washing the dishes on my list of tasks to accomplish
Check my social networks
did i schedule any meetings for today
I went to an ATM to get cash, but the app says the withdrawal is still pending. How is that possible when I already have the cash with me?
who should i talk to about the fact that i inadvertently split my card almost in half
Using international ATMs messes up the exchange rate.
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer immediately. I cannot do anything from the app.
add appointment in the list
what is the traffic condition of florida
Is it possible to change my address?
I checked the app and my balance has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
how busy will golden corral be at 7:30 tonight
The exchange rate was different when I got cash
direct deposit information
Can you tell me what i steps i should take since my card was stolen?
show me where i can find a hamburger
Why isn't the transferred money there?
Have I received any emails with tracking numbers?
Can Google Pay be used for top up, please help?
Disable the alarm at xx:xx am/pm
i'm looking for a back and forth flight from lax to portland for w to sunday
change the name that you call me
in paris, what's the timezone
what traffic can i expect on the way to the newark, new jersey from philadelphia
Is there a reason my payment is still pending?
want to wake up can you order a cappochino
My cash withdrawal shows pending, why?
one am set
that does not matter for me, olly.
take soda from my shopping list, and while you're at it add tea
will i have to wait long for a table at pietro's this evening
what does peer-to-peer actually mean
yeah you've got my instructions correcly.
What do I have to do to get a Visa credit card?
i'd like to call you alex
can you answer all types of questions
why do some people still think the earth is flat
what week of the year does the summer season start
is there any consensun regarding lifes true meaning
open saga
My refund has not shown up in my account.   Where is it?
i'm travelling to spain soon and want to inform my bank
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
Run music from this playlist
Checkout top restaurant near me and order Shahi panner.
is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
are there any new emails in outlook
There is a card payment I do not recognise.
let carl know that he sucks
make a reservation for chik-fil-a at 3 o' clock please
how low can i reduce my phone bill before paying
How many new emails since I last checked?
Can I get a disposable virtual card?
Make lights brightener
would you please confirm details.
when will my oil change be due for this car
My card expires soon, will you send me one automatically?
How can I get my money back on an order. I haven't gotten the item yet, so I want to cancel the order. How?
get louder
What lists have I created?
How can my new card be activated?
what interest rate am i getting from nfcu
When will I get my card?
what is mary s.'s phone number
Can I unblock my card using the app?
what is the dollar price in inr
so are you human
describe the statue of liberty
Get me fresh news.
running competitions on the west side
What are the various currencies and cards that you offer support for?
I requested a refund and it is missing.
are you a real person or artificial intelligence
How is the traffic in Florida?
what is my credit limit on my discover card
Olly, tweet a message to At&t and tell them my service is bad.
turn on the plug
is new this a good insurance plan for me
shall we meet for today's party
move my money to the other account
reply to the latest email
how does yelp report the enchiladas are at jose's taco shop
make me coffee in five minutes
do i need a visa to travel to indonesia
dollar rate
select a different color for the lights
broadcast the health show from the kitchen
am i free between six to seven pm
how long to be seated at carrabas
What are the steps to verify my identity?
is one divisible by three
Tell me about the height of mount everest.
announce a comment in facebook
Where's my top up code?
how much is two thousand yen in u. s. d.
increase the light in the room
PDA please delete this calendar event
what is 15 ounces in grams, please
Have have a small charge on my account from someone I purchased with but I'm not sure what it relates to.
What's my schedule today?
what are your exchange rates at?
can you tell me if i have any alarms set
cancel all alarms
start the smart plug
can you roll a 6 sided dice
I wanted to transfer money to another account, but now I don't have to so I'd like to cancel said transfer. How can I do that?
can i get reservations at applebees
I need to report a stolen card
What is tomorrows weather predicitons?
create an event gym day on monday and set it to repeat
PDA: What do I need to make pot roast
can i have timing of keral express
What is the length of a transaction completion?
what do you like doing in your free time
how would i go about raising my gold card limit
I want the lights less brighter
can you let me know what my credit limit is for my visa card
list all events and delete
let me know the amount i spent on food last month
order chinese food
Yesterday I topped up my card. Why didn't it complete as it still pending?
my tires are 29 months old should u change them
I'm not sure how to complete the identity checks process.
please remove the first list
tell me how to change my insurance policy
Do you allow currency exchanges?
Olly, weather conditions for the next day
Why have I not received my PIN
check order number
Convert eastern time to western time.
what do i need to buy
My money I had was gone and I could not get gas!
Post this video to Facebook.
give me today's market trends for panasonic
play the bob and tom show
Please reduce the speaker volume
olly add my upcoming meeting to my calendar
Check my Twitter account
how do you convert milliliters to ounces
Where can I go to update my personal profile?
Please mute the speakers
how are my tires
What value can I get for my currency?
What currency's can i exchange for?
Where do I verify my identity?
take away my alarm for tomorrow at four thirty am
what company's software engineers gave you life
move three hundred and fifty dollars from my citibank savings account to my chase savings account
How long does it take for money to transfer as my balance hasn't been updated
just set me reminders about pending payment of children school fees
Find jazz music on my playlist
play recently added audiobook
My contactless is non-functional.
alert my bank and tell them that i will be in vermont
will i pay over $500 in federal taxes
find stock price for name
What is the Yen Us Dollar exchange rate?
what is on my shopping list
i wouldn't bother.
What is the weather going to be like this week.
My identity can't be verified.
remove next meeting today in my calendar
you did great work, thanks.
post this picture on twitter
I need to play Sims
please will you shut off.
Remove car insurance from bills list
How long should my new card take to arrive?
can you look who is at the door
check last thing i said.
PDA, why is kirsten dunst so ugly?
how many points have i earned with my chase card
begin again book swan
There is random cash in my account.
great work, you did well, olly.
let my credit card company know that my card split in half
i bent my card, can you report it to my bank
The definition of beauty.
can we speak in english rather than zulu
how to get new card?
what is the timing of bagmati express
Please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
what kind of mileage does this car get
How do I verify my source of funds?
set a reminder up next month to get my oil changed
doesn't really matter for me.
tell me current time
retry what i've just said please.
turn off the speakers
yeah that's confirmed.
I think someone might have a copy of my card because a 500 dollar withdrawal was made, and it wasn't me. Can you please help?
can you give me the details of indian embassy
PDA add Gold Digger to queue
be my clock
How long will my transfer be pending?
reset please.
Where can I order a card when I am in China?
I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can that transaction be reversed? I am worried about accidentally giving my money away.
go to radio
How long it lasted?
i have ten us dollars how many canadian dollars do i have
tell me what is on my shopping list
Turn off the bedroom lamp
olly can you just stop it please.
I thought I was going to receive more currency?
What are the latest tweets on my Twitter account
tell me my visa's credit limit
want to know how to get virtual card
What happened in NYC, Times Square, yesterday at noontime?
olly i want you just stop it.
coordinate all pop song genres
Is the PIN delivered separately?
Is it possible to receive a Visa and a MasterCard?
could you submit a pto request for me from dates oct thirty to nov second
how are the reviews for mcdonald's
Please explain why my payment was declined? I thought everything was good.
Please cook me a hamburger.
what is on my schedule for 9 to 11am tomorrow?
show me where i am
My transfer is still coming up as pending.
Please check on the live football matches this weekend
IVF/IVR
what is the number of points i earned with my mastercard
are there any fun events in LA today?
I did not receive the correct amount for the exchange rate.
get rid of my wake up alarm set for saturday
look at my email
please provide the square root of 36
what is the limit on my credit
remove the alarm
lights brighter
turn my morning alarm on
tell me where the local shopping district is
Reply to Robert's email of today morning.
Can you tell me where my funds come from?
play snake with me
I didn't do a payment and I have it now.
What lists are currently available right now?
I didn't receive the amount of cash I requested for the ATM.
i need an email to be sent to comcastcom about my service issues
my atm cash out is still pending
Remember me to send the presentation today at 1:00pm
I got charged twice with a duplicate card. How do I resolve this?
what day did i last have a technician check out my vehicle
$1 charge in transaction.
How do I know what my PIN is?
How long do bank transfers take to clear
tell me how to set up direct deposit
don't mind.
how much interest am i getting on my savings
please take shoveling the car off my todo list
i need to call my friend
i want to switch my insurance coverage
fantastic response to command.
restore the factory settings
Tune to classic hits
Re-add eggs to the list
What's next song on my playlist.
record
Where is the closest kroger?
read me my reminders list
Which countries are supported
what's my vacation day usage so far
I made a payment that is not yet complete.
what's the traffic like to city hall
What do I do if my smart phone was stolen?
What is the identity check for?
What do I need to do for a refund?
tell me the definition of the word redemption
what is currently trending on twitter
take my lunch plans off the calendar for march 13th
I made a top up yesterday but it's still pending.
Is there a way to set up an auto top-up?
Hae there, I have a transaction that is in progress despite the fact that the ATM was not working, what do I do to avoid being charged?
play the book which i heard on some particular day
i'm happy with your answer
that is right.
How long do I have to wait for Europe transfers?
Do I have anything lists made for christmas shopping?
which film the music comes from what is the name of the music
please reset that.
Can you tell me what happened to my social media?
turn lights off in kitchen
What is your age limit?
please elaborate your answers further.
tweet a complaint to telephone exchange
send an email to rohit saying i am busy tomorrow
whatever.
send money to another account
increase the light
Give me the details on (event)
Deleting calendar events
lets go nazi hunting
what is the best hardware store near me
My phone was stolen, what can I do?
please tell me the procedure to cash in my rewards for my citibank card
sarcastic jokes
add jake's birthday party for friday at 5
what have i got going on between three and four pm today
I may have a fraud charge on my debit statement.
explain further.
olly would you shut off.
did tracy update her facebook status today
listen carefully instructions.
Is there any place I cannot use my card?
why was a extra fee added to my account for transfer ?
Start a  takeaway order for me.
whatever is ok with me.
i'd like to know how acommodate is spelled
could you please check and confirm my last command.
My new card isn't in my app, how do I get it in there?
would i need to get a visa to go to ireland
Where can I check to see if there will be a fee added to my payment? Are there specific instances that will result in a fee added?
today wore me out
i'd like to hear your information spoke again.
what exactly is your name
did i email tom on the subject of gun control
Send email to Mom - Want to go shopping tomorrow?
I made a purchase but never expected to see a fee charged for the transaction.
How come I can see an extra charge for my transfer?
Is it possible to verify a top up?
i want to know if there are meeting rooms available between 9:00 am and 11:00 am
Olly recommend a local steak restaurant.
play golf
can you share the meaning of life
Help! I think someone has made a cash withdrawal with my card!
Tell taxi to pick me up at 4pm.
It's really loud, can you please turn the music down?
can you walk me through setting up direct deposits to my bank of internet savings account
add milk to grocery list
please turn up the volume
How do I top-up automatically?
i'll need you to set a timer for 10 minutes
when is the next train to new york
the app reverted my payment
who is in charge of you when you work
When is Stassi Schroedder's birthday?
Please set a monthly reminder for paying rent.
what do i do to rollover my 401k
is there any type of festival going on in town this weekend
I want to find some good rock music.
please set the alarm for eight pm wednesday evening
I am at the ATM and tried to withdraw 30 pounds and it only gave me 10 pounds, what do I do?
my visa has been stolen by someone
do you my name
find me a good spot for southern comfort food in los angeles
set a wake up call for ten am
Why is my ATM withdrawal still pending?
at the moment what song is playing on the speaker
thanks but it's not the correct command.
play the previous podcast
What are the fees associated with top up via transfer?
i want you to cancel my reservation for 5 at red robin
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Is it necessary to configure this? If so, where is this done?
i need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
that is of no importance for me.
I have double-checked all of my recipient details but for some reason all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have no clue as to why.
can you tell me how much i owe on my cable bill
turn on the tv socket when i arrive home
tweet a customer complaint on the service at the long horn steak house alexa
can you check that i have a reservation on february 28th for 3 in the afternoon
Where is the best pizza on sixth street?
save information about love of beyonc
What happens when my card expires?
Can you tell me why my top-up failed?
can you help me with my 401k rollover since i got a new job
what's the weather looking like
Is there an age limit to when my child can use these services?
Do I have a new email from Eric?
send text message to
What is on the agenda for today?
yes, this is true
Search for emails from my boss, Michael
Can someone please assist me with finding my nearest ATM?
book for me a train ticket to california
may I have a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
Please tell me the score of the game.
s1, could you elaborate me further on this please.
you are helpful, appreciated.
Olly, What's playing in the Roosendaal Cinema?
I dont see my reciept
please confirm it.
can i top up with check?
i need to rent a car in boston for march 2 until march 4
really i would not mind.
i need to know the time it takes to get a new credit card sent to someone who lost theirs
i would like you check and confirm instruction please.
change back to default settings
COULD YOU PLEASE DESCRIBE ME ABOUT THE ITEM SMART PHONE.
I made a payment that seems to be stuck. It's been a couple of days already. Can you tell me how long it will take?
create a pto request for march 21st to march 26th
Do I have any alarms
hey what does incite mean
where is the code for verifying the top up card?
give me the update on traffic at new york
Are there any accidents on my way to work?
ai roll the dice
Take note of my complaint and tweet to @consumer service.
i need a hotel booked in denver near the museum from friday to saturday
when is my meeting with bob
direct deposit my paycheck to my capital one account
Can I have a new card shipped to China?
What is the dollar that I have pending on my statement there?
how much does general tsos chicken cost at peking garden
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
Play Enrique Iglesias song after this one.
joke me
what is the next date for which i can get an oil change appointment
what are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox
how busy it that place for dinner
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
Play next episode of podcast please.
I got a declining message during a transfer? please tell me why
listen to pop songs
i need meteorological data for tallahassee
Why isn't my transfer not going through? I keep getting an error message.
Do I have any new emails from Paul?
What did the clinic say about my exams
When I look at my statement there is an extra fee, that is for what?
tell me your hobbies
How long does it take for a bank transfer to show on my balance?
what does it look like i will be paying in federal taxes this year
are my tires filled properly
i could use some help transfering my 401k
Which countries do you currently support?
what's an example of a good apr and what do i have
give me the time in washington
do you know any fun facts about mt everest
Please add  a new email in my contacts from Sara
tell me how to say, 'it is a beautiful morning' in italian
rock
I need to refund my item, can you please help?
yeap correct response.
My card is about to expire and I need to know how much it costs and how long it takes to get a new one.
please flip the coin over ai
get me directions to meijer
How many people are coming to tonight's dinner?
I want to delete my account. How do I do this?
erase the chore list
repeat please.
how long does it take tomatoes to expire
I want to inactivate my account.
Please tell me what's on my todo list for today.
turn up the lights in the living room
Are there any emails from the school about my conference?
can you read my list back to me
I need a new card and I live in the United States.
i can't find my visa card and i want to report it as lost, please
transfer 200 dollars from paypal to savings
Please cancel the latest ATM charge on my card as my card was declined earlier today and I did not receive that cash.
please fix that command.
which shops can i find in milan
my credit score is
i need a taxi at eight tomorrow morning to take me to work
Why can't I find my PIN?
flag two day after this day as my holiday
which bank will give better rate for currencies I have
Start playing Flappy Bird.
tell me the name of this song
Silence speakers.
pay my cable bill from my checking account
Add mow lawn to things to do list
how many countries are north of alaska
calendar event send invite bill malinda
Wikipedia page about Sean Connery
For what reason would a top up be reverted and returned to my account?
Is there a reason my top up hasn't gone through
I pulled cash from the ATM earlier. Why is it still pending if I already have the cash?
Can you explain your refund policy, please?
can i reserve a table for 2 at the olive garden at 8
create a new list please
Add 'event' to my calendar
help me move my money
tell me whether or not i have a reservation at gramercy tavern for tad
are there any backups on route eighty today
i need to order some food from papa john's
new alarm for six am
I broke my card
is there a takeaway in chipotle restaurant
Someone else used my card to withdraw cash from an ATM
what is the weather in utah
wikipedia page about sean connery
Why can't I see a transfer to my account?
Can my friend send me money if it is not in US dollars?
i need to go to dundee at five am on sunday by train
play next on podcast
how much to wait before dining in the jack in the box at 4 pm
remind me after a month
show me how to top up with my card
What is the reason for the identity check
weather in home town
can i use skim milk instead of 2% in the recipe
I have made several unsuccessful attempts to make a transfer.  I'm getting frustrated at getting error messages and it not going through.
give me a joke about the topic of television
how to keep my credit from dropping
Show me pancakes PDA.
i would like to be told about my credit rating
i want to change the color of the lights
shuffle music
what is on my schedule for tomorrow
Why wouldn't the contactless payment work when I tried to pay at the bus today?
Remind me about Tuesday meeting with client at 10 am.
can you help me pay my phone bill
Remove the 2nd row from the list
do i need a travel visa for the uk
I checked on google and the exchange rate you are using is really bad. Can you update it?
what is apple's stock
What happens if the ATM doesn't give the right amount of money?
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
make an appointment for an oil change
How many miles in 5 kilometers?
deactivate smart plug socket
anything is good with me, olly.
i do not really mind to select any one, olly.
Where is the card I ordered 2 weeks ago?
Add Joe Smith to my calendar for today at 1pm
Do I have enough ingredients in my refrigerator?
Open Pandora and play Hoizer radio.
please elaborate again to me.
check and confirm the last thing i said please.
can you rephrase me further on that.
thanks but i think you're not right.
what festivals are there to see in paris
speaker volume decrease
set a timer for 5 minutes
What other currencies are available to change to?
Add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday.
Can I use app to reset PIN attempts?
do i need more air in my tires
remind me in (x) hours
What price Google up to?
turn up your volume
I made a transfer and the receiver did not get the right amount its lesser than what it should be,Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done
Can it be delivered by a specific date?
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
mp3 play artist
I've been using my account while abroad for a while but only recently I've been charged a fee. Why am I only being charged a fee now.
put on the god of small things
When I purchased a product in another country the currency exchange was incorrect.
can you boil the kettle
Google this. How much Vitamin C is in a carrot.
do i need a visa to travel outside of the us
please look to see if paying bills is on my reminders list currently
Why is my withdrawal still pending?
play me a radio channel for trance music
how do you address my name
after losing a credit card, how long does it take to get a new one
i need one cup of coffee
Turn off my wemo socket
Can you delete all events from my calendar?
what do i do to order new checkbooks for my well's fargo account
i want to travel to new york and i would like to rent a car
do i have any meetings today between 9:30 and 10:30
what do you like to do during your leisure time
what is 4 plus 4
i am curious about whether you have pets
can you turn off my desk lamp
please turn on my balcony lights
Is it possible to reactivate the card I thought I lost but found this morning in my jacket?
s1, clarify me further on what you have said.
who is the music director of this song
what insurance plan do i have
show us red
Can you please tell me why my transfer failed?
can you check and confirm detail please.
do i have any new friend requests
Where am I supposed to be Wednesday from 2 to 11?
what exhibits or shows are scheduled at the metropolitan theater
Do you need to know my first and last name?
if it's five am in berlin what time is it here
what did you just say
book a train for me
i need to report a card that's been lost but i dont know how
can you add a new email to my contacts
it was cool, thank you very much.
what's the closing price of abc
i appreciate it, it's wonderful.
can i carry on a garment bag, a small travel bag, and a back pack on my trip with american airlines
When is Jennifer Aniston's birthday?
can you send meeting invitation to mr. Chen on next Monday 6:00pm
Why is the cash deposit not showing up in my account?
I do not wish to verify my identity.
let us do it again please.
Where is volume setting
that is totally true
I would like to order a virtual card, where can I get one?
are there any alarms for today
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
Send an email to Jake to tell him thank you
how can i change car oil
Why was my top-up rejected?
I want you to mute
read me my list for <unk>
yes you've got the answer exactly.
i didn't hear you can you say that again
Create a new list for my birthday plans
i need you to get me a rental car in nashville
I want to make a currency exchange to EU.
can you spell out the word special for me
read out my list for today
Any new e-mails?
let me know the weather for today
Schedule business meeting with work group.
There is a fraudulent payment!
What is the extra fee I was charged when using an ATM?
how many vacation days do i have saved up, please
Help! I made a transfer in error and need to cancel it before it's complete!
why is there a stop on my deposit account
I have a strange payment in my statement
I didn't make a payment at this business.
schedule a reminder on fifteenth march and input name as meeting
play oldschool rap
Please update me on whether you have received the funds for the refund of the large purchase I made recently. I have requested this from the merchant days ago but still haven't got anything.
How can i get a refund for something i just bought?
you got the command right.
list all of my upcoming alarms
Why did I only receive this much currency?
Can you convert to EUR?
I'm expecting to see a cash withdrawal but I'm still waiting.
order food from applebees
i want you to confirm details please.
I want to get a Visa and Mastercard, is it possible to get both from you?
do you have any funny jokes
where can i get my w2
Send me my card now! ASAP
when should i change this oil
how to activate direct deposit to chase account
i'm lost, can you tell me where i am
I was declined when trying to withdrawal cash!
Can I use this card at an ATM?
send this song to my favorites
how many vacation days i have used
what electrical plug do they use in the uk
one am set
I was trying to top-up and my credit card was declined. Can you tell me why?
immediately call tom
set reminder for tennis game with peter on Sunday at four pm
What happened with it?
repetitive event added to calendar
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
My card hasn't arrived.
What happens if the ATM doesn't give the right amount of money?
i want to learn something about apples
My card payment is still on hold, why is it so?
How do I deposit cash into my account?
Where should I look for my PIN number at?
please cancel what you are doing, i've changed my mind
i wanna know what timezone spain is in
Can I make sure my card is delivered on a specific day?
change the light color to red
Should I wear winter boots when I go to the store?
where is russia located
can you tell me what caused my card to get declined at starbucks this morning
book a 6 person uber to the movies
i must know the point of life
PDA when is Jesse's birthday?
best bar in local area
tell me how healthy mac and cheese is
traffic status please
List all the shops that are located in Milan
i would like to order some takeout
i didn't hear what you said
please send mom an email saying that i can make it next week
Show me more information about this event.
i would like to redeem my credit card reward points
get me directions to phoenix
this is not the correct answer.
I tried to make a transfer, but it didn't work.
save all of my preferences information specific to songs
I can't get money out of the ATM. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
please start the coffee
will i need to bring rain boots after lunch?
how do i get a pin for my card
how much is indian rupee going against us dollar
How hot is today?
will you add a reminder for me
What is the shallowest piece of land
can you check and see why us bank put a hold on my account
How do I get refills to my card when I'm traveling?
do you know of any good free knitting patterns
Can we play Twenty Questions?
i think a thief used my card
find remainder and delete
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
create appointment to list
Where can I find a Mastercard ATM?
i need to change my username
Check calendar for Thursday at 2pm, if I'm free, please set a meeting with Mr Fox.
i just put steaks on the grill remind me to check them at the right time
would not really care, olly.
heard any good jokes
There's a weird payment showing in my app that I definitely haven't made myself, as I haven't used the card at all that day. Please cancel that and return my money.
play the song called dancing on the ceiling
Is my card broken? I can't get cash out of the ATM
do i need to get any shots before visiting family in seattle
I'm looking for the cash deposit top up option but can't find it. Can you help me?
Alert me 2 hours before my meeting on Tuesday with client happening at 10 in the morning.
please check if paradise does takeaway
make a reminder to work out at the gym
My card payment didn't work, can you help?
dammit, it isn't what i am looking for.
Why did they charge me an extra $1?
where can i go shopping here
turn on the fan socket
that's a definite yes
how about a game of snakes and ladders?
that would be great
are there any traffic restrictions due to the president's visit
How come I got blocked for entering wrong pins?
i like classic rock
yeah you did the command correcly.
Please pull up the article on dog sitting in the morning news.
my credit score is what
Does the top-up need verified?
open the two towers
How many currencies can I have?
are you able to track my package
what alarms do i have set
Please let me know the what Raj's status update in Facebook
do a hard reset
great job, you have done well.
anything interesting happening next friday
order more cat food, i'm out
who was the last person to email me
when are holiday in current month
Did I remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
I want to know if I have any emails with the subject line budget from Eddie Richards.
i am unclear about what you said.
Explain why a card payment would be cancelled?
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
please check detail.
book a rental cab of uber
next alarm
Change of location, need to change details
let me hear my todo list
What's the current breaking news about the economy?
Don't play this song again
i want to listen arijit singh song once again
What do I do if I think someone managed to get my card information?
lower the lights in the room
who's that song by
what is the traffic like at the closest safeway grocery store
hail taxi
Get me a ride to hospital
How can I get my money that I didn't get from the ATM?
How many weeks are left for Christmas?
send this message to the family group starts with A .
When will my transfer come through?
what does my federal tax return look like
what is the word?
Send e-mail to Nancy about tomorrow's work party details.
Hi,  Is there any problem with app? As i am facing some issues with the exchange of crypto currency. I am extremely interested in buying.
that was cool,, olly.
you're too loud
schedule meeting with laura
what alarms are coming up
selection of restaurants
are there any tornado warnings today
can you call me a different name, please
There are incorrect charges on my account, there was a WD that was made by someone else.  I still have my card though.
Can I give a second card for this account to my daughter?
find nearest train station
please could you shut off.
what is going on with my cash withdrawal? the exchange rate is wrong
what kind of weather is there
Top up keeps failing
i need to know how to make stuffed peppers
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
i need to know is traveling to france safe
How do I start an exchange between GBP and AUD?
would you shut down please.
pull up outlook i need to send a email
Did I have any plans later on tonight at 8pm?
please do not speak
I am yet to receive my pin.
Give me a company for playing football
set coffee maker to start at three
What sorta music events can find going on around me
i want to shop for new insurance plans
I don't understand the money transfer process.
can you confirm my reservation for steve at olive garden
alarm ten am
tell me what time it is right now
shit, not correct response.
yes you have done answer exactly.
i wanna know when i was paid last
yeah you've got my instructions right.
Was it windy yesterday?
i no longer want this event in my calendar
Turn my iroomba on.
Tell me CNN's latest headlines.
send a tweet to national grid
remove vegetables from the list
current forex rates
What is this card payment, I do not recognize it.
get me a car
Mute yourself until I say otherwise
Somehow I am missing my card.  What should I do?
Is April 15th on a weekend?
i had a list of reminders what were they
i want a train ticket from los angeles to phoenix
I have used this account overseas recently. Has there been an increase in fees that I am unaware of?
I have a payment that is still pending
Can I see the source of my available money?
I am missing some funds from my account - I tried to transfer them using my credit card number, and it disappeared.
Why can't I use this beneficiary?
Domino's delivery status.
is there a way to change your name to betty
set a reminder for me to call my brother at 8 pm
i'd like you to text marie and let her know to meet me at the hospital
Reply to Beth's email tomorrow by telling her I wont be late
I need my account checked because it appears there is a problem. I attempted to update my balance yesterday using cheque but it doesn't seem to have worked.  Should this not be faster than this?
i can't answer yes or no right now
when will i get the next holiday with pay
on all the button on dashboard
can you please order me an uber to get to jfk international
yeah get that correcly.
can you tell me why my bank account is frozen
does this car take regular or diesel fuel
pto i have used so far is how much
Is it going to be nice tomorrow?
What is the weather going to be like today in Tucson?
olly cancel alarms
I  would like to know the traffic condition
can you clarify more on what you've said to me please.
resume lord of the rings
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and Canada?
My money has gone missing. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's missing. What is happening?
When can I expect the transfer to arrive in my account?
My card declined
can you tell me what kind of weather now.
please turn lights off
I think the exchange rate for my for my cash withdrawal is wrong
add a song to my rock playlist
how to cook crabs
recommend a movie for me
Why didn't this transfer work?
Please provide details on how to top up my account using transfer option
I do not have my pin
weather like
Is it raining today?
I see a direct debit payment on my app that I did not do
give me my income
does mary smith live on main street
the music volume should increase to ninety
A transfer I sent was received in less than the full amount I originally sent, and now I have to send additional funds to cover the full amount. What happened?
Is it possible to exchange currencies?
I have an outgoing transfer
i do not have cookies so will you order me some more
can you get me the name of this song
Can I add money in intervals to my account?  I will be traveling.
i want to get a new car insurance plan
4+5=9
I don't recognize some of the transactions on my card, I think someone must have gotten my card info and used it.
i'd like to report a fraudulent charge from people's natural gas
My card is needed soon
play popular dance music
how do i use my credit card points
what is life all about
it was amazing, olly.
Please tell my why I was charged a fee for using my card?
Can I use Apple Pay to top-up?
where is a nearby park where i can go running
i would like to hear the last one spoken again.
Was there any email regarding the wrong booking in SIA?
i'm cooking an egg, timer for 3 mins
There was an error in exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
what fuel should i use for this car
please play the next episode in the podcast
try it one more time please.
when does panama city mall open
Order me a large ham and olive pizza from Dominos.
Are there any restrictions causing my transfer to be declined?
Play Kanye West playlist
it was helpful, thank you so much.
once again explain your answer.
what's the due date for spectrum's bill
clear last action.
please read my todo list
what ingredients are in antipasto salad
Play Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
please add an email for john doe to my contacts johndoe@yahoo dot com
how much gas is in my tank
Do you limit my top-offs?
are there any events schedule for this week
Can I setup top ups in advance?
tell sean i appreciate him reaching out to me
will you reserve a table at olive garden for 3 people at 7
try it one more time please.
I made a deposit a couple of days back it's, as of yet, not gone in! It would be ideal if you assist me with this
I'll send a check to top up my account
How to cook yellow rice
What different currencies can I get?
can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed
Please turn up the screen brightness all the way
Alarm 5 PM
did i receive a message from kevin
Weather for next 8 days, San Antonio, Texas
Is there any type of fee for currency exchange?
What is Terranova stock going for
reserve a seat for me on the train march twentieth
how are things with you
Take a snap
can you please make an appointment for me to get my tires checked out
please put a freeze on my banking account
What is delivery speed to the United States?
save this song
how do i get direct deposit for my paycheck
radio 102.7
it will be good if you yellowish the light
did i receive any new email
I think my pin has been compromised, what do I do?
will you just stop please.
Play Body by Thao Nguyen
do i have cheese on my shopping list if not please add it
Lets play checkers
Why hasn't my in country transfer gone through yet? I confirmed the account info a couple days ago but the payment hasn't been posted yet.
get coffee maker started for a fresh cup
Can you tell me why I was charged to withdraw cash?
Do I need to do anything? My phone was stolen yesterday.
I did a money transaction and dont have a receipt
please purchase a amtrak ticket from las vegas nevada to lakeland florida leaving on the first of april
i am david
Why are my transfers getting declined?
send email to gary
put classic rock on
please open and play chess with me
I don't understanfd how to top up
is an international visa needed for canada
Hi,  Please help me, as i have transferred some amount but receiver did not get the same amount. He received a bit less. Due to this again i need to transfer the difference.   I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
Transferring money in 2018 to another country shouldn't take this long. My transfer has been pending for too long. I verified my account details are correct.
Open and play music from jazz genre
Mail Gaurav my phone number and other contact details.
i want your name to be henry
i need you to flip a coin so i can make a choice
rj raunak programme play on ninety two point seven fm
that's enough, cancel it.
Remind me to start supper this afternoon at 5:00
What is the most amount of disposable cards allowable?
It will be fine to use at any establishment that accepts Mastercard.
Why was my virtual card declined when attempting to setup automatic billing?
what can you answer for me
i wanna set up a direct deposit for my paycheck
play the song called wreckless love
tell me about rock
Create a new list
how many calories does a kitkat have
I want to top up my account by a bank transfer, but will I be charged?
I need some help now please! There are some transactions on my account that I do not remember purchasing. Can they be reversed? Can you please cancel or freeze my card so I don't keep getting charged?!
Do I have any new emails from Luke?
Put a reminder in my calendar about meeting with client at 10 am on Tuesday.
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
can you tell me how to change my car's oil
please give me a suggestion for what to make for dinner
get the coffee started please
Can you tell me where my funds come from?
x on the shopping list please
I don't recognize some transactions.  Is someone else using it?
make me a reservation for 5 at coral for 10 pm immediately
would you give me examples of what some of your hobbies are
Could not complete transfer, states 'declined'
I did not do this payment
I checked the exchange rate when I withdrew cash. But the actual rate that you applied was different.
what time is it in glenwood springs, co
did mark post anything new on facebook
has my application for a new credit card been processed
create a new list please
Do you do business in the EU?
how do i change the color of the lights
do you have anything you enjoy to do
My card is broke, what do I do?
How many days does it take for a transfer to go through?
put appointment on my calendar for tomorrow
help me get access to my recent transaction history
someone stole my mastercade
Where in the European Union can I get a card?
How can my new card be renewed?
How do I troubleshoot my contactless?
I've been trying to do a transfer multiple times and have failed? Is the system down?
On Friday please put dentist appointment at three.
adjust the lights to a lower setting please
get city cab here to airport
i want you to go to hot one hundred and five on the radio
tell me please what paean means
what does one have to damage in cream to make butter
start play fifa seventeen
do i have new likes
I was at the ATM trying to made a withdraw and I was declined.
i would like to find out how to cash out cred card points
how long until my milk expires
Why was my transfer charged a fee?
What will I need to configure if my salary is in GBP?
I made a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It absolutely has to go through tomorrow, so can you please reroute the payment to the right account?
speak once more please.
play tunes
it's cool, thanks, olly.
shit, it's not what i just requested.
Am I going to be charged for receiving  money?
can i use my points to pay my credit card
do ai have hobbies and if so what are yours
please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow ten in the morning
When I was drunk I got my card stuck in your machine because i mis-typed my PIN. What do I need to do to get it restored?
i need to turn the lights down
i need to hear the last you said again.
Delete all my events for tomorrow
Play podcast a.
whats the status of my united flight
i want to take a bus to mexico city how do i do that
let me know if you are a human or are a computer
find me train tickets
What should I do if I see an unauthorized withdrawal on my statement?
you've done it correctly i appreciate it.
it's useful, appreciated.
list all the alarms
Can I have a Visa card?
Where can I see the refund in my account
Lighter shade on the lights please!
Please play song x
make an alarm for me
i want to hear this week's midweek motorsport
There is a strange payment on my card.
you have done that right thank you very much, olly.
that's good, thanks.
OK Google, unmute my sound.
i wonder why my card got declined yesterday
do coffee
what countries can i use my card in
what's the definition of luminescent
Post that I am going to McDonalds at Manhattan
find me someone
I need to cancel a transaction on my debit card.
Tell me my meetings this Wednesday morning
Help microphone
What is latest controversy on Donald Trump.
i need to hear a joke can you tell me one
don't speak for a while
does my co worker have a home phone number
how can i change my car oil
how's weather today
did dan send me any emails
i need directions to get to olympia by bus
what music genre do i listen to the most
what in the world is my credit rating
can you please turn on my furnace
Locate the email to Giant Eagle and put it into my contact list.
PDA add Dale@gmail.com to my contacts.
i lost my phone and need assistance
help me redeem my reward points
please let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
Check how many likes did I got on my most recent post?
olly just cancel.
is there a way to transfer my 401k
olly would you shut up please.
What do I do if I think someone managed to get my card information?
please retweet this post on twitter
how often do you have to change your oil
it was not clear.
what is a funny joke about car
i want to hear a fun fact about american presidents
what is the highest rated movie this week
what month is my card expired in
opinion about latest gadgets.
what's my credit limit for my visa card
Is there a fee for exchanging currencies?
could you speak that once more.
subtract 85 from 997
how many ounces in a gallon
what are some mistakes to avoid so that my credit score stays high
Report stolen card
Please remove my to-do list from today
report what is new in my email inbox please
i need to know your age
sorry but i think it's not correct.
do not speak today
please turn on all the outdoor lights
has my application for discover card gone through yet
i am not clear about your answers.
can you tell me why my card got declined
i want factory settings restores right now
display exchange rate of euro to indian rupee
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
does my western union card have international transaction fees
Somebody stole my wallet and is using my card! Can you do something so they can't keep taking my money?
what is the temperature
Cancel my last transfer
Transferred to account is not successful, help please?
What do I have to do to get a Visa credit card?
Hello, I have noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks atm machine.  I made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine, a fee was assessed to my withdrawal.  Are these types of transactions free of charge?
set reminder to feed cat tonight at 6pm
Send an email to Margaret.
please delete this event
would you confirm the question.
And what about the Card's PIN?
Do I have to go to the bank to change my PIN?
whose song is this
new updates
does gramercy tavern accept reservations
what steps do i do to get a real card
what and how is india's economy at the moment?
can you find the exact address for where i am currently
remove any kind of list.
turn off wemo socket
how is weather on such and such day
Can I dispute a payment even if I notice it several weeks after it was made?
I see non-received cash in my app.
i need to know the answer to 10000 multiplied by 44
Tell me what's happening this week.
i want to listen to rock
what is the minimum temperature of london
What happens if I use my account and my identity verification hasn't finished?
Hold old do my kids have to be to use the service?
Let's have a warm glow in the front room
are my tires good on pressure
erase my appointment on the twelfth from my calendar
please call me tom
send a snotty tweet to bbc
make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled
i would like to hear the last one spoken again.
When are cards delivered?
What's going on with the Trump budget proposal?
How's the traffic downtown?
how long until my flight is here
navigation search
How can I stop fraud on my account right now?
yeah great response.
what is email id of john
how is the traffic near me
Set meeting with Joanna on Saturday 4 pm.
please share my location with my boss and my lawyer
i got to schedule some car maintenance
show me my transactions on clothes at macys
Don't speak for an hour
I can't hear you
nope, you gave me wrong information.
My transfer was declined
I just topped up, and the app denied it.
could you make a train ticket for me
I would like a virtual card- where can I purchase one?
what is the limit for top-ups?
can you book a train ticket for me under dollars
i wanna know why my card was declined
repeat birthday
Turn on the radio to a classical station.
i need to find a good way to make chicken soup
will you tell me my routing number
PDA when is Dale's birthday?
how do i get to poughkeepsie from new york city
what is the calorie content in french fries
please activate the vacuum cleaner
show me a plan to help my credit score rating
what is 2 times 2
Reply to all
any one is okay to me.
i need a taxi to go home
How much does it cost in fees to use your card?
currency to currency rate
play the barney theme song
What is identity check?
Please stop my purchase.
is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
When do I see my recent refund in my statement
have i set any alarms in the morning
i need some more lights
lower the brightness of the lights
add to my groceries
card is lost, please help
i will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow
book train ticket for this time
sorry but it is not correct.
what is the timezone for houston
that was cool,, olly.
what time does the train arrive
please remove the alarm set for wednesday called kickball
How do I go about setting up an account for my daughter?
did you receive this person email
light color change
what is the square root of forty two
hey what do i do to apply for a visa card
when is our next free day, please
There is a payment that I made that hasn't gone through yet.
There was a canceled payment for my card.
what lists do i have saved?
i'd love to hear any song that i've given five stars by serge gainsbourg
confirm detail please.
I am having an issue with an in country transfer I did a few days ago. It has yet to appear in my account. I have checked to be sure that all account information is correct multiple times. What is taking the transfer so long?
where are the rockies located?
What TV show is Jennifer Aniston on?
I want to take some funds from my other bank account and add them to this one.
add business contacts to contact list
how is the traffic today
i need to cancel my dinner reservation
remove the second row from the list
i need a break start it after five minutes
Can I edit my details?
Set an alarm for 7 am.
thanks for giving me assistance
How much time do I have left until the pta meeting?
what are my meetings today
play the jazz station
pda delete list blank
rephrase further on your words please.
My card appears to be broken how can I fix it?
When will I see the cash I deposited this morning as available?
kung fu panda three
I need to change my card PIN.
Where is Mt. Rushmore Located?
I would like to order a virtual card, where can I get one?
Remember this music
AN GRAPHICAL IMAGES EFFECTS TO BE REQURIED
what is on my shopping list
that is enough, just cancel it.
olly please could you just cancel.
what did i write down on my shopping list this time
what is the minimum i can pay on my water bill
let's go to the next song please
what's the exchange rate between country a and country b
Visa and MasterCard, can I get them both?
what is the stock price of hdfc
What methods are available for my friend to send me money?
that was helpful, thank you so much.
Why am I being charge a fee when using an ATM?
what's the funniest thing you know about peanuts
may i know the traffic situation
What's the procedure for getting a card?
I feel as though I have been over charged for the exchange rate on my payment on last Saturday.
has the application for my visa been processed
skip to the next episode of this podcast
what do i do if i want to use my credit card points
do you serve for home delivery
add oil change to my to do list
reserve a meeting room for friday, 5pm
direction to local train station
deactive the socket
My account is blocked, how do I log in now
We're out of paint, so take bathroom-painting off the list.
please flip a coin for me, tails i win
I need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown.
add this email to my contact list
listen i need to get a reservation for , me and teresa at georgetown cafe on tuesday at 7:00 pm
i last got my oil changed when
play for me the game star wars
i want to hear what is on my reminders list
What is twelve divided by four?
I just finished sending money, but it's not logging on the recipient side.
when is my flight going to arrive
Set notification for meeting with boss.
Can you tell me more about my most played music?
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
do you know if my vacation request is still pending
please tell me how to do my daughters eighth grade math
Delete all scheduled events
I bought something abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
When will my cheque process?
can you please buy me a train ticket
is my day open for march 4th 2019
how can i build my credit
How do I add a new card?
Do you ship your cards anywhere?
Can I get a disposable virtual card?
Please put on my favorite rap music playlist.
Is there a specific date it can be delivered by?
Give me the home location of Tom Hanks.
i was unclear about what you've just said.
nope, i think you have made some mistake.
I misplaced my card and I dont know where the last place is where I used the card last. Can you look at my account and tell me the last place I used the card?
thanks, bye
I don't understand where this debit came from and want it removed.
i fancy some coffee now
when to change my oil
Give me the weather forecast for this week.
google translate
how many dollars are there in a g. b. p.
get nearest hosptal
I got less cash than what I specified for through the ATM.
Is it possible to top up using a cheque?
have no idea for which to choose.
how do i speed up the speech of this ai
do you have a fee for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Olly, please check new email from Andy
costa mesa current weather
I did all that was asked of me and I am rather frustrated. I don't understand why you just won't credit me my money back. I have contacted the seller and nothing has been done. It's been a week!
what's the change in best buy stick
where jackie chan currently live
I was at the store earlier and my virtual card didn't work. What's the solution for this problem?
doesn't matter with me, olly.
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transfer.
turn off my wifi
On every tuesday remind me to go shopping.
can you tell me which timezone is cambodia in
switch on the vacuum cleaner
that is true
my bank needs to know i am going to be out of the country
I'm having problems with ID verification
elaborate me further on your answer please.
add this person's email
i lost my phone and need help retrieving it
I need a new card to replace an expired one. Will it cost anything, and how soon?
oil changes are typical done when
Tell me something I can do to help my community today ?
Can I make online purchases with my card?
What do you use to figure out the exchange rate for the card?
What is the exchange rate for EUR?
where are my takeaway order?
I tried to get gas but my money was gone!
was einstein married
does my card charge a fee for use in indonesia
i need a cup of coffee
Will filling stations accept my card?
should i take my raincoat with me now
Raise the brightness of the lights
Run Coffee Maker
Will it cost more money if my currency needs to be exchanged?
why do people use avocado seeds
post the following as a status on facebook
by remote sensor
Can you tell me if any events are planned in my area?
what's the most popular story on my facebook newsfeed
id like to know if there are any accidents on the route that i am taking
what street is this
lets send a tweet
what are the train times from San Francisco to New York
Will the duplicated payment be refunded?
thank you very much.
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
office lights off
Do i have to top-up with my credit card before I can transfer?
off the speakers
There's an error in regards to the exchange rate for an item I bought.
what is the seattle city council doing about homelessness
My top-up has not posted.
open recurring
could you use a male voice
how many teaspoons are in a cup
i must change my pin number for my account
Is it normal to have to wait over a week for my new card?
please remove fishing from my calendar for soccer
can you lock all the doors in the house
convert time zone
what does the traffic look like on my usual route to work
Can I use my account although my identity verification has yet to pass?
current price of coca cola stock
i need more checkbooks for my chase account
Have I gotten any emails from Amazon in the last two days?
anything is ok for me.
turn the vacuum on
i think my luggage was misplaced or has been lost
make light color red
What are the trains i could board tonight to head to XXX this evening?
i am sorry but i think this is not the correct response.
lower the lights in the bedroom
how much money did i spend at starbucks in the last week
Olly, does that new Chinese restaurant deliver?
change the lights to my favorite color
A transaction posted twice to my account.
cancel my reservation for 6 pm at sidetracks
the radio should play only on nine hundred and ninety nine fm
is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
How can I top up with Google Pay?
how long do I boil a hard boiled egg, alexa?
I sent money to a person and they haven't received the payment yet.
Lower lights
resume lord of the rings
Remind me of my sister's birthday party tomorrow an hour before it starts.
I didn't get all the cash I asked for
Add detergent to the list of things I need to buy.
Whats the maximum number of disposable cards that I can get?
what is going on in south tampa today
What are the guidelines for the disposable cards?
what animals await you at home
Why did I get less money than I asked for?
can i take out the olive oil and use lard
remove anniversary dinner from my calendar on april 5
good work, you've done well, olly.
remember this email
how many miles per gallon does this car get on the highway
when is too late to pay my cable bill
I don't know how to top up my Google pay.
I must change my PIN as soon as possible.
searching for any special holidays for US country
latest news on traffic at my current location
call work
can you tell me what timezone chicago is in
check the start time of the meeting scheduled for today
play some music
Can you find out why my credit card didn't process payment? It was declined for top up so what's the deal?
can i redeem my credit card points for anything
what is the best italian restaurant around here
What color is the sky
What are the age limits for your service?
show me my events
movie times tonight
has my supervisor approved my vacation
How long does a top-up take to go through?
i'm low on mouthwash so create an order for me
first play tvf podcast after that being humorous podcast
Olly, tell me where Steve Jobs was born.
I moved and need to change my personal information.
tell my bank i am traveling out of country
Why did the bank reject my transfer?
Can you tell if my dog is sick?
provide assistance by setting an alarm at 8:00 and another for 11:00
tell me if taco bell takes reservations
would you just cancel it please.
mute for twenty minutes
is there a travel alert for russia
are there any roadblocks
can you put on music by beach house
My card got charged twice for the same thing!
whats the wait time for a replacement card
Remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at 9:00 a.m.
I just checked my account on the App and there is a payment on there that I did not make.
what is the current status of my credit card application
Do you ship cards to where I live?
I just got this card & I don't know how to activate it.
is this how i apply for a discover card
It seems I've suddenly been charged for my recent ATM cash withdrawal. What's up with that? I though withdrawals are free, you never charged me so far!
would you confirm my last command.
Do you have an option for auto top up?
what routing number does chase in michigan use
what's happening on bbc news today
hi olly post my last clicked photo on facebook with title marry christmas
who charged my card
when was born abraham lincoln
Change lights to red
Do they deliver?
give me some bowie
book an outstation cab of Ola
please open the news app
I am unable to use my top-up on the app. Could you explain this to me?
this is of no importance for me.
does cielo have good reviews
please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing
Do you have a limit for someone's age?
i hate how long the traffic jams get
I want to close my account due to poor customer service.
Remember that I need to turn in my math assignment tonight by 11
my car battery has died what should i do now
I checked my account today and saw that I was charged an extra pound that I did not spend.
this doesn't really matter to me.
Ally, please play Pandora radio.
I have an unknown debit charge in my statement, why?
how long can i have pizza in the fridge
play this audiobook
i need you to call the phone company for me
how to cash in visa card rewards
please see see for me the alarms that you have set sunday morning
remove my eight pm alarm and set it to seven pm
I got mugged yesterday and lost access to the app. I need to regain it.
text wenona and tell her we will be there tomorrow
where's my package
Can you tell me what's on my list
ai, please help me find my phone
I was checking the app for my account and I noticed there is an authorized charge on it.  I haven't used my card today, so I know I didn't do it.  I would like the transaction reversed and the money replaced.
confirm the command.
Is the closest ATM to me within 2 miles?
julie's information
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my international withdrawal?
just cancel please.
hey whatsapp
that's false
What do I need to do to transfer my paycheck to my account?
I withdrew $100 but only received $20
play jumper by third eye blind
What is the charge for paying with my card?
does tony's in downton let you make reservations
how do i duct tape a gooseto apig
What is on my playlist of movies on the the DVR?
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
How do I change the PIN?
how do i transport my 401k
Is my work alarm set for tomorrow?
What is the number of food items on the list.
refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
exchange rate from cad to u. s. d.
Give me details of my twitter handle profile including the total number of followers.
Could you harvest the crops in farmvile?
I was unable to transfer money from my account.
Please turn off any lights that are still on.
olly please would you shut down.
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
Am I able to Top Up with Apply Pay?
if my credit card was stolen, how long will it take to replace
please tell me all the purchases on my hy-vee card for this statement period
My bank card has expired, how can I get a new physical card?
Why could I not get cash?
what time do you have on your watch
repeat previous song
send fifty dollars from me to carrie
report my burned card to the company
could you harvest the crops in farmvile
switch off all lights
All lights colour to blue please
Can I get an account for my daughter?
Add this email to my address book.
how do i get a w2 form
Could I reactivate my card please, I couldn't find it but it turns out it was in my jacket pocket.
hey, what's up
Can you please tell me where my card is? I ordered it 2 weeks ago!
Order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms from Pizza Hut.
make me some coffee from the coffee machine
what happens on the fourth of july
remind me some particular event
Can you turn on the vacuum?
Please open grocery list and add bananas to list.
has ruby tuesday got good reviews
reserve a table for 3 under the name wheeler at andrea's steakhouse for 5pm
I was out today looking forward to pay with my new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
I am not being recognized by the app.
can you increase the brightness in the room
did my friend rohit posted something on facebook
you are correct
thank a bunch
thank you so much for reminding me of that.
how many transaction fees are there when i use my discover card in rome
what do i do to get a visa card
Which currencies are allowed?
How much does top up fees cost?
is there any traffic congestion on my way to the closest whole foods
what will be the weather tomorrow
hey ai, don't speak fast
turn on the plug socket one
is it okay to switch apples for grapes
My card is gone I think it was stolen
My day went pretty well today.
There is a debit transaction on my statement that I did not make
Show all the lists that are available in detail
What's happening on BBC news today?
please clean the floor
People are using my debit card - help!
alarm settings
What email was sent at 3:30pm?
what type of plugs do they use in london
tire pressure please
Hi, I had an issue with my card payment and It shows on my account that my payment went through. Then I got contacted from the seller saying "they did not receive my payment" then the payment was returned to my account. so I would like to see why it did that please.
open my notes
I can't find the top-up card verification code.
would you shut off please.
add work email address
I was just shopping and my payment was declined in a store!  It was very embarrassing, what is going on and when will it be fixed?
I saw I was charged extra for money I withdrew?
Give me today's calendar events after 6pm
i want to know when is the next holiday here
Check calendar
brew coffee at noon
are you able to remind me about something
Can you explain why my payment was charged a fee?
set an alarm at 6 in the morning
i would like nutrition facts for spaghetti carbonara
Why did gotse shoot Mahatma gandhi
decrease brightness
Tell me how to cancel a transfer.
ensure i have to get up at six in morning
can you turn off wemo plug socket
Play the song next to the one playing now.
yeah right.
nice lyrics
Olly, why is Donald Trump the president of the United States, and how do we get him kicked out of office?
Is a SWIFT transfer okay?
i put some leftover stew in the fridge and want to know how long it'll last
new list
can you roll a dice
has my online order shipped yet
I tried to get $100 but I just got $20
What should I do if I can't prove my identity.
book for me a train ticket to new york
What do I have on my schedule for tomorrow morning?
This is frustrating, I'm at work and my transfers are not going through. I keep getting an error message, I do not have time for this.
When's the closest concert at ford's?
How do I set a new pin?
could you freeze my account now
play wuthering heights from where i left off
olly, clean the flat
Are there discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
repeat this list in random order
i ran out of cherrios so add that to the list
dates for my car in the shop
How high is the exchange fee?
newly launched 4 wheelers
i have to go
where can I find the auto-top up option?
My card is due to expire soon.
please add smurfette@gmail dot com to my email contacts
Open the weather app
How can I the person see my money transaction?
say it once again please.
Where's the money from my transfer from Europe?
i want all my events deleted
divide seventy six in two parts
get command exactly.
turn off on wemo outlet
I'm locked out of my account as I can't remember my code, what do I do now?
Why can't I top up by cheque?
map out a route from here to abita brew pub
remove laundry from my todo list
date please
i need anniversary dinner added to my schedule for march 7
Why do you require all my identity details?
Tell me about this song.
turn up the volume of my speakers
can you turn off the lights
currency exchange
tweet bad day at starbucks
Why would the app show a withdrawal that I did not make?
please find me the pe most recent news on
find me a recipe for teriyaki chicken
Type an email for me please.
i got to change my pin number for my account
Can I transfer money using a different currency?
blanket definition
what's the typical time to eat at red lobster
i would like to mute the speakers please
i'd like you to throw a virtual coin for me
Cancel dentist appointment for this week.
where is your place of origin
delete lunch tomorrow
resuming playing my current audio book
how do i get more checkbooks mailed to me
can you check and confirm what just said.
can you check to see if my shopping list already has milk
i am thinking of going to brazil and was wondering if that is hazardous
Where is the PIN number found?
turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
go ahead and connect to my phone
I believe my top up has failed
which song is playing
Has John emailed me at all in the last month?
remind me of the items on my list of things to remember
Please note today a terrible things happened to me because my friend behaved rudely on me.
Is Emma Stone single?
check if any alarm is there after five am
my visa card  what's the apr on that
I want to reset my passcode, how can I do that?
How far is California from Georgia
put the playlist on shuffle
i need help. I updated my balance with a check yesterday and Im not seeing it. Can you look at my account to see what went wrong?
My money transfer has not yet occurred
Make this email a new contact.
My phone is lost.  What do I do to prevent someone from using the app?
i want you just cancel it.
I think my card is lost.  What do I do?
turn up sound
i need ninety nine point five please
Olly, you'll never guess what happened earlier today.
what is the temperature in costa mesa
can you pull up my most recent transactions
can you speak louder
My cash withdrawal is showing as pending, why?
could you check it.
I am entering my passcode but getting an error.
Train times place
Someone has a copy of my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Help me.
My card's expiring, what happens now?
what's the current date, month and year
Start playing again.
You keep declining my transfers? It's always been working really well so far, but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined. I tried couple times already but same thing.
Are money transfers free?
get happy on my rb playlist
what time is my package getting here
what are the latest photos on my instagram account
Show latest events around new york
i would like to know if you are a robot
I want to hear some Beyonce.
fresh list
Can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow?
i need to know current weather in new york city
give me the weekly weather near me
tell contact mobile number
I would like to transfer money from my other bank account into this one.
i need you to add gary's email to my favorites
Can I use Apple Pay to top up?
What day of the week does the 15th of March fall on?
show me some food court nearest to my location
thanks for that!
you understood the answer right.
roll the dice!
What is the extra fee that showed up on my card?
search if the restaurant does take out
give me the nutrition facts for chicken breast
where can i cash out my card points
flip coin ai
Hey, tell me more about my meetings today
What music genre do I play most?
I need help fixing my contactless. It's not working anywhere I go today.
transfer ten dollars from my wells fargo account to my bank of america account
please could you check question.
My coffee is cold please make more coffee
please can you cancel it.
I can't use the app.  My phone is lost at the hotel.
how many canadian dollars can i get for 5 us dollars
My disposable virtual card wouldn't process my payment?
do you have a joke
I've made a horrible mistake!  I transferred money to the wrong account by accident!  I entered one of the digits wrong.  I need this cancelled immediately please.
Tell me what ATMs use this card.
how are those mcdonald's reviews looking
why is there a service fee on my statement?
book uber for tonight at seven pm
Can I link an existing card?
what kind of things can i ask the ai
do i have any meetings today between 2 and 3
can you calculate the square root of 172
could you please tell me a good joke
where is the closest pharmacy
How is my ATM deposit not available yet?
tell me the movie with best imdb ratings going on in theatres near me
Please invite Kim, Marc, and Julian to a meeting on thursday at 3pm
tell me about city traffic
What do you require for identification verification?
dubai marriage
I keep trying to make a payment, but it doesn't work.
I've tried completing a very standard transfer and have already attempted it 5 times. What's going on here? Is there a problem with your system?
Can I get both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
they call me josh
will you please rephrase what you've said again.
at one pm today start the robot vacuum cleaner
what's a good joke
Olly tell me where the local shopping district is.
please add johndoe@yahoocom to my contact list
take my shopping list and order all
How many times can I enter a wrong PIN before it is blocked?
pause the music
Notify me about the evening meeting five minute in advance.
Can you help me? I have a duplicate transaction on my account and I don't understand why.
I did a bank transfer and my balance isn't current.
Where can I order a card when I am in China?
tell me about this cars fuel economy
It says that my payment is pending, what does that mean?
i need help locating my phone
What is the minimum age required to open an account with your service?
turn shuffle on music player on
yeap perfectly.
I want to know where my money comes from.
run reply to latest email received
what are they saying about donald trump on this topic
do you know how long its been since i had my oil changed and a tune up
add cherrios to the shopping list
where is the food festival tonight
Is there a local ATM that will provide British pounds, I have no money for my homeward journey and do not feel comfortable waiting until  I arrive in Britain. Will a withdrawal involve extra charges?
Time in New York now
yes please
I think my card payment has been reverted
olly could you shut up please.
let's try the words one more time again please.
Remind me about the office meeting tomorrow at 7
play checkers with me
does ruth chris in charlotte allow you to make a reservation
i didn't say it.
tell company their service is bad
start playing fm ninety six point five when it is one pm
I need to know what flat currencies you support for holding and exchange.
what do you do if your luggage is missing
call taxi
There are fraudulent charges that I didn't make on my card. Can you please put in the safeguards necessary to stop this from happening anymore?
tell me about this week's weather
what to do about stolen phone
good food
how long can you keep chicken in the freeze before it goes bad
it's too dark i can't even see my hands
Is there anywhere my card will not be accepted?
Check my email for any new email from Joe.
call for takeout
send raj a mail for job
s2, i do not catch up with you.
how do i find the meaning of life
remove list
i noticed that the funds were returned to my bank account. What happened?
Which languages are the most popular in America right now?
coordinate all pop song genres
Record what happened today
don't really care.
running competitions on the west side
whats on my list for the time being
pay the minimum payment for m and t bill
Will I need to shovel my driveway this morning?
I would like the recipe for baked chicken.
is joey my name
when was this song first recorded?
Can I request a card?
I need an email sent to the following email address <insert address here> can you do that for me please?
new music tracks
extra fees on a cash withdrawal, not cool.
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
make sure my reservation at umami with carl is canceled
olly will you shut up please.
What is the tracking number for my card that was mailed?
i do not want my reservation anymore
how far away is the sun
how far we send money for digital
does not matter for me, olly.
am i allowed to increase the credit limit on my mastercard
please further rephrase me about what you have said.
please make your language setting french
yes you have done that exactly.
check and confirm the last thing said please.
Why did withdrawing money cost me extra?
is the weather bad in new york right now
Is the cash withdrawal going to show?
would much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
I think my transfer failed. What do I do now?
Could I open an account for children?
shit, it is not what i was searching for.
I have used all of my PIN tries. What should I do now?
How can I tell if there is a top-up limit?
i was unclear about what you have said.
I need a Visa card
put a seven pm meeting time down for march fourteenth
how much time is left until we get there
please give me directions to a park near me
Why did I not get a virtual card yet?
How long do I need to wait to see an update after I make a bank transfer?
up
What can I do tonight in the city?
what is love
my bank of america visa platinum was swiped from my belongings
my card seems to not work because its blemished
I want to add money but don't know what currencies you accept, can you tell me?
The check I deposited yesterday isn't listed yet.  Isn't that pretty slow?  I need to see the balance increased by that check.
show stock of goog
you've done it correctly thank you very much.
what's the time difference between here and queensland
I did a bank transfer and my balance isn't current.
where do i redeem my credit card points
Can you message back Jean via e-mail.
I was at the store earlier and my virtual card didn't work. What's the solution for this problem?
get me the latest news in new york
i need more milk
please dim the lights
Is there a list of ATMs that take this card?
how long until my order is ready
I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It should not have been done so.
can you tell me the nutritional content of chicken nuggets
I want to listen daily to this song
pull up the nutrional info of a 12 oz coke
Hello. Please, would you tell me if you have or have not received funds for a refund that I recently requested for a big purchase? I've contacted the merchant, but I can't tell that they have taken any action on it.
I could not get my transfer to happen correctly and was wondering why?
find chicken tikka recipe
olly that is all, just stop it.
PDA, Can you make dinner for me?
The machine gave me the wrong amount of cash.
What cards to do you support to top up.
perfect work, you did well.
what was the name of my last email
tell me about the presidential race
Why is there a $1 charge on my statement?
i need to get a ticket via train to orlando from hwood
you have done it perfectly.
I don't have a way to prove my identity.
flip a coin if you will
what day of the month is it today
Has @realdonaldtrump posted anything new on twitter
Balance is not up to date.
Do I have a Visa card as an option?
do you know how i get to olympia by bus
do you think i can wear sandals or should i wear sneakers tonight at seven pm
play snake with me
next payday
good food
Alexa, play Over the rainbow
what reviews does miyabi have
what's this car get for highway driving
Please check your calendar, i have done somethings
is my order on its way or what's going on
i want to change the name i call you to juan
how come my transfer declined
Olly, trending social media?
My account transfer was blocked.
please make me nice coffee
tell me the meaning of condemnation
how do you like being my assistant?
does arbys in lakewood take reservations
what's my interest rate
turn all lights on
get the details on the pto i have used
Give me some funny Facebook posts.
remind me after 10mins
does ihop have good reviews
is it going to rain at 1pm today
Does this app have the same exchange rate as third parties?
please set me an alarm
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in Benton AR
I saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was completed on my account; however, I did not complete it.
What can I do if my card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks?
make the living room blue
update the calendar with the last event removed
what organization do you work for
Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?
Off all type of active devices
great response.
Tell me this week's weather.
do i have a new email from sandy
will you please clarify again.
why was i charged a small amount
i was wondering what age you are
what's the apr on my capital one venture card
i would like you check details please.
what is the status on my latest order
i think it's not the correct response.
please play the next song on this playlist
Which type of music it is
is it snowing in california
check the weather app to see if
set alarm for tomorrow six am
get the coffee started please
How do I validate my identity.
What do I do if I believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
can you tell me what the weather will be please
Start vacuuming now, please.
Where is the nearest Target
I was not distributed all of cash that I requested
wake me up at ten
is there a reason people exist
Put in Next Queue 'Badra Bahar' by Amit Trivedi.
Do any of your machines provide cash from my home country? I don't have any money on me and I'm on holiday so I'm concerned. Also, will I be charged anything to do this?
open calendar
Book for me a train ticket to Washingon DC
great job, you have done well.
what traffic is there on the route to the pittsburgh airport
so are you real
Olly, Do i need to bring a coat today?
whatever is ok, olly.
does buffalo wild wings in concord take reservations
a priest walks into a bar
Why has my payment been declined? I paid by card.
can you get me a taxi home
Where is ... located?
song next
How do I deactivate my account?
can you explain once again.
Repeat daily activity.
create a new list for school supplies
Is this true about this date?
find list and remove apple
that was wonderful work, musch appreciated.
please will you further clarify me on that.
can you please be muted for a while
do i have any undone tasks
What is happening at that event?
it seems like olly's command was not right.
tell me my latest email
what could cause a hold on my savings account
can you place the sound on mute
i need for you to get bananas added to my shopping list; i'm out
I'd like to transfer funds using my credit card.
how do they say "i love you" in japanese
please reserve a table for two at rouge for 7:00 pm
please show me detail of previous played song
I need to know what's going on. I was under the impression you offered cryto top up which doesn't seem to be working and money has just vanished from my account.
i think that's not the right command.
i want you to speak more slowly to me
how will be the weather at night
I want a refund
remove soccer list from notes
how to calculate trigonametry
what is the exchange rate between us and canada
Can you explain why there is a payment showing twice?
are there any transaction fee if i use my boston private card in scotland
play my midnight love playlist
what are my top played podcasts
do you have any suggestions for a meal from australia
abort mission
list events in NY
Show me the newest podcasts
Am I the only one who can top-up my account?
Are there ways to go ahead and clear my calendar for the month?
increase the volume to fifty
I got double charged for a payment so how do I fix that?
Are you available in my country?
wake me up at five hundred and thirty
Play the podcast entitled episode 1 Making a Murderer.
Create new email address.
how would you describe a tennis ball
where can i go to have my tires checked out
check it please.
tell me joe joe's home address
Address the situation
Can they do delivery?
There is more than one charge on my account for a transaction.
Would it be possible for me to get a second card?
whats a new sci fi movie
How can I fix this? The ATM gave me more cash than I'd asked for.
Please tell me where I can update my details since I moved.
turn the volume down
Where do I get a disposable card
what is the current song
What's the process to receive a second card?
doesn't really matter to me.
What is the plan for tonight?
can you roll a die for me
Can i set up an auto top-up?
I deposited cash into my account and I'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
I need to change the color of this light.
Check my social notifications
I couldn't make a transfer because it was declined
compare prices of dairy items in local shops
i need to know my location
what are the latest tweets on my twitter account
Please delete my grocery list in entirety.
remind me to have launch with boss today at one pm
What is a Canadian dollar worth in the US?
If I only have 1 other US card, can you take it?
play my latest podcast
I tried to pay through my account but the payment is not going through. What's going on?
I tried to make a cash withdrawal and it was declined. Why did this happen?
please remind me to do this job in the evening
please delete my morning alarm
what time does the train depart from dowtown los angeles to santa barbara
is this the correct area code for my boss
Can I get a card in the EU?
wats online, PDA?
What documents do you need to verify my identity?
What is Mary S's birthday?
can you make it a little quieter
flip a coin, i'm heads
Why is verification for my identity needed?
when the event start
how do i plan a vacation
lights down
What is the closing price of axel company
how is the word acquaintance spelled
Can I pay more to get it deliver quicker?
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal showing up as a pending transaction?
is it true the gym is seven miles away
where was you
i'm going to start calling you kobe now
off all the lights on the right side
play me some podcasts about getting rich quick
Why can't I make a transfer?
i don't have the answer
Are new cards available from China?
Hi, My card withdrawal was declined this morning. It was working fine till yesterday. Please check and inform me.
yeap that's right.
The conversion rate on the ATM that I used with foreign currency was wrong.
please will you further clarify me on that.
musch appreciated, it's good one, olly.
Am I allowed to transfer money to a beneficiary?
Can you check the exchange rate on a cash transaction I did overseas
Hi I'm waiting for a refund for an item I bought. I have contacted the merchant directly but had nothing back. Can you tell me whether or not you are able to refund me for the item?
I need some details about celebrity X, please assist.
Turn the living room's light off
current traffic conditions
can you increase my credit limit to $7,500
Let me know about my next meeting two hours before it starts.
what's the average cooking time for cooking wings
Do you think you're asking for too much information about me?
can you check to see if i have any recent email alerts
i was unclear about what you have said.
write text message to someone
The ATM won't let me take out cash
I need to transfer something to China. It is urgent. How many days will it take to get there?
Can I have money transferred into my account at different intervals along my trip?
How long does it take for me to get my new card?
How is this transfer supposed to work? It's not working for me.
go back
did you set the alarm for five am
remove my calendar event at one pm today
is everything going okay
Where can I eat along Route 66?
Which ATMs take the card?
what are the carry-on restrictions for singapore airlines
the name is nick
what is the name you call me saved as
Tell me about it
Set aside this day for this calendar event
I just lost my wallet and I see that they are already withdrawing money from my account. How can I stop this?
what is the answer to four plus four
what is the dollar price in inr
shit, i did not ask for this answer.
quieter please
what's happening with the hurricane in the gulf
read that list back to me please
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
no that's not what i said.
I had a lazy day.
The exchange rate you're using is terrible - this can't be the official interbank exchange rate, can it?
My card has gone missing.
how many mega pixel is listed in the description of the canon
do i have any new emails from dan
tell me ways to learn cooking
please give me directions to the nearest starbucks
What alarms are set right now?
you have done it perfectly.
i was wondering about the vacation time you said you'll approve
is it correct to say you work for me
what day is the z bill due
have you responded my phone calls
After making a transfer from a UK account it's not showing up. How long do these transfers normally take for you? I want to be certain everything is all right.
during which month will my card expire
can you tell me if i might be able to apply for a new credit card
What is the max amount of top-ups?
what are my engagements today?
Please set an alarm at 7:00 am tomorrow morning?
Are your cards available in Europe?
I want to top up my account by a bank transfer, but will I be charged?
the joke of the day
i need to put in a pto request from the 8th to the 17th of january
tell me the song that is currently playing
i was not clear about your answer.
which song is this one
you are hero, i appreciate it, olly.
i wanna flip a coin
what travel alerts are there in china
turn off the sounds
What do I do if I have exceeded all my PIN tries?
from where did you originate
can you tell me the steps to change the oil in my car
order two cheeseburgers from wings n. ale on university drive
can you tell me what time it is please
Play best friends by yelawolf
what song is this one
It's too dark in here
yeah you get command exactly.
stop it now!
can i set a reminder
i need a taxi ride now
Why did my top up not work?
do we add rosemary in pasta
audio up
How long does it take for a new card to ship?
tell me the least i can pay
thank you for that response
i am needing to know the current time in the eastern timezone
call an uber to mark's house
Why would a merchant revert a card payment?
could you please confirm if leonardo is married
will you play the next song on this playlist
please turn the lights down low
what is the carry-on policy for flights on delta airlines
i think i ran out of this can you add it to my list
There is a Direct Debit that looks suspicious.
Can you tell me why I was declined from getting cash?
Do you have a top-up limit?
i'd like you to remember that i like this song
i think you have done this all in wrong manner.
are there any meetings for today on my calendar
is my work alarm set for tomorrow
find me the cheapest copy of the four hour body
PDA pull up all emails sent to me from Amazon
look me up on the map
schedule a reminder on fifteenth march and input name as meeting
A percentage fee was charged to my withdrawal.
Where would I find top up by cash deposit?
How do I make my top up complete?
please set my alarm clock for eight am
Is their a fee for top ups?
I don't understand how to top up my account, can you please explain the process?
Why i'm I being charged an extra pound
set the alarm tone
can you tell me the next holiday
I was not able to use the ATM to get cash
I just moved to the US how do I get a card?
do the restaurant deliver
I really need money from my card today, but my card is getting declined. Please help!!
when is my car due for an oil change and lube
olly would you shut up.
I did not receive my purchase, how do I cancel it?
My credit card cancelled a payment for a purchase.
Why have I been charged a fee for transferring money?
play Madonna now
HOW HE WORKS PERFERCTLY
Resume play of American Gods.
why did my account decline a incoming transfer
tell me all the takeaways nearby and i want to order food
send an uber to me right now
tell me how old youare
show me my alarms i have set
play only My list
please tell me what's provided in my health benefits
what currencies can i exchange between on your app?
what can i refer to you by
Please raise the volume of speaker
book a train ticket to Mumbai for tomorrow
I got double charged from something, what can I do?
Is there a fee for topping up a card?
i think that's not correct answer.
look up word
tryout in blog sites
read that back
what is the date
Where should I go for dinner in San Francisco tonight?
let me know if anything happens on that subject
Make my lights blue.
what are the review for mcdonald's
Somebody made a withdrawal from my account for 500. I have my card so how can this be? Does somebody have a duplicate card or something? Help please.
what is the most time i can keep a burrito frozen for before it's no good to eat
How much extra will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
I would like to link my card. How do I do it?
Can other people top up my account?
I was blocked by using the wrong pin too many times, can you help me?
I accidentally made a payment to a wrong account. What should I do?
Do I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
What are all the lists I have available?
what are the comments on the donuts at tgi
when will my next paycheck come
I attempted to deposit a cheque yesterday but the balance isn't showing today. Is it still pending?
How do I make more than one disposable card in a day?
check the last thing said.
does mary smith live on main street
please play the song that goes like this: jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the way
disable all alarms set for today
can i increase the credit limit for my visa platinum card
I lost my phone. Can I use my card without the app?
what is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros
What ATMs can I use my card?
have i already got eggs down on the shopping list
I need an alarm.
will it be good to buy nike stock today
start email for address not in contacts
Let me see what emails I got.
set the event to recur on the first monday of the month
are you sure its going to rain tomorrow
i want the light in the kitchen powered off
Whats 10 percent  off 40 dollars
Can I cancel an order if I haven't received the item yet? And how can I get my money back? Please help. Thanks.
I no longer want this can i cancel my purchase?
Olly, give me yearly average stock price for the last 5 years on Amazon.
please wake me up at seven thirty am
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY PDA'S
Add to calendar every year on May 2 is Mary's birthday
would you stop please.
please help my transfer go through
What countries can I use your services?
pls turn off my patio lights
Can you set the event for monday at 6 at mcdonalds
what time is it in this city
My latest payment was declined, I was told everything was back to working order. What happened?
add this email to my address book
I am worried about fees for top up cards?
There are two of the same charges on my account.
is a socket converter necessary if i'm travelling to london
set a reminder about todays faculty meeting at 4
Why isn't my card working? I was pumped to use my new card but it keeps getting declined. Help please.
is there a limit on top ups
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there, what is happening?
Why was I charged a random fee for a transfer I made?
Which ATM's can I use to make a withdrawal?
foreign exchange rates
I used the wrong ping too many times and now the account is blocked.  How do I unblock?
lower the lights a little more
add this new email with contact
i have to report fraudulent activity on my bank of the west card
How can I go to the place?
Schedule a reminder on 15th march and input name as meeting
olly's command is incorrect.
My ATM transaction shorted me on cash, and I think the exchange rate was wrong. Did I receive the correct rate?
play my morning playlist
what is the timezone of saigon
can you help me find my routing number from wells fargo
Please find me the most recent news on
How long is delivery to the US?
delete all my appointments for today
switch to red colored lights
My things were stolen and I need to know if I can still use this app.
How do I exchange USD to GBP?
resume the playback of a child called it
Activate vacuum
how is the traffic in san francisco over the bay bridge
siri what does survey mean
make coffee for me
please set a meeting with nancy at 4 pm
What is a pending cash withdrawal?
i want to have a new playlist of songs
what do i do to get new insurance
When is the train coming?
how do i let my bank know i'm going to vietnam
Is there an auto top-up option?
Why did I get a fee from the ATM?
Play Thinking Out Loud now
what do i need to complete first from the list
My top-up hasn't gone through
what are the coordinates of everest
lets hear a fact
how much is twelve divided by four
that is all, just cancel it.
can you delete all events from my calendar
where do i go if i am seeking the routing number of dallas capital
Drop (sender) a line
use my phone to dial work
Can you tell me why a refund I'm owed is not showing on my statement?
my vacuum cleaner should start between ten to eleven am everyday
what's the due date for my american express payment
What are all the currencies and cards supported to use this?
what is price of dollar
when will the day off be
i want to clean my bedroom put the vacuum on and go to my room
what time is it in north korea
Will you please show me my lists?
i need a taxi to take me to the airport please
let me set up direct deposit for this
i need to have an appointment to get my oil changed
opinion about latest gadgets
this was not the correct response.
yeah that was fantastic.
i would like to know the latest from nbc news
What is the next event in my calendar?
find me the perfect girlfriend
If I don't live in the UK, can I still get a card?
I NEED HELP WITH MY CARD!!!!! please. It keeps getting declined when I try to use it. I have tried a few times to use it and it keeps getting rejected. I have no idea why.
What is the best pizza near me that delivers
what kind of plugs will i need when i'm in ecuador
I made a cash deposit to my account but i don't see it
it's helpful, thank you, olly.
i appreciate that
what is the temperature to cook chicken in the oven alexa
i would like an uber going to atlantic city, new jersey
identify song
uh no, it's not the right answer.
shut the lights off
Why was my card payment declined?
How do I know it is a Mastercard ATM?
please create a new contact information about jo
How does a bank transfer for topping my account work?
Pull up the menu for the closest Mexican restaurant?
when will my new visa get here
does not matter, olly.
why are all my identity details required
read my to-do list to me
sorry but this is not the correct answer.
olly stop please.
Is it raining in New Brighton, PA?
Is my meeting with Bob tomorrow at 3:00PM?
There is a repeat charge for the same item
Olly, send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
Silently adjust
hi there, how are you doing
What should the oven temperature be
can applebees take any reservations
The latest climate and weather news.
What to do if my card has been used without my permission?
shutdown the sound.
I would like to make a transfer. How much does it cost?
Can somebody else top up my account?
what keeps you busy in your free time
turn on the lights
Do not talk
overall day
turn off the office lights
open gallery post video name
reduce light intensity
please say the utterance said again.
Olly is Swat a good movie
set reminder at
start the radio
where is the closest movie theater in columbia s.c.
Please add haricut to March 27th at 3 pm.
create an email to ____
What currencies is an exchange rate calculated in?
what time are my alarms set for
rewind button
add a meeting with my mother for next sunday
how much did i spend on christmas gifts in december
Remove event from my list
set an alarm for me at eight am
where's home for you
Reverted top up
co play game monopoly
could you check and confirm detail please.
Play my favourite radio.
How's the exchange rate looking right now?
jump to the next podcast
what hobbies do you like doing
no, that is not right
dammit, i didn't ask for that.
flip a quarter
Read out my shopping list for today.
My balance is not right. It has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
play audiobook of arijit singh
alexa event reminder mona tuesday
prepare coffee now
Why is top up not working for my apple pay app
do i have milk on my shopping list please add it if it is not
I moved.  I need to update my details.
use google to show me how to cook
The withdrawal was declined I am unsure as to why this happened?
Let's send an email
Will any ATM's decline my card?
how many g. b. p. can i get for one dollar
what type of calorie numbers are in onions
did apple stocks go up or down
what is the my comcast bill this month
how much is one american dollars worth in england
Is there a limit to the top-ups someone can do?
Could you turn the light off?
can you turn on the radio
thankama
what song am i listening to
name list
can you lock all the doors in the house
set my alarm for twelve pm
I want a refund on this.
what's the best place to just get away from it all
you can unsync from my phone now
do i have plans on 12/03/2019
that was incorrect let's try again.
How hot is it currently in Costa Mesa ?
The transfer to my account was not allowed.
meeting tuesday noon
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
help me tell visa about fraud on my account
it doesn't really matter, olly.
i need a place to stay in newark near a bodega from may 2nd through the 4th
where are italian restaurants in me area
What do I do about my expired card?
Should I complete my security verification before I can use my account?
Look for shopping mall, Sacramento, women's clothes
How can I change my PIN without going to the bank?
you have that incorrectly.
please can i know what time will it be at six pm here in australia
repeat this list in random order
what's a good movie that's out right now
turn shuffle on music player on
may i know the time in london
let me know how many carry ons i can take on a flight with southwest airlines to dallas
could you please check and confirm the detail.
When will my new card be delivered?
what time i am waking up tomorrow
how many cm make one foot
How do I order my card?
please explain me more on what you said.
where do i go to get new insurance
PDA, give me some Bowie.
Hello I made a bank account transfer from the UK. The transfer was a couple hours ago, nothing has shown up yet.  Can you check to see if everything okay. Please.
What creates buttermilk?
My American express works with my apple pay, why is top up not working?
I need to terminate my account immediately.
show me how do i schedule a meeting
i need to know how to apply for a mastercard
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at seven am
Should my top up still be pending?
what events are scheduled for me to do today
How do my friends top up my account
i need you to schedule a meeting with carrie and lisa
My money disappeared right when I tried to top up
xchange rates
i need to know if mr pizza delivers
please add watering the plants to my current to do list
remind me to check the steak
i would like to solve maths issues
Where is the tracking number for the card?
Turn on Wemo.
system please dim lights to dull blue
I can't figure out how to transfer money into my account.
What is the weather going to be like today?
flip that coin please, i choose heads
send a request to martin
PDA, what is a cow
what is going on right now on twitter
is there a national holiday on fifth december
i will repeat the question clearly for you to understand.
how much gas do i have left
Save my last playlist
let me know the name you have for me
Remind me to read book next week
What happened to my top-up? It was all done and now it's gone! Are you having problems with your system?
What is a good movie to see right now
what is tomorrow's date
events happening between eight am and five pm today
Why wouldn't my contactless work for the metro?
make my todo list blank
turn the light off in the living room
Does it cost money for currency exchange services?
my card doesn't work anymore
can you turn off the smart socket
can i order olive garden to go
what is motorola going for today
could you speak it one more again please.
I topped up and went to buy something, but it says that my funds are pending. Is there a way to quicken this process?
olly i said call jack not jake.
How to access my virtual card
Seems like my top-up has been cancelled
where's your birthplace
How do I query a payment on my card? It looks like I have paid for the same thing twice.
read me my list of things to do
can you please check and confirm the detail.
not happening
when is the next train to philadelphia
can you tell me my shopping list items, please
Do top-ups have a limit?
let me know if anything happens on that subject
PDA do i have a dr. appointment on the 6th?
How come I was charged extra when I withdrew cash?
do not care, olly.
I have a pending transaction
Is it possible to hold money in different currencies?
put that song in my favourite list
Put dinner with my sister on Saturday
Can I have an espresso please?
what is the cost of a train ticket to denver
get apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contacts
i am sorry but you are not correct.
I would like to cancel a payment. I purchased something several days ago and i still have not received it.
I'm expecting a large refund from a store I returned merchandise to recently.  They say they have sent the money but I don't see it in my account, can you help.
sorry but i think this was not the correct command.
I can't find the money I just added to my account.
yes it was confirmed.
Look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency 100.1
How many species of bees are there in the United States?
How many currencies can I have?
When did Beyonce and Jay Z get married?
play the next episode of drunks and dragons please
does mr t have a family
how does my name appear
PDA check on this week's weather report
that's good.
get my paycheck to direct deposit
what are the currect travel alerts in africa
raise the lights
what day is it today
what am i up to this weekend
now playing
I couldn't get the money I needed.
can you please clarify once again.
do i need to get shots before i go to kenya
do is on my calendar for today
I am not sure where my phone is.
this is unimportant with me, olly.
tell me my friends most recent update
how long does it take to transfer money, my retailer is waiting
I want to choose a new PIN.
can you tell me the time it is
how long can i keep chicken in the freezer for before it goes gross
Delete all the events from my calendar.
Director who direct an act
How many children does Sandra Bullock have?
tell me the calorie content for an apple
how do i make cookies
I go the wrong exchange rate applied to my purchase in a foreign country.
is there a way to do top up with apple pay
i want you to call me something else
what can i do for fun under dollars around me
Why are my payments not working and show pending?
lower the lighting
My card payment has been pending for a long time now. Why is it taking so long to take. It should have already made it through.
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card, and the bank is now closed. How do I get back a card swallowed by an ATM?
Send email to Rajesh
This company is bad, delete my account now.
please activate my coffee pot for me
Where can I get a new passcode?
how many ounces are in a cup
oh sweet thanks
can you tell me the name of this song
lower lights in kitchen
turn off wemo
have remainder of the program to listen
can you take off the next event on my calendar
you have got that exactly.
decrease volume level
Tell me if there's any new news on that topic
how much have i spent on food recently
did you get instruction correctly?
What do you think about the day you will expire?
How long does it take for a card to arrive?
if i'm using citibank, what is the interest rate
where can i find my gas tank
Contact ... customer service via twitter
find me the smallest coffee shop in new orleans
I did not get my card yet, is it lost?
Help my find the verification code on a top-up.
Beam me up scotty
Define Love
my luggage appears to be missing
what is two plus two
My transfer was not approved
my names carrie
record pb
I asked for 100 but only got 20.
What are the age requirements for opening an account?
do you want peanut butter for your lunches this week
i need to create a new to do list
cup of coffee please
let me see cultural events for this weekend in palermo neighborhood
please notify my bank that i need more checks
how do you make pot roast
go to radio
how many dollars is 20 yen worth
order travel ticket
can i get my transactions for the date of the 23rd
My top up didn't go through
you are chatbot
Where is the card PIN located?
turn off my first alarm
i do not get the last sentence.
credit limit change
don't mind to choose any one.
There is a strange card payment I don't recognise.
what specific health plan do i have
will traffic be good when i leave in five minutes
is there any events planned for the next three months
30 minute reminder on meeting for Tuesday
please flip a coin i select tails
youre a doll
i was trying to buy a chainsaw at the tractor store and they said my card was declined
How is the traffic from home to work
olly please would you shut off.
excellent response to the command.
Do I have any music by Lady Antebellum?
can you please check the question.
i am not so clear about your answers.
how long would the wait at the restaurant be
i want to listen to be more chill by ned vizzini
on what day do i have to pay my nordstrom bill
can you swipe to the next song
change my light color to blue and please turn off the kitchen light
Play something with three or more stars from New Music.
please confirm details.
Wake me up at 7 AM.
increase the volume to fifty
write an email to john (body)
How old do my kids have to be use this?
what trips are available from new york city to poughkeepsie
Why would there be a payment on my account I don't recognize?
when was my oil last changed
How many pesos will I get for $100?
Where is the Closest Restaurant
How can I process a refund for something I purchased?
please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me
indeed
What stores can I sue my card?
Please tell me how to get a card if I reside in the US.
set a one minute timer
tweet at united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
Tell consumer service in a tweet that if they don't improve I will take my business elsewhere.
Why do you need verification for my identity?
oh no, that was not the right answer.
What's the rate between the USD and Ukraine's currency.
PDA, can you tell me how many stomachs a cow has?
Hello I changed my mind and want a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
open radia
email dad how is the weather this week
take grocery buying off of the list
was is my salary
are there any accidents on the four hundred and five
what do i need to buy to make pierogi
start a miley cyrus station
define monetary for me please
generate fresh list
it is great one, thank you.
z uses which type of plug
I tried and tried, but I could not complete my transfer. Tell me what is wrong.
New list please
What are these fees i am paying?
remove grocery shopping from todo list
My top up didn't work.
why must I prove ID
can you tell me if my application for a credit card has been processed yet it was at chase bank
How to modify my details.
remove that event from list
the table should be reserved at 8pm at tropicana using martins name and it should be for 5 people
go forward to the next song on the playlist
where is the closest walmart to boise, idaho
how many bots are in a dollar
my luggage is lost, i was on american airlines ab123 out of los angeles
text mom saying happy birthday
Play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one.
turn off audio
My wallet was taken and I see that someone is using my card!   Please help me!
I think someone stole money from my card
cut down the volume
Whats the Ratio of value of the indian rupee and a us dollar?
you are my hero,.
How much more do I have to pay to exchange currencies?
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
please tell me what you have just said one more time again.
in tokyo, what time is it
let's play our favroite football match on tv
i want to listen to be more chill by ned vizzini
where do people go to eat in this town
i want you to call me lord
yeah that is perfect.
does south korea require an international visa
Do I have any upcoming events in my calendar?
Show me upcoming programmes on 105.1
I just received a new card, where do I go to link it to my account?
Can I have more than one card?
can you get me train ticket prices please
what is needed you to cook apple pie
What am I supposed to do if the funds haven't show up from a transfer completed this morning?
can you tell me what the limit is on my capital one card
in classic all music are there ever any singers
I've tried my card a bunch of times and it never worked.
I'm using the app and I noticed a payment that I didn't make.
i forgot my pin number for my credit union bank account, can you help
Please don't shuffle songs in music player just playing continuously.
how much will my monthly bill be
I see a direct debit transaction in my app that I didn't make.
i need some sushi what's closest
can you make a phone call to roger
hmm, it is not what i wanted.
set the alarm in my calendar events before 5 mins
play me harry potter from the place i last stopped listening on
Increase lights please
how many teaspoons will make one tablespoon
how can i stop my credit score from dropping
if i wanted to spend the lowest for my electric bill, then how much would it be
provide the name i should use to refer to you
what are the next three alarms set to go off
i couldn't buy a mug from target because my card got declined
when is the expiration date for my discover card
how many alarms do i have set
Ok Google, is the dollar stronger than the pound?
Complain to...
thanks for the help
Remove the heading of the list
I am overseas in China, can I get a replacement card?
can you find me some good places in kentucky that serve sushi
i need to report a new card please the atm hurt mine
what you said now was not clear.
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
Do I have a date on Friday?
i need to top up by card.
What do you charge for physical cards?
i don't know how to spell theater
dea guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
Why would there be a payment on my account I don't recognize?
where do i find the interest rate for my platinum account
turn off my smart plug in thirty minutes
You shorted me money when I tried to make a withdrawal.
I need to know how much it costs to transfer funds.
When will a cash withdrawal show up?
I bought some stuff this morning but the payment shows as pending
what is my schedule for tomorrow
How do I set my physical card PIN?
delete every event
Where is the nearest walmart?
could you do it again please.
I did not receive the correct amount of cash.
Outside Traffic  status please
How much more do I have to pay to exchange currencies?
i'd like you confirm the question please.
does bank of america charge transaction fees if you use it in canada
how is shell s stock doing today
sorry but you got this incorrectly.
send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on saturday see you then
I would like to know how I can verify my Identity.
what is the commute time to the theater
hey sound is low can you tune it up
what is the carry-on policy for flights on panam
dammit, not right response.
I made a mistake with a transaction!
I don't want to hear any more songs of that type
Can I purchase extra non-virtual cards?
save all songs from katy perry
i want to play fifa seventeen
yes your understanding was perfect.
i would like to hear what you said again.
Please continue playing Odd Thomas by Dean Koontz.
repeat.
what time am i supposed to pick up john again
How do I cancel a purchase?
can i make reservations at grub burger
I transferred some money but the receiver can't pick it up for some reason.
start new list
olly will you just stop it please.
Remove eggs for the shopping list
set a brand new timer for eight seconds
start playing my most played podcast
Is it worth driving 10 miles from here to save money on gas?
what color is a dragon fruit
can you tell me the meaning of fluctuate
tell me the weather
What is the extra fee that showed up on my card?
I'm still waiting for delivery of my new card, why is it taking so long?
today i had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart play me a nice song to the mood
thanks but i think it's incorrect command.
have you responded my phone calls
what is the credit limit for my navy federal card
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
tell me my designation
Let me know when I get charged extra for payments. I saw on the app a fee I wasn't forewarned about.
can you please check and confirm the detail.
How long does it take for money to transfer as my balance hasn't been updated
tell me how to apply for an american express card
remove 'table' from furniture
What are the sources for the funds in my account?
find restaurant order food name
book a taxi for me
could you do it again please.
would you just cancel it please.
What day of the week is the 23rd of this month?
It is 5:45 am in Liverpool, what time is now New York?
erase calendar events
what is the purpose of exsistance
with what can I verify my identity?
Where do I top up?
please can you confirm the command.
angry bird
i've lost my phone somewhere
What do you require to verify someone's identity?
The attempted transfer failed.
Alexa, please send an email to mom
How long does it typically take a transfer to go through?  I sent some money to a friend earlier today, and she really needs it.  It still is a pending transfer, even though I sent it a few hours ago.
can you do a british male accent
i want to get a new shirt; will the money in my td ameritrade account cover it
Weather for the next week in New York
add this song to shared playlist
play a mix of rap and rock, one after the other
Let's cook meatballs together!
Are you able to guide me to my card's location?
how much traffic does atlanta georgia usually have
How long until my card will get here?
Could you change the lights colour to green, please
It looks like someone besides me ordered something with my card, what should I do?
i'd like to confirm the josh reservation at moe's
What are the restrictions on the virtual cards?
I need to send an email to Laura.
what day is my bill due
give me a joke about horses
run the vacuum cleaner
can i apply for a discover card
Are there any limits if I use these virtual cards?
i didn't understand what you just said, can you repeat it
Olly, do I have any calendar events this month?
pay the red cross the monthly donation
i tried to use my credit card yesterday, but it did not work
could you please raise your volume
can you find a rental car for me that is available this monday through thursday , any make will do
i lost my luggage
i'd like to pay my coned bill
could you please further elaborate me about what you have just said.
What is the cost of a transfer?
what about the calories for this chicken salad
I'd like to order another card
can you confirm what i last said please.
could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
sound the alarm at 6 am tomorrow
are there any veg restaurants in phoenix
pda set a reminder about my hair cut appointment on the 21st at Floyd's 99.
when is my meeting with jim scheduled for
i gotta know the meaning of life
Recommend songs based on my playlist?
How do I top up by card?
My transfer is still pending and I know the account numbers are correct.  Please help.
when am i next having a meeting in december
can i tell you about my day
turn my bedroom lights off
When will my card be here?
yeah get it perfectly.
what is the value of the yen right now
set an alarm at six am tomorrow
who was the last person to email me
Could you explain the meaning of exorbitantfor me please?
My card payment has been on pending forever. What is the problem? It should have gone through at some time by now.
will i need to get a plug converter when i visit guam
where can i find the mall closest to here
Why does my statement show a $1 charge on my account?
Pause the audiobook.
What are they saying about Donald Trump on Fox
what's the date is currently
i'll have to cancel my reservation for tonight
what is the max on my credit limit
My card was rejected
hmm, either
is there anything fun to do in manassas, virginia
any one would be okay, olly.
start roomba
Writing
Can you tell me what cards and currencies you support?
can you add this song to my country music playlist
what types of activities do you enjoy
how do you say cat in spanish
what time does the last train arrive in dallas
Why won't my card accept any transactions?
until next time!
I don't know where the top-up verification code is.
could you check my bank balance for me
do you have any monkey jokes
what is 10000 divided by 20
Reschedule the party to Thursday.
Set up a daily reminder for me.
i would talk to you later on.
Are there any ATM machines near me?
raise my credit limit
make me coffee at eight am
what do my benefits look like
tell me the amount of pto i have used at this point
I made a transfer and was charged extra. Why?
what's my current health care plan
Hello, I noticed there is a payment from my card to a business that I am not familiar with. I definitely did not make this payment.
how do i get to the supermarket on foot
insurance benefit information
Is it going to rain this week?
play my favorite music
search for any upcoming book fairs during next week in washington dc
please find out the share price of i. b. m. in nasdaq
It looks like my top-up was cancelled
Fast me the news of academy awards
i think dan scheduled a meeting today with me, can you double check please
would you say that you are human or copmuter
Tell me why my card payment would be reverted.
will my delta flight leave on time
why wouldn't nordstrom accept my card
Tweet 'customer service not good for LPG service' in my Twitter account
do you recommend any movies that are currently playing in me area
Are new cards available from China?
What is todays forcast?
you didn't get it correctly.
Is the top-up amount unlimited?
call raju phone number
fix an alam
I could not get the top-up to go through
How long will it take me to drive to work today?
Make a note of my doctor's appointment on Wednesday next week.
do you need a special outlet converter in sweden
add hells bells by acdc to my playlist
does fridays do takeaway
has my mastercard application been processed
Top-up is loaded into the card and no update.
id like to know if there are any accidents on the route that i am taking
can I top up an apple pay?
Play scrabble with me
list my lists please
I want topics on latest news
Is it possible to go ahead and log in, although I have not been confirmed yet?
Why is my payment declined? It looked like everything worked ok and my account was fine.
Could you please book me a taxi going to 'location'?
how are you doing, ai
please could you tell me again.
give me my current location
how many minutes should i set an alarm for this bake
create alarm 6am
delete all events for the next five days
when can i pick up my chinese food
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't create. I don't know anyone by that name.
Remove my next scheduled appointment please.
tell me about the list.
Hello! I randomly got charged an extra fee today as i was shopping online and i have no idea why! Are there extra fees for card payments? Or am i missing something here?
add john@gmail dot com to contacts
Tweet something for me.
where is the closest mexican restaurant
A card has been sent to me, how do I track it?
I still do not see the cash deposit in my account from last week. Why?
PDA are you real
How do I transfer funds directly from my credit card?
Unlist the meeting on 4th October, 12 pm
do not mind.
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
places to order takeaway food
Can you look at my account ans see why my card was declined
is cheesecake factory busy right now
how long was bryan cranston on breaking bad
Can I use my card at any ATMs?
How long should I have to wait before I see the transfer in my account?
Will I be able to get a disposable virtual card as well?
social media updates
Quiet on.
I would like to add money to my account through my American Express.
Hi, My card is getting declined continuously when i am trying to top-up. Request you to look into this issue or tell me any other alternatives.
Can I know the breaking news from CNN?
i wanna know where the w2 is
i don't have enough money to buy the nintendo switch right now can you please remove it on my amazon wishlist
send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china
wake me up at time
can i get the directions to the nearest bar
can you check the facts on this issue
Play my dance music playlist
can you play acoustic music with no commercials
Problem verifying my account
when will my tires need to be changed
please check and confirm my last question.
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
can you get me a flight from san francisco to san jose using american airlines
what is amount of time it takes to get a new credit card i lost mine recently
can i get an order delivered from romero's
Remove the list called Party Time
How long until my next doctor appointment?
My payment was stopped
hey reply a mail which i received
book flights for me from nyc to la on march 1, returning on march 5
show me best in class theatre
RADIO KO ON KAR DO, ABHI ACHCHE ACHCHE SONG AA RAHE HONGE.
thats not it please do it again.
i do not know.
tell me the exchange rate US$ v/s Indian Rupees
Is the 4:30 PM train running late?
hmm, i think incorrect.
can put fan on
what is the traffic now
checkout today third set alarm
Book 3 round trip train tickets for Sunday at 7pm, return ticket of next week Sunday at 8am
Do I have a party tomorrow save on my calendar?
what is the square root of 80
Lower the lights in the house.
PDA, I want to make a list and this should be automatically saved as a text file with the title, list.
remove the list called party time
cooking recipe
who is the singer of song
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
Is currency exchange possible?
i do not really know, olly.
How can I transfer money to a beneficiary?
A cash withdrawal has been done that I didn't do.
Where is Pategonia?
I am worried about the amount of my cheque, which should be credited to my account few days before. As i have already sent you the cheque.
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
does travel to africa require any shots
when was the date that i was last paid
Please remove milk from my grocery list as I already bought one today.
could you speed up your speech
tell me how to use credit card points
do you know exactly when you were born
it was wonderful.
is my card working properly
notify me of the latest news on the stock market
Hey tell me a  knock knock joke.
Did PAOK won Liverpool?
My card payment is still on hold, why is it so?
yes you've got the command exactly.
Why do the top-ups need to be verified?
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
My card information seems to have been stolen! I don't know where these transactions came from and I've never even been to the city where they were made. I need my card blocked ASAP so this person can't keep using my card.
Give me some health tips
i was on american airlines flight ab123 out of houston and i can't find my luggage
tell me my friends most recent update
please increase the volume to 4
Is there a train from Philadelphia to New York City at noon?
what is the smallest payment i can make toward my xfinity bill
continue to next podcast.
what does my shopping list entail
change the lights of the house to a blue hue
Olly can you tell me how to cook chocolate chip cookies?
i helped a poor needy today, Olly
play for me hip hop music
I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you if that's possible.
give me the info of when our next day off is
what are my alarms
i wonder how many points i have earned with my bank of america card
please lock the doors
How old was Albert Einstein when he came up with relativity theory?
what timezone would tampa be in
please play all the songs in high volume and make adjustments to pop music mode.
Please load new e-mail for Bruce and send message now.
Are there any free events on in my area today?
Define astronomy
please write up a compliant
How long does it take for me to get my pin
are there any new snapchats
can you bright the lights please
When does a UK transfer show up?
I want to top up my account. What payment methods are supported?
Olly, hit me up with the weather news.
you have done it right thank you.
anything is fine to me, olly.
i want to know how many vacation days i have
list all emails with subject contract
The ATM ate my card; how do I get a new one?
alarm status
how is the traffic on rt 5 towards my work , community bank
last incident of my car in the shop
PDA play my shazam playlist on the Spotify app
get rid of my eight am alarm
What is the result of 100 minus 50?
yeah that is confirmed.
Play my music I have programmed.
Why are there multiple transactions showing for one purchase?
tell me how to jump start a battery
i would like to know where the closest gas station is
Why does is payment not going through? Did my account get frozen or some other issue I don't know about. What can I do to fix this problem?
that is cool, thanks, olly.
how do i switch out my oil
convert current time from g. m. t. to est
HELP! I tried to get cash and it gave me some, but not the right amount!
I am unable to transfer money. I believe it is not working because it states it was declined.
I need a physical card.
resume harry potter book four
can you tell me the weather forecast
I made a transaction at an atm and was charged extra for it.
What is the best way to exchange currency?
i need a w2 form, how do i get one
yes got that perfectly.
Is there a list of ATM machines?
call my bank and ask them why my account is frozen
make a contrast one
show me events in sacramento
I asked for cash but I did not receive all the funds
are there any places nearby i can rent a car at
what was the last time i had my car at the dealer for repairs
speak loudly
What do I do to exchange currency?
what is the current song called
add this song to my music
what would wells fargo use as routing
that's correct.
tell me the meeting schdule please
how many times a year should i change my tires
play poker with me
which is the costliest and the cheapeast city to live in some particular country.
tell ann and scott where i am
i like alt rock music
routing number for american river
it was enjoyable to chat with you
help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies
tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
How do I order a new card? The current one is about to expire.
i can't see let's make it brighter
book me a train ticket to atlanta please
What do you require for identity verification?
Nothing goes through on my card.
i need you to stop talking
Could you please remove the set of alarms between 8 and 9?
Hello, I was just went through my recent transaction on my bank account and I just noticed that I was charged twice at a place that ate at this past week. Can I get that second transaction removed from my account?
What do I do if I believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
play today's podcast from the mi
What are the most economical card to buy right now?
Please play only Sonu nigam's Song.
how much have i spent eating out this week
please rephrase more on what you just said now.
what holiday is next and when
adjust the light option
send my money between accounts
have a moan at easyjet
Why isn't my Google Pay top up working for me? Did I do something wrong?
I had everything lined up to make a transfer, and then it rejected it.
Let me know when it is 10:00.
I didn't receive all the cash I asked for
Why haven't I gotten a virtual card yet?
it's cool, thank you.
delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
Find current stock pricing for stock in Samsung.
what kind of information do you know
please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to new york
give me a traffic update
thanks for the helping, olly.
remove jess's party from my calendar
i think olly's answer is not right.
How can I dispute a debit transaction?
turn on vacuum
This isn't fair! I thought transfers could be made for free. I just made  a purchase online from abroad and now see some strange fee that I've never seen before.
The card payment I attempted to make failed.
In my app, a direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
whats the schedule for today
i'd like you just cancel.
please say it one more time
Latest News from Jersey
how do i update my pin number for my account, please
what are the best italian restaurants in chicago
Whats the time now?
what things can't you do
show me how to make tuna casserole please
What countries will my card be supported in?
Why is it showing that my account has been charged a dollar that is showing as pending?
s1, again rephrase me about your answer please.
can i use red onions instead of white
Is it going to be cloudy or sunny today in Bangalore
what is the time now in new york
schedule a chat with Adam on Thursday afternoon
What is my card's PIN?
could you please help me in listening to the radio
i am under 18 and i am trying to verify my id. why wont it work?
remind me about this
Remove this list from the others
Open the contact named John
may i know the about alarm you set
Why can't I top up with a cheque?
Open CNN app
I withdrew $100 but only received $20
I might have been charged on my debit statement by fraud.
do i have enough money in my charles schwab account to get a new baseball bat
please turn on all the outdoor lights
I think something went wrong, I didn't get the right amount.
Is my account accessible even though my verification of my identity has not passed yet?
Where are we in the stream of time?
For some reason my card payment hasn't worked. what can I do to look into that?
How long is my Europe transfer wait?
play the radio music band
Compose new email to <email address>
What song am I listening to?
what is happening to my order
Will the PIN come separately?
in which time zone does denver reside
Please put a freeze on my card,  I am worried there has been some payments on it and I don't know what for.
can you say once again.
can you tell me what my federal tax burden is
Does Google Pay offer a top up option?
how old would you be
is there any carnival taking place in our area
What options do I have for holding currencies?
would you please further clarify me about this.
what is the temperature on the ac
Show me my events for the month
I will be traveling and want money to be added automatically in certain intervals. Is this possible?
order a pizza from pizza express
please will you check last thing said.
Why am I being charged a fee on a card payment?
how many pto days are in my possesion
tell me a joke about birds
Your service is terrible,.  Delete my account,
Why don't I have my transfer?
can you text the sgt adam and tell them i found the missing girl
expectations
it's not the right answer.
Enter Mary's birthday party with the family on February 22nd.
Do I need to add my salary?
i didn't get that, please repeat
please cancel my reservation for 5 at red robin
demographics
lower volume
i want to put this on my rock playlist
what happened to my pizza order it has been an hour since i ordered
How do I verify the top-up?
yeap you have understood my instructions exactly.
What do I need to do for the card activation?
i don't want this song, move to the next
What are the steps to change my PIN to something else?
i would like to hear the last one you said again.
i can't get that.
I just noticed that I supposedly made a payment to a seller a while back. The problem is, I don't recognize the seller. There must be a way to see who it is or track the payment. Can you do that, because I don't remember this transaction?
I need to add a new email to my contacts.
i'd like to know what to call you
i think incorrect command.
can you recommend any pub in m.g road
The app has rejected my top up.
List all the alarms
wake up time
hey can you please make me a creamy coffee
what is the total of my repair bill
play the jazz station
I am wondering if International Transfers take longer. I a made a transfer from France two days ago and believed it would be here already. Please let me know when I will get it!
give me a recipe for lasagne
How do I top up by cheque?
s1, again explain me about your response.
I think a card payment I made was cancelled, can you check?
Will you charge an extra fee for top ups?
why on earth would a block have been placed on my account
I would like it if my PDA could make money for me.
show local events near me
what's the balance on my bank account
Remind me about the meeting in 1 hour.
ring the alarm when i get home
send john a mail for financial report 2017
is it possible to drive now in ohio
add eggs to list
what is our purpose
turn the sound up
How tall is Jennifer Aniston?
i want an alarm set
california
Block off 3 to 5 on friday
can you further clarify me on that please.
I was charged twice, when I didn't purchase anything twice.
i need to change the credit limit i have
can i see my credit score
after losing a credit card, how long does it take to get a new one
How far did I walk this morning?
convert new york time to london
contact customer service
How do I get my salary through this account?
Hello. Can you tell me if you use Visa or Mastercard?
Today the following happened to me: I had a meeting with George
Add my sister on calendar for pedicures on Friday.
tell me what's on my reminders list please
i want to change my bank of america account pin number
Format the calendar
I'm interested in learning more about product refunds.
are there any alarms set what are they
give me some tips on building up my credit score
add new email to anna
take the doctor appointment off my calendar please
Do I pay a fee for SEPA transfers?
I am from the EU, can I sign up?
go to agha station
Where do I have access to a virtual card?
how would i say, 'i don't know the answer' in spanish
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
can you locate some gospel music for me
please create a new list
Hey what is the weather like today
continue playing My book of Vitamins
What is the traffic like today?
new twitter message
Is the PIN separately delivered?
Play Soundcloud
yes you have done the command correcly.
i have to say affirmative on that one
when's the next time my job'll give me a day to myself
which film the music comes from?what is the name of the music
How do I make my transfer go through
that checks out
clear my calendar for tomorroq
Are there businesses that don't accept this card?
How do you make spaghetti
play new radio channel
Set a meeting on Wednesday at 3pm in room G30.
let me thank you
i do not mind to select any one, olly.
please play some jazz
How long does a transfer take?
how long do i need to cook pot au feu for
Dim lights
how bad is traffic this morning
Tell me about all my events.
I've been checking my statement to see if I've received a refund I requested from a seller a while ago has arrived. But it has not. This should have come back to me already. Can you help me figure out why it's not here and get my money back?
map out a route from here to abita brew pub
that's cool, thanks.
Was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday?
I deposited a cheque, but the balance hasn't changed yet.
i'd like to find ways to improve my credit score
do i control you
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I am blocked.  Help me unblock!
can you let me know what company were you designed by
stock up or down for walgreens
Turn up the volume on the music
Any new email from the boss?
I think I lost my card . I dont know how long it has been missing. Can you see if maybe someone else has been using it?
Cortana, search my calendar for my next event and notify me before it occurs.
I am dissatisfied, I would like to close my account.
please transfer $s from saving to checking
i think your answer is wrong.
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew was wrong.
Send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to Consumer Digest.
that was cool, thanks.
Where do I order my card?
What are my reminders for this week?
Set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
tell me amd stock prices
tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
will there be snow tomorrow
hmm, i think you have done the task wrong.
it's awfully dark here
give me the list of circus shows going on in the city right now
Mute for (specific time)
I paid my rent into the wrong account, could you please pay it into the right account, it needs to be done by tomorrow.
Tell me when I get new emails from Principal Lowry.
Is there any possibility of rain this week
tell me the details of the music playing
yes you've gotten my instructions exactly.
is there any events are in the local area
that is excellent.
What spices are in Indian food?
Do all businesses take this card?
do i have any new emails from sarah
please tell me that one more again.
order a large plain pizza from mimo's for me
I made a payment but the app gave the money back.
turn off the socket
what time is my domino's order expected to arrive
mute speaker
Add a new notifier for the GPS On my car.
would you repeat the last please.
i cant seem to activate card
how much gas do i have here
enable smart socket
chicken noodle casserole is made from what
I goofed up and used the wrong account.  Please help.
flip a coin for me ai
how many lists do i have in contacts
please turn the lights up
bedroom lights off now
do you know if my vacation was approved yet or not
Play the next episode of a podcast
Where is a great pub
what were the things that i wanted to remember
new scenario time or calendar to new list
I was charged more than once for a card payment I made.
what to i have a my to do list
queue up ymca
Show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
Alexa, remove dinner with Mike from my calendar.
will you tell me that one more again.
can you now please go back to the original settings
Why is there a pending transaction on my card?
What reminders do I have
who can i turn to if i lost my luggage
Add event in calendar
Adjust light when I get home
are there any travel alerts i should know about for buenos aires, argentina
what is the total amount of my starbucks rewards balance
is the a reason why my transfer has failed?
What should I wear today?
xy wikipedia facts
Where is Mary's birthday party being held?
please would you just cancel it.
play current episode
email my mom
I received duplicate charges.
What is the fee for topping up a US card?
i feel like having soup for lunch order from wangs kitchen restaurant a chicken manchow soup
i want to hear this podcast
can you name the type of pets you have
suggest a meal from peru for me
If I order a card when does it arrive?
go to the next song and play it
update work out list with new items
I don't want to attend the dinner on March 1st anymore, so could you remove it from my agenda?
if i go by bus, how long will it take to get to the airport
What do I do if the ATM took my card?
domino's delivery status
can you flip a coin i call heads
Cash withdrawal still pending?
What is 6 divided by 2
i need to get a hotel in phoenix near chase field from january 4th to the 8th
can i have cup of coffee
Tell me why my topup wouldn't go through?
how secure is a disposable virtual card
I am reluctant to use ATMs international because I don't get an accurate exchange rate
I would like to play tetris.
give me a cool fact about potatoes
anything would be good.
Where can I find the top up verification code?
prepare a cup of coffee for me
How long will my ATM withdrawal be pending?
tweet complint to samsung
What are my lists so far?
give me the shopping list
How can I get a real-life card of my own?
My card won't work.
What countries are you available in?
tell me who made you please
can i bring suntan lotion in my carry on
where is my gas tank located
Perpetual meaning
how many dollars are in a pound
that is helpful, thanks.
show exchnge rate of usd vs eur
decrease volume to very soft
turn the speakers down to five percent
bump some jams
thanks, that's fantastic job, olly.
I need to update my personal details
Turn off the lights in my room
I need to update my info.
show latest news about migration
what's the exact date that my chase card will no longer work
what sort of hobbies do you enjoy
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working in my country?
will you please confirm what i just said.
Olly, show me some news from BBC
can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow
how do i find my present location right now, please
what's the best way to jump start a kia
Please change the color of the light in the bathroom
which days did i take vacation
Why did I get charged more than once?
Book me a train for the next available train.
when will i recieve another paycheck
on what date is easter this year
Write an email, recipient, Ray.
can the delivery be specific to my needs?
are there any expected delays for flight dl123
please would you check instruction.
oh it's great job.
true, most definitely
how do i set my coffee machine to make coffee
are there any accidents on Harvard?
Is it okay to hold money in multiple currencies?
Send email to family member and read it first.
my water bill is how much this month
How do I change my last name?
is my card set to expire soon
Can both a Visa and Mastercard be received from you?
what is on my to do list today
My transaction history is looking a little off. I have been charged twice for multiple different purchases, and would like to have those duplicate charges refunded.
Check inbox for jack
Tell me what I wore yesterday.
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
The ATM keeps declining my card! I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is alright with my account??
I transferred some cash and it has not arrived yet.
Hi, I am interested buying crypto currency but unable to purchase it through the application. I do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
Olly, I challenge you to a game of tic-tac-toe.
get me an uber to chilis
i like you check it please.
can you order an iphone7 for me with two-day free delivery
I have a Visa and Mastercard, can I use these?
how does this cars mpg do on the highway
when did i last bring my car in to get looked over
i have to go to a meting on friday at noon can you remind me
Can you do me a favor, my eyes are feeling strained on these lights, can you please change it to a cooler tone?
A transaction is repeated several times on my account.
change the station to eighty two point four
set alarm for saturday morning soccer practice at eight am
the meeting with justin and katrina has been changed put it on thursday
what is my car's mpg, please
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
don't bother, olly.
hey olly I saw a dog today
find me an audio book version of ready player one and play it for me
what are my shopping list's content
never mind, don't do that
write down that i am going to meet with jenny on the third okay
can you please make a coffee
i do not really mind, olly.
play songs by coldplay
Can I cancel a transfer if is already processed?
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
What currencies can I hold money in?
I want to hear The Bob Cesca show
Ok Google,  can you tell me what the White House is?
let's go through all pending reminders
I want a refund
Hey, please reply to last Pawel's email
what is the traffic like today
how much are the taxes on my income
My recent transfer needs to be cancelled immediately; it was a mistake, please can you cancel it before it goes through?
continue with my audiobook please
What is the charge for paying with my card?
I tried to charge my card but it was declined. A couple days ago I was able to charge it and it was accepted. Is something wrong? Will you double check for me please?
enjoy your day, goodbye
go back to previous episode of podcast
hey, i just put in my order and i was wondering what the status of it
thanks for your asssistance.
Hello I made a bank transfer couple hours ago from my UK account but it doesn't show up yet. Can you please check if everything is alright with it?
resume recent audiobook
what are my finances like lately
find the serial podcast and play it
please find today's stock prices for samsung company
please give me a really impressive piece of trivia about bubble gum
Decrease lighting
delete everything on the menu
no, that is not right at all
add tal meeting on 21st at 7
new address
how much gas does it take to get to jackson
Olly what is the weather like outside
Please put Event X into my calendar and mark it as a repeating event.
you refer to me as what
Still waiting for transfer to be completed.
i would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
Why was I charged an extra fee when using an ATM?
go to email and send message to
How quickly can you get me my card?
when will my vacation get okayed
Why can't I transfer to an account?
I am not satisfied with your service.  Close my account.
Put this event in a repeating pattern on my calendar
Can you start the coffee?
delete shopping from my list
what is the name of the tallest man?
what health benefits can i use
Let me know about the stock rate of a Micro soft
Siri, find train tickets to NC
who is the president of america
Where do I look for cash top up?
my card seems to not work because its blemished
Can you tell me which cards and currencies are supported?
Transfer has failed.
I moved.  Where do I update my details?
list ongoing events near me
canadian us exchange rate
I would like to cancel a purchase.
How do I get my money back for something I bought?
it is of no importance with me, olly.
do i need to get any shots before i travel to liberia
book a train ticket from washington dc to savannah georgia
Make a playlist of music from artists on the Exodus CD
what percentage full is my gas tank
olly that is enough, just cancel.
For some reason my contactless won't work for me.
how many es are in receiving
what's the currency conversion between rubles and dollars
Does Vocelli's do takeaway?
Put out the lights.
What is the youngest age in order to have an account?
can i substitute rice for potatoes
the exchange rate at which my card payment is at is wrong
I would like to add money to my account through my American Express.
Olly start coffee at 6am
do i have any off days this week
what about this event?
bring up all the runner lights
what is 10 + 20
will i get getting my new card anytime soon
Has it been a busy day?
What should I do if I see a withdrawal is pending?
i'm thankful for your help
Tell me how to replace my expired card.
DIRECTIONS TO DISNEY LAND
Brighten the lights on the front porch
Why was I not able to get cash from the ATM?
Keep the socket in off condition
confirm
please tell me does zeus do reservations
What is the longest river in Spain?
Please tell me what lists I have.
What alarms will wake me up tomorrow?
I need a card, but I'm in the US at the moment.
Why are my transfers getting declined?
Olly, what is the forecast in town today?
I want to op up my account by using bank transfer. How do I go about it?
i want to figure out how to do an oil change on my car
How come I did not get a virtual card yet?
contacts please
Is there a way to set up an auto top-up?
event remove
post to facebook I'm home
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
Play adele hello
this does not matter, olly.
what is a good joke
How can I view the source of my available funds?
thanks for your answer.
olly will you shut up please.
google the word
what is your mother language
celebrities
thank you very much for reminding me of it.
what plug type would i use in japan
so when should i change the oil
are you able to help me pay my mortgage
I can't do any business with this virtual card.
when was my car in the shop
How old do I need to be to open an account?
Soon my card will expire, how do I get a new one?
can you tell me how much pto i still have
move on to the next podcast episode
simulate rolling a dice and tell me what it lands on
who sings the song about a long black train
turn down the lights
is apple pay eligible for top up
pause the music
Update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
don't bother.
please remove my alarm
How to modify my details.
I made a mistake this morning when I did a transfer. How do I reverse it?
How many disposable virtual cards can I have?
how much is usd vs cad
where is your original location
raise the lamp's light
what is the phone number for the nearest location of church's chicken
what's this song called
How can I exchange currencies with this app?
I was double charged at a restaurant can you take the second charge off?
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
Why would the app revert my payment?
ATM apparently not working?  Couldn't access funds in my account?
i shall switch to a new insurance plan
How does (insert model) do her makeup?
How does tranferring money into my account work?
what is happening in the area
What is the highest amount of top ups I'm allowed?
please tell me my present gps coordinates
What is the latest poll on the public view of President Trump?
can you tell me your last things spoke once more please.
activate whisper mode
yes the command is confirmed.
Play episode of Stuff You Should Know in queue.
remove seven am alarm
any one will be good with me.
Can I freeze my card right now?
Resume audiobook player.
search for a train ticket to newcastle
i was on delta flight ab123 out of new york and i can't find my luggage
When does 24 th come in the next week ?
I'd like Monday to remain open.
can you retry please.
Is there a fee for transfer top-up?
what do i need to make lamb pathia
what are the reasons I have to proof my identity to you?
Please check my Gmail for new mail
tell me the time in someplace
please make a coffee
update my shopping list, delete canned olives
is the stocks which i have invested are increasing
Hi, Yesterdays i was unable to do online shopping as it was getting declined. Today I am facing the same issue. Please help me in this respect.
What is a good way to make steak?
bob is my name now
start a vacuum cleaner
tell what is the value of sin thirty
get my credit limit changed
i want to use my credit card points
you rock, thanks.
find updates from vicki's facebook from mardi gras day
make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
what is the weather going to be like today
read me some fun facts
Please set a reminder of Raju marriage on 31/03/2017
call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
List events from this three o'clock to five o'clock
Can I top-up my card using a bank transfer.
does macaroni grill have a wait how long
I want to tweet a complaint about my truck to Consumer Digest.
Will I get extra charges?
on may 12 to may 16 can i get a car from aiken
How is the top-up card verified?
please delete the next event on my calendar
i need help finding my mobile phone
Do I have any recent emails from my contact favorites?
Is my top up not working?
Is it possible to order a virtual card?
I have lost my card, but need to place an online order! How do I get a virtual card instantly?
Get me latest updates from Facebook.
What are the scores fo the two UCL games going on right now.
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order
i would like to change my credit limit
my name is steve
dollar to pesos exchange rate
tell me what the weather is like
how many cups in a quart
Finances.
give me a recipe for lasagne
When will by order from taco bell be delivered?
could you book me an appointment for an oil change
What does top-up verification do?
I want to listen to the latest Mike and mike podcast.
what animals do you have
how ya been
set my alarm for eight am
Tweet Freedom Pop customer service I am disatisfied.
play compassionate cook episode twenty three
Is there a way to reset my passcode?
would you shut up please.
Run the robot vacuum cleaner
what time is the meeting tomorrow
Was George Washington the first president
I did not get the cash that is showing up in my app.
increase volume to 4
can you tell me how long approximate wait times are at cheesecake factory
turn off room lights
please block off friday at eight am on my calendar
I got the incorrect amount of money given to me from my account
i am sorry but i think you're incorrect.
how much is five dollars worth in euros
I need to top up, but I have to use an international card.  Is there a cost for that?
i am sorry but i think you are not right.
what is the status of my online order
help me book a rental car in green bay
how do I get top up to work for my card
start playing american gods where i last stopped
Why am I not able to withdraw cash from this ATM?
What's a pending transaction? My card was declined at an ATM, but my account says it's still pending. Can I cancel the payment?
can you tell me what haggis looks like
fantastic response.
Read me the email from Mom, including the subject.
should i put air in my tires
Do I have to use a bank approved ATM to withdraw money?
Our water bill was too high
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
turn on the smart charger
I saw a payment come out of my account for a merchant I don't remember.
Play the song i didn't hear from last month
My top-up appears to be pending.
what do i need to do to rollover my 401k
How can I top up my account with a cheque?
give me some bowie
your volume is too high please repeat that lower
Are SWIFT transfers supported?
Can you please sort out your top up? I need this to go through asap because I really need the money. It's already been pending for an hour.
please check last thing i said.
what time is it in london
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
Please mute yourself.
How long do money transfers take? My friend really needs the money i sent a couple of hours ago but it's not there yet.
my phone needs to be unsynced now
erase my next calendar event
sorry but that was not the correct response.
s2, do not get the last sentence.
Do I have new likes?
I want the wemo socket off.
what is jeff's number
I am wanting to refill my card, is there a charge?
how would i go about setting up a direct deposit
what is 2/3 x 1/9
What is the status on my latest order?
have i recently had an oil change
open music player settings
add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday
who engineered you
Why is it asking me to verify my identity
I don't remember my code to get into the app.
schedule pizza takeout for seven pm
PDA, Internet Please
Set first week of June as holiday in my calendar
I did all that was asked of me and I am rather frustrated. I don't understand why you just won't credit me my money back. I have contacted the seller and nothing has been done. It's been a week!
please look in to the matter
Where can I use this card at an ATM?
can you guess my name
play me some melody song
I haven't seen the cash yet from the cheque I deposited.
please tell me that one more again.
Where are the locations of ATMs that accept this card?
create a reminder
please send my location to kevin and also to lucy
Explain the payment that was declined!
How's the weather going to be this week?
have you been good
what time do I have a doctors appointment on the 22nd
When can I order a disposable virtual card?
create list
keep that song for when i need cheering up
are car rentals available out of new york from march 2 to march 3
yeah strongly agreed.
is a peso worth more than a dollar
My top-up isn't working.
tell me a fun fact about butterflies
What currencies do you do exchanges for?
what new movies are played in cinemas this week?
please switch to the girl voice
Is there a cash withdrawal fee? Because I just got charged?
how do i change inches to centimeters
i need help paying my rent bill
does redrobin do reservations
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. This is cause for a bit of concern. Is it possible to withdraw here without additional fees?
jump to the next song on this playlist
how is it outside
turn the volume up
Is it noon in Paris?
Please put a freeze on my card,  I am worried there has been some payments on it and I don't know what for.
off mobile charger plug
turn off shuffle
let's go through all pending reminders
What list is available for food products online?
How come I was charged extra when I withdrew cash?
can you tell me what you can help with
what subjects do you know something about
can you set a timer
What ATMs can I use my card?
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I did not make
do i have to get shots to travel to iraq
If I need to do a quick transfer from China, how long should I expect the transfer to take?
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
olly tell me about some cool events going on here
turn off the light
Will you deal with SWIFT transfers?
how much pto have i accrued
i would not really mind, olly.
can i have cup of coffee
get answer perfectly.
i want dimmer lights
How old is David Bowie?
I need my card to come as soon as possible.
can i get a reservation at melting pot tomorrow
Video Games
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
My beneficiary is not allowed, please may I have answer as to why this is?
can you define this word
what are the top headlines around the world
can you tell me if zeus does reservations
How long for money transfer to show?
ways to transfer my 401k
I had to pay a fee when buying items with my card.
What type of cheese do I need for my enchiladas?
what rating do the critics give the french laundry
find out what my water bill costs please
can you tell me if there's a travel alert for that country
Where is the closest Mastercard ATM?
check the status of my credit card application for me
i have lost my phone
any events happening nearby?
give me a joke
please provide world hot news
yeap good response.
i disagree with a charge
Need a new passcode.
open uber
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
lunch with deb at noon today
how much longer until my credit card expires
thanks for doing that.
Females
Why did you charge me extra?
i need to know what day i need to pay my water bill
My disposable virtual card doesn't seem to work
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
cleaning is good dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
what's the news from source
what's today's weather
Hi, I am currently in the process of buying a flat and I am waiting for the mortgage to go through but it keeps showing up as an error.  Do you know what could be causing this and can you help me get the money over.
how do i make that scottish dish with all the blood and sausage
go to email and send message to
What steps must I follow to get a Visa credit card?
Create a new list called Grocery Store, please.
start over using factory setting
What should I do if I exceed my PIN tries?
Am I supposed to verify my identity?
Remove my dinner event for tomorrow.
From 4 to 6, when do I have a free break?
Are there any fees to get additional cards?
can you explain string theory to me
what is the current time in california
Do I have any event on my calendar tomorrow morning from 10 to 11?
could you please recommend a mexican restaurant for take out
get city cab here to airport
please allow dan to see my location
Can I get a card if I don't reside in the UK?
why is a transfer to beneficiary not possible?
show me all the shops that i can find in milan
how long can you go between oil changes
mind connecting to my phone
The expiration date on my card is very soon, and I need to get a new one.  What are the price and delivery options for my replacement card?
My top-up was reverted by the app.
More information on this event...
find local shops
please open my contact list
you have got my instructions right.
who do i need to contact to ask for a credit limit increase on my discover card
what are some fun cheap activities to do in colorado
what's around me
I was charged multiple times at the same location at the same time
Is the card welcomed by everybody?
Start radio, station 107.5 fm
when did dave matthews email me about the contract
Give me Petey's telephone number.
play jingle bells next
what artist is singing that song
Play hip hop music
any idea where flight dl123 is right now
mute the volume.
Is there an allowance on cards?
you did excellent job,, olly.
Play dinner party music.
when did i last have my vehicle checked on
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
are there any available train tickets to reserve
s1, further rephrase me about what you just said now please.
My card suddenly quit working.
Do you allow exchanges of EUR?
please change the credit limit
I want to transfer from accounts in order to Top up. What are the steps necessary.
I'd like to hear folk songs from 1968
remove last played song
What is the temperature I am supposed to cook this lasagna at?
it seems cold
olly schedule a news update for tomorrow morning at seven am
How long does a transfer take from the point it's sent, to the point it arrives in my account?
open fishdom game
have the roomba run the living room
how high is the air in my tires
I've notice I was charged for withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
i'd like to change my pin number for my checking account
I sent a check into the system but still haven't received the cash yet
Am I scheduled to do anything on x day?
turn off the lights in the bedroom
How many Inches are in a foot
is it possible to have a higher limit on my visa
My card has an issue, the payment has been deferred.
Can I get a full list of instructions for identity checks?
what is is the details of my bank account
I needed cash from the ATM but I couldn't get it.
What factors effect the exchange rate?
show me what you think my name is
Do I have a Visa card as an option?
i like you to confirm the detail please.
I would like to better understand why my pass-code is not working.
My top-up was revoked.
semd email to my contact
switch my amex pin to 1234
how do i get cash back for the rewards on my amex card
what is the meaning behind life, do you think
Why does my transaction have an added fee?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up! I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
are there any international transaction fees associated with my visa card
What is on my list?
What is Mom's email address?
Hey PDA what's today?
Why can't my transfer complete?
do you know when my car was last looked at
how long will it take me to drive to the park in west county
yes you understood it correcly.
limits on top ups
do you like cat or dogs
How do I reset a forgotten passcode, please?
what are john's contact details
Yesterday I had my phone stolen.  Please advise what I should do.
Why is my payment still pending?
again elaborate.
My card got stuck in an ATM.
i need to know what the point of life is
set music system to mute
tell me the current time in san paulo brazil
tag you're it
get me an uber for 4 heading to miam
tell me what the word die means
Please remove that event from my calendar
i have to know what plug that country uses
detroit is in what timezone
you have gotten that exactly.
i want this song put on my "kids" playlist
please flip coin
Email Chelsea
save settings
does this car need high octane gas
what day is easter
This is not right, I was told I could take out cash at the ATM for free?
What is the five day forecast?
did my vacation get approved yet
what defines a triangle
I need a few more physical cards.
new policies
There's a possibility that my card was compromised.
make an alarm for one and two in the morning
what subjects do you know
what's next on my list
thank you for chatting with me, bye
why is my bank account stopping all transactions from going through
I need my PIN, where is it?
please put bread on the grocery list
Will this card work at any ATM?
Let me know when applying extra charges for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
i appreciate the helps.
you are helpful, appreciated.
I think that the card is stolen.  What are my next steps?
help me get up at eight thirty in the morning tomorrow
what stores have clearance
you did awesome work,.
Can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
tweet at united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
What are the train times today?
I made a cash deposit going to my account but it is not there
Should my top-up be completed by now?
is there any events planned for the next three months
schedule a meeting for me
Please set repeating reminder for my friends birthday on April 5.
tell comcast i am still on hold
I am interested in changing my personal details.
i am trying to find out when is the next payday
can you shut up please.
prepare coffee now
What steps do I need to do for shrimp parmigiana?
do i have any meetings coming up with dan
Between May 1 and December 31, what meetings occurred
which was my insurance plan again
Why did I get charged more than once?
book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
find me someone
i can't hear just increase the volume
that is not correct
I'll take my coffee, black
The ATM is declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's anything wrong with my account?
when is the expiration month for my card
flip a coin and tell me if its heads or tails
Will I need to carry around a brolly today?
how many vacation days have i consumed
Open Pandora app and play station named Hoizer radio.
the exchange rate was different than expected
find ny train time
I would like a free day tomorrow from all the events.
what should i know about the carry on policy for american
train ticket please
The app doesn't believe its me.
you work for someone else or no
Why hasn't my transfer been made?
What foreign exchange rate will I get on weekdays and on the weekends?
i like you to confirm detail please.
i would not mind for whatever, olly.
no, i think it was not the correct command.
call mymother
book a taxi at my home address for right now
the chip on my card is damaged and i need a new one
directions
where is my luggage, i was on delta flight ab123 out of dc
what am i up to this weekend
could you please find me the latest news from a source that i do not usually go to
it was great to see you again, see ya later!
i want to order some takeaway food
that was not what i meant.
Important house information
I expected a higher exchange rate when I withdrew money. Can you tell me current exchange rates?
for pasta primavera, what ingredients will i use
fight me in street fighter
May I change my PIN?
so, where do you come from
what is on my alarm schedule
what is today's day
train schedule for today
play latest songs for me from the net
Can I make transfers before identity verification?
tell me the simple interest of seven with interest in two year
reset the factory settings
What is the Netflix stock price.
Is the city  hot or cold in terms of temperature .If it is a coastal area,then is the humidity high or low.
make some coffee
turn off plug
send an email to my supervisor
i need a reminder to order cookies
Play the new record of Malika
Turn off my wemo plug socket now.
please tweet for me about the bad service rended by the taj restaurant
What time is it in New York City?
How can I setup automatic top-up?
let us try it one more again please.
it's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
that's enough, stop it.
I tired to move my money, but my transfer was declined.
check my shopping list
Why was my transaction charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
what's the temperature
if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california
What are the train times to travel from NYC to Poughkeepsie?
Why has my transfer been declined?
My phone was left behind.  Can I still use my card?
how do i get to the beach by bus
Can my friend send me money if it is not in US dollars?
call an uber and have it pick me up at my present location
I'm still awaiting for the completion of the transaction.
can you share something interesting about world war one
please only call me joe
How do I enable auto-top up?
What is the longest that a payment will show pending?  There is one showing that has been sitting there a few days.
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
my party list
what are the fees to use my card in nigeria
please can you check and confirm what just said.
how many minutes do i need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go
i am looking for a vegan friendly italian pasta recipe
s2, i was unclear about your answer.
what does one have to damage in cream to make butter
Do I have to verify the top-up?
give me the morning news
i am sorry but that's not the correct answer.
it's nice one, thanks, olly.
yes strongly agree.
tell me the news in technology from engadget
I'm upset because I got charged a ridiculous fee when making an ATM withdrawal over a holiday weekend.  It didn't notify me beforehand either or I wouldn't have ever done it.
what's the name of this song
please introduce yourself
This song is my favourite
don't really know.
This past holiday I made a withdraw at the ATM machine, and it seems I've been charged too much.
Have I received any emails from Shaun?
why is my top up failing
what day is payday
what's the expected time to have a stolen credit card replaced
what is the weather next week
what all lists are available
brew me a cup of coffee
open social media account
i need you to make a reminder for me to give the cat her flea medicine
which gas would be best
can i use check to top up
set alarm on twenty fifth may at five pm
when i go to dubai will i need a socket converter
i'd like to augment my workout playlist with this tune
book ticket for paris by train
make the volume lower
set alarm at 2am
tweet a complaint to apple about my iphone seven
olly i like you cancel it.
please change your language setting to russian
help me, i don't know where my phone is
Tell me about George Washington
Silent mode
where's the routing number for wells fargo
Play the last album on a loop
what are the steps to jump start my car
Where do I scan my card?
find a train going from prague to brno
origin of word
You shorted me money when I tried to make a withdrawal.
s1, please explain me more on your answers.
put cleaning on my to do list
who has responded to my business within the last twenty four hours
start the podcast over that i started last night
Alexa, please turn on the lights.
what do i need to pick up at the grocery store
Play new pop music
please turn the volume to the loudest setting
change the light colour to green
What can I use a virtual disposable card for?
Where do you deliver cards to?
i need to know how much gas i have
where should i avoid this morning
add an alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
How can I activate my new card? I didn't recieve any information with it about how to do so.
what sort of animals are your pets
My card doesn't seem to work anymore
The app says I made a cash withdrawal that I didn't make
repeat that fun fact about mt everest
enable shuffle
do you know why my bank account is frozen
complaint
does chili's take reservations
Has my card been lost in delivery?
Please turn off wemo socket.
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
what amount of pto days do i have left
i need you to cancel my reservation for smith at the williams diner
whats on my reminder list, read back
When is the next month that has 31 days
let me know my march 2 calendar
please set a reminder alarm for three pm on Saturday
define swerving
set up each day an alarm at ten time for my meal
Help me.  The passcode doesn't work.
i wouldn't really care, olly.
please find out of charley's steakhouse delivers
I've already sent the money out and still have not received money in my account.
does my checking interest rate seem low
what's the next thing on my list of appointments
buy me a train ticket
delete this list
increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
How do I make sure my transfer isn't goin to an unsupported merchant?
can you try what i just said again.
Erase calender events
Where is the card PIN?
call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
i want exact time in washington right now
show what i have spent things on
I no longer want this account, what should I do?
was a hold placed on my wells fargo account, and if so why
My card must have used my card as there are some transactions that I haven't done myself..
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
nope, i think you've done the task all wrongly.
What should I do if I think my card was stolen?
I like top 40 music
My card didn't go through.  It doesn't make sense.  You told me that everything was ok.
consumer desk
How can people transfer money to me?
send email to jim
does my checking account have a pin number
My commute was difficult today.
Do you have any limit on the auto top-up?
what's the smallest amount i can pay on the water bill
please add an email to my contacts
my luggage is lost and i would like help trying to locate it
i don't mind for any one, olly.
what alarms did i set today
who do i contact for lost luggage
all food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list
thank you.
how much do i pay the government in taxes
Send me updates on the Standing Rock protest.
How high is the exchange fee?
what is the minimum i can pay on my phone bill
clear list
When is asparagus in season?
I'm just wondering when my card will get here.
There's a payment in my history I don't recognize
how do I get my card to show in the app?
Two days ago I did a transfer to another account within the country.  It doesn't appear the transfer went through.  I have verified the account number several times.  Could you please check on this for me?
what is the sum of fifteen ninety nine dollars and six sixty five dollars
give me some lavender toned light
i am looking for my phone
How old is Angelina Jolie?
cancel my reservation for dinner
Can I get cash with this card anywhere?
how much so far pto have i used
I couldn't transfer to an account.
Can you change the living room lights to a softer color?
which place has more traffic
what is the amount of miles per gallon this car gets on the highway
How long do I have to wait for a transfer from the US?
What is the minimum age to open an account?
i need to rollover my 401k to a new job
please put me your input to know my schedule
How can I get my card out of the stupid ATM that ate it?
website to start aaa new insurance plan
I would like to hear some good funny jokes.
For the identity check, what kind of documents do I need to have?
what are the train times between eight am and ten am at east chicago station going west on sunday
Why is there a pending time on my transfer?
march 20th through the 22nd, please book me a hotel room in manhattan big enough for 10 people
How do I verify the top-up card?
Please turn off shuffle setting
i want to start a new list of power tools on sale at true value
can you play the next episode please
what are the effects which will cause when america splits in to three
How come the ATM won't give me my money?
Will it cost anything to top up a US card?
i want a new pin for my savings account
Create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner.
I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet. How long do EU transfers actually take?
what is the definition of altruism
olly that's all, stop it.
find map
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
Which store's got the cheapest 3 pound beef rump?
Are there going to be fees from adding money with an international card?
what do i need to do in order to redeem my credit card points
should i get an internation visa to go to switzerland
may you say that again
Set my alarm for 6am
can you do some research about the best places to travel
I want to post a status on Twitter.
What do I do if I believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
i just used my final check order more
Can I be given a new passcode?
remove milk and add eggs to my shopping list
play the radio station
Is my card broken? I can't get cash out of the ATM
what kind of credit score do i have
z uses which type of plug
bed room two darken
it was pleasant having a conversation with you
bring up my location
If I will be traveling, is there a way to auto top-up my card on certain days?
what is coral made of?
I checked the exchange rate when I withdrew cash. But the actual rate that you applied was different.
I need to add my new address now that I've moved.
remove all alarms if any
help me convert feet into miles
please would you elaborate me further on your words.
Why can't I use my card?
plays the podcast from the beginning
play for me jazz music
what's my current limit on my visa
i know that is true
excellent job, you've done well.
how long before i can eat at chic fil a
Is it raining outside?
how do i cancel my account
Why is the exchange rate different than expected on my transaction?
set a 3 minute timer
retry please.
how long does it take for the train to get to orlando
Name a rom-com movie playing in and around New York theatres.
The next even to do today is
spot
post complaint about servcie A
i have a car payment that needs to be paid
how's the traffic
what did <unk> today
1PM REMOVED 1AM SET
in what place are you originally from
I completed an in country transfer a few days ago and was sure to check the account information several times since the transaction was completed, but the funds are still not available. What is the problem?
My transfer hasn't gone through yet.
What is in a curry?
olly could you please shut up.
My pin was blocked, how do I make it so I can use it?
i really must know when should i get my oil changed next
What are movies that are playing near me with high reviews
decrease the volume to ten
Enter silence mode
help me build my credit score by showing me some ways on how to
Do i have to top-up with my credit card before I can transfer?
how many saturdays are in march?
How do I link one of your card that I already have?
Top up is not working even though I have my AMEX in apple pay.
Tell me how I can verify a card top-up.
who do I talk to, to cancel a transfer?
continue playing where I left off
It's been two weeks, why has the transaction for $1.00 not been reversed?
how many miles per gallon does my amc rambler get
Give me a 3 day notification before my chemistry exam please.
define ataraxy
Give me some dim light
Tell me the names on the list.
What's a fuel rail injector?
twelveth july is bola's birthday and my calendar to be updated with this date
I tried using my credit card with top up but it didn't work! I thought it was supposed to?
I recently purchased something and the seller says my money has not arrived yet. It was in EU's. How long does this take?
how much is my electric bill for this month
Olly, can I please have a cafe Americano?
i think not right command.
what do you think i should prepare for my dinner
Remove my car payment on my calendar.
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
Will you put on the music ?
give tim my current location from the gps
whats on my list for shopping
forward email
entertainment news
what is the apr on my discover card
When did the USSR dissolve and the Soviet Union rise to power
Hi. I noticed I have a duplicate charge which I have not made twice. Who should I talk to take care of this?
create a new text message
what is current traffic in ohio
I need to update my address.
show me the train schedules to the metropolitan opera house
I can't remember my password.
Alexa, delete the events from the calendar on 28th march
what is the definition of valor
check the current playing music title.
Does the fee for exchange change?
w-2 tax form where is it
path to hallway!
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank?
how high is my balance on my discovery card
please turn the lights on
Why did they take more money out then I withdrawed?
I transferred 7,000 to a receiver outside the EU and they received a lesser amount than what I sent, Unfortunately, now I must send an additional transfer to the receiver so that they can receive the full amount I initially sent.  I'm not sure why they received a lesser amount than what I initially sen, but can you please look into this and let me know what happened?
I asked for $40 and I only received $20, what happened?
i dont have an answer for that
I should have a refund in my statement but I can't see it
what's the spanish word for dog
Is it possible to obtain both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
My statement shows different transaction times.
i want to see transactions from this month
turn the volume to level 4
search for nearby chinese restaurants
Do I have any alarms set for tomorrow?
do you know anything about my income
read me a step by step guide on jump starting cars
give me the name of the insurance plan that i enrolled in
Are there any emails I haven't read yet?
email update
Will you guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
explain your answers again.
give me a new light color
do i need a converter for my electronics when i go to that coutntry
totally unacceptable.  I'm stranded with no cash because the ATM wouldn't give me any money!
Is it possible to deposit money in GBP?
show me what time it is
tell me about the sports stadium
what's the weather supposed to be like on wednesday
how long have you been alive for
do i need a visa for germany
find shoe shopping near my home
Is my child too young to sign up?
speak what i have just said one more again.
i'm changing your name to goliath
read that back
Pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
i want us to speak to each other in spanish from now on
Why was a transfer to an account not allowed?
whats the definition of transmute
I tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30. Where is the rest of my money?
Make the volume lower.
Mention the time in Canada now.
Since my card is about to expire, what do I do to get a new one?
AN OBJECT IS AN INVISIBLE
lower the intensity of light
Why is a money transfer not showing?
Where is the cash from my cheque I recently deposited?
Can you  tell me how to get AUD not GBP?
I've been trying to make a transfer and it doesn't seem to be working. (5 times) What is wrong with your system?
turn on living room radio
set a wake up call for ten am
What happened to my top-up? I think it was cancelled.
can you repeat that
Will I be able to get a disposable virtual card as well?
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined, I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
remind me to check morning news update
i want to know what the routing is for chase
Exchange rate on a purchase was incorrect
Can I increase my top-up maximum?
please begin clash of clans
why wouldn't you support american express? its a card i like and use often and i don't want to get a different one
The currency exchange for my purchase in foreign currency is incorrect.
i really need to get a volkswagen car rental for march 5th to march 8th in phoenix
If I top up by transfer, am I going to be charged?
I only received $20, but I requested $100.
start the vacuum
Want to play rock
What was the weather for the week
show exchange rate of u. s. d. and inr
I just love Adele! Please play my most played songs of her after this track!
olly can you stop it.
turn on repeat
what's my name
if i were english how would i say subway
What are the maximum amount you can do for auto top-up?
play random radio station
Food will be given at the exhibition?
What are the countries you operate in.
which date is today
How can I get another card?
it does not matter to me.
make a catalogue
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
would you check detail.
what's should i call you by
I need to cancel an incorrect transaction.
What are these fees i am paying?
call china wok
do i have tomato on the shopping list
move to the next episode of hipsterhood
Open iHeartRadio and put on the top 40
that's not what i just requested.
I cannot locate the card PIN.
Is there any email from Emilia?
What places can I use my card?
have no idea for what to choose.
would you check and confirm the details please.
has my recent order shipped
What do I do if my Google pay top up isn't working?
thats a negative
DId anybody email me today?
What is the reason my payment was not accepted?
Is this shop is good or bad
explain why was my card declined at boston market
do you have a record of when i last got my car checked
can you help me find my package
Where can I find this song, PDA?
I have a 9 am meeting on Wednesday.  Send me a reminder.
how many hours remaining for mid noon.
when's the next day off
Turn off the PDA's sound
have a anyinput day
i have a card that needs replaced because my wine dumped wine on it
Describe (insert) for me please
turn the lights blue at three pm
please delete list titled kickball
i want to set up direct deposit what do i need to do
I was unable to transfer to another account.
Why was the price higher when I paid with my card?
I would like a temporary virtual card
latest updates
Do I need to bring an umbrella to Manila this afternoon?
can you help me find my phone, please
what alarm do i have set for today
this is of no importance to me.
desync from my iphone
My account was charged for a withdraw I tried to make that was decline.
wemo socket on
what's my car's miles per gallon
i would like to hear heathens by twenty one pilots
what fuel do i need for my car
Tell me what is my to-do list for today.
Edit list.
Resume Pride and Prejudice.
My top-up was cancelled and I am writing to ask if I need to complete the 3D Secure authentication section before I submit it.
wait, i think this was not the correct answer.
PDA: I need to send a new email, here is the address and then add it to the contact list
alarm ten am
it's perfect, thank you so much, olly.
thanks but you are incorrect.
Put milk on the shopping list.
will it still work if i use applesauce instead of oil
Remind me about my schedule for the afternoon?
Isn't it a lovely song? please save this for me.
which organization you work for
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
display trains going to antwerp after two pm saturday
Can I give a second card to my daughter?
What foreign exchange rate will I get?
put a disco track
how many words does it know
brew a pot of coffee
I need to cancel a transaction on my debit card.
get rid of my reservation at chez francois for jennifer
what's on for this week?
Can I get information on the identity checks?
please stop
Would you give me a mastercard and visa?
let me know the status of my american airlines flight
In what year did George Bush become the president of United States
you are so helpful, appreciated.
would you repeat.
this credit card's apr is what
goodnight
you've done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
Help!  What should I do?  My phone was stolen yesterday.
status of weather
Open memo add note about my meeting
where in the world is there a travel alert
I need to reset my passcode. How do I do it?
Any important emails within the last hour?
i have how many vacation days saved up
Take me to the next episode if her story.
that's wonderful work, thank you.
could you speak one more again.
who has written to me or mentioned me in social media
how can i go about cashing in rewards with discover
PDA: What did I put down already on the Walmart list?
what's the mileage on my car
play next please
set an alarm for five am
give me the length of time that i can leave milk in my fridge
Hello. Can you help figure out why the recent transfer from my UK bank account isn't showing up?
how many more days until my next paid day off
Is going to a bank only way to change my PIN?
are you human?
please speak with the whisper voice
would you provide the number of vacation days i have
Play by favorite radio station.
If I exchange currencies on a frequent basis can I receive a discount?
start cleaning robot cleaner
Turn on kitchen light
turn on wemo plug in game room
what is mom's email address
what film should i watch
what's on my calendar for the 18th of march
Who is the singer of this song right now
I think I forgot my passcode
does pizza hut have delivery
Who accepts the card?
is there any new mail for me
can i schedule a car repair
book a flight from denver to austin on the 16th and returning on the 20th
please train
PDA name: alarm 5pm tuesday
Name the capital of Nigeria?
what are my total bills this month
I still haven't received my card in the mail
will you speak once again please.
Any charges applicable for new card?
Hey PDA!
from now on, refer to me as chuck
please sound an alarm three hours before a scheduled event
Do I have any lists?
thats right
Does the exchange rate change each day for purchases? There is a different rate on my purchase.
What is the weather like in New Brighton, PA?
read my lists to me
I believe that my card has been stolen!
I made a purchase but never expected to see a fee charged for the transaction.
find me a recipe for carrot soup
The seller of the items I bought online the other day hasn't received the EU transfer yet. How long do these usually take?
lower brightness of lights
what is the date easter falls on
Go to my favorite radio channel.
how is the credit score hurt
How do I link a new card?
What can I do if I lost my card?
Most current local news
uhh no, you have done task all in wrong manner.
What color is a dragon fruit?
what would be a good romantic dinner?
lets go nazi hunting
Are there any restrictions on where I use this card?
i need to call my dad
Is it going to rain in the next few days in Tucson?
I need to cancel a purchase I made.
Play the next podcast episode.
please tell me the last one spoken one more time.
it is fantastic job, musch appreciated, olly.
Why isn't my google top-up pay working?
Why wont the ATM give me cash?
what is frieda's home address
Is Bills cell phone number in my contacts?
list current set alarms
cheer me up
can you tell me my insurance benefits
PDA what is the answer to...
set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
Have I got any reminders in my calendar?
what is the nearest theatre that plays the new vin diesel movie
alarm set
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa
i do not know.
what are today's headlines
add mail id subject content
please book a train ticket from london to manchester
Why did I receive an error message saying that my transfer was not possible?
How can I cancel a transfer I made
erase my next calendar event
What's the process to receive a second card?
speak more quickly
i need to know my income
I tried to withdraw cash from the ATM machine and it did not work. Can you tell me why?
remove 'new year' from calender
My identity is unable to be verified.
Please remind me to take off coffee off stove in 10 minutes
how much vacation time do i have
Is there a discount for multiple currency exchanges?
I transferred money yesterday, but it still isn't available?
how is my commute
can you turn it up a little
What are the currencies that are accepted to add money?
15+20
I tried to transfer money and it did not work.
It appears my top-ups have been canceled.
that doesn't really matter.
convert one pound to us dollar
what is the title of the song
How can I top up with Apple Pay?
turn on Bob and Tom
can you play the song that starts with doo doo doo
Remind me at the start of each month.
how many meetings do i have today
How can I locate the virtual card?
Showcase the radio.
get more information on geographic information about this place
Book a train for 22 March at 12pm
How old is Brad Pitt?
what can i ask you
How many notifications do I have on Facebook?
when is the expected arrival of flight dl123
help me figure out where this fraudulent transaction from google came from on my account
i wouldn't mind to choose any one, olly.
send an email to my boss about my leave
please play help
Can I have it add money at certain time intervals when I travel?
sorry but i think you are not right.
what items are on my list of to-dos
wouldn't mind.
what is the current weather
customer service complaint tweet the following
tune into my selected station
Need to report a change of address.
uh no, i think not correct response.
will you roll a 4 sided dice
oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
look up the meaning of logic
i like you confirm last thing said please.
COULD YOU GIVE ME THE EXACT RATE FOR DOW NIFTY FUTURES.
How many items are on my to do list?
I have already given Mark his gift today. Please remove him on my Christmas gift list.
will you check and confirm last thing said.
I had food as soon as I got up
tell me the time in Moscow
what is the traffic like on the way to kaneohe
i want to rename you joe
this does not really matter.
how many lists do i have in contacts
change language please
I recently made a transfer that I would like to cancel
i know that the statement is true
What fiat currencies do you allow exchange with?
brew some coffee
remind me to buy ham when I am in the shop next time
can you see if there any trains going to
Did Erin send me any emails?
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
Delete next event on calendar
Please tell me the latest news
when must i change oil
how many calories are found in bagels
add 'birthday' wth mom for next month
remind me later
reverse a table for 5 at burger king under the name sara at 6
is there a birthday party today?
Its been 3 days, How long will my transfer take to get to my wallet?
go to setting
Which fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchanging?
good assistants
What is the point of verifying a top up?
I have a meeting, set a reminder for 4/9
are the review for mcdonald's good or bad
Is there a place to check for fee for payments? I feel like I'm getting charged too much at times.
I made a check and cash deposit that wasn't credited to my account.
im going to be in jamaica from october 4th until october 8th
please let me know the morning alarm time kept for weekends
i did not catch that.
am i low on gas
I got cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
erase shopping list
tell me that command one more again please.
Will I be charged to top off my account?
awesome work, you did well, olly.
A pending charge of 1L appears on my statement.  Please explain as I have not made a purchase for that amount
I would like to know why I was charged twice for my purchase.
I am having trouble withdrawing cash.
How long does it take for a refund to appear?
resume playback
i need to know the price of my car payment and insurance please
The ATM didn't give me the card back!
order the best priced general tofu in nyack
check my twitter notification
play a party music list
What is the scorecard of the India versus Australia Hockey game?
tell me if i have reservations at the back abbey at 6 pm
Is there a limit on the number of times I can use a disposable card?
s2, i was not so clear about what you have just said.
I noticed a different charge while I was taking my money out.
I need to figure out who has access to my card there are some payments I didn't make that are showing on the app.  Could you please help?
my insurance gives me what benefits
say again please.
i love hip hop
I have transfered to my account before but it is being declined now?
Why did I get charged more for using my card?
what is hello in french
change the opacity of the color
What kind of security protects my money?
Can you tell me why my refund is not showing in my statement?
Where do I go to change GBP?
how much luggage can i carry with me on flight dl2200 to denver
delete my meeting event for march nineteen at one pm
PDA, notify me about the event in my calendar.
see ya!
PDA check stock prices on this
Resume the song from the audiobook by Madonna
explain me further on what you have said please.
I need a good cry, can you play me sad rock songs?
skip to previous/next episode of this podcast
find me a bar in cleveland open until two am
can you inform me of my gas amount
can you please tell me who are you
turn on repeat
IM still waiting for my account to update from a cash deposit?
How can I transfer money between accounts?
i can't get what you said now.
it's dark in here
I wanted $100 but only got $20
How do I enable contactless pay?
what is the name of this song playing right now
is bacon on my shopping list, add if it's not
I can't get the ATM to give me any cash
I want to listen to station 104.9 please.
do i need to get any shots before travelling to australia
Remind me to look at the pasta in 30 mins
Give me the age of Chuck Norris.
What's in the news today?
Delete my alarm for 8am
I bought something this morning and the payment is still pending
please start calling me mandy
what is the expiration date of my credit card
replace my language to chinese
Why is the exchange rate so high? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
what sort of jokes do you know
I have paid money into my account but it doesn't show.
I lost my password
i don't have enough money to buy the nintendo switch right now can you please remove it on my amazon wishlist
i need to get a flight out of seattle to dulles next week for under $500
what's the current psi for my tires
I believe that the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawl is incorrect.
Which type of card will I receive?
Will I be charged any fee for receiving money?
How can I process a refund for something I purchased?
i'm out of detergent so will you order me some more
What's going on tonight in Sacramento
thanks but you didn't get me.
I cannot find my refund on my statement.
let me know if you are a cat or dog person
check my car is ready
it is unimportant.
current date
how do i get a refund for a direct debit payment i didn't make
what's happening on social media right now
Play Kari Jobe for me
I am from the EU, can I sign up?
the timer should have 10 minutes set to it
send message via email
I wanted to know what discounts were offered for current exchanges as it is something that occurs frequently.
start the coffee maker
let me pick your brain what do you think we should do for dinner tonight
Siri, cancel yoga alarms
what are the ingredients used in chicken curry
book please
mute for fifteen minutes
Play for me The Beatles song from Audiobook
how do i jump start my car
initiate polling for new email
I transferred some money but I think it has gotten lost somewhere.
The transfer keeps failing , I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Would you please check the issue?
i wish to know my credit limit for my credit card
what is the answer to two by two
Get me a Uber
does not matter for me, olly.
can you book me a room in new york city from april 2 through april 8
what is this charge on my card?
Is there takeaway at Papa John's?
Olly, what day is Easter this year?
What is preventing me from adding a specific beneficiary?
The wrong exchange rate was used when I bought something with a foriegn currency.
play hey jude
start irobot
fast
talk to you later
Can you help me reset my passcode? I forgot it.
Turn off/on the socket!
Are all fiat currencies supported?
do you want to play solitaire
what is the email i got from my girlfriend
I don't recognize what this payment on my statement would be for.
i spent what dollar amount last month on mastercard
Display the local time of London at this moment.
Since when were there charges for taking out cash from my account? It's always been free for me to do this before.  How much are the charges going to be?
how do they say "what's up" in chinese
Why did I only get $20 when I asked for $100?
what do i do if my car battery is dead
please help me figure out how to jump start my car
increase the volume level to 4
Find me all music for classical music.
object details
how do i make tuna casserole from scratch
i want you to mute
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
How far is it from home to Seattle?
schedule city cab from home to airport at 8 a.m.
What happens if my card payment is cancelled?
please add contact email johndoe@yahoo dot com to john doe's contact information
what street do i take to get to downtown
Add all the event of March happening in RCCG to my calender
start a new list
what firm is responsible for your design
set a calendar event to repeat yearly on this date
who built you
give me a cool fact about seattle
I did a transfer to my account but it doesn't show up
Please help me figure out the reason for the odd withdrawal amount from my account?
Email to my family saying I love you all
will you please again elaborate.
i do not think that is true, so i would say it is a false statement
Help me!  When I was abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
when does my gas bill need paid by
i need an italian meal suggestion
i want coffee everyday
will you check what i said please.
I need to ask you: how many angels can dance on a pinhead?
what's the exchange rates
turn off the light in the kitchen
i need to confirm my reservation for red lobster for frank
I want to listen to the rap station
transfer seventy dollars between national and citizens accounts
i need more cat food, please order some
please turn off the lights in the bedroom
Brew me some coffee
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
can i get a recipe for tuna
I am having to wait for my transfer to be fully processed. It seems to be taking a very long time in the pending phase. What is the normal turn around time that I can expect to see it completed?
I need my card activated.
What proof of identification is needed?
Make the volume to zero
name the singer
could you just cancel please.
please tell me all of my recent transactions
please make me a cappuccino
this must be mistake.
Tweet at Youtube saying...
set a reminder about tomorrows meeting at 9am
you did it wrong.
would you again elaborate please.
How can I move money from my account at a different bank to the account I have at this bank.
find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
I have used my account abroad for a while without any fees, why am I being charged additional fees all of a sudden?
I want to go to Bank of America. Give me directions
my phone is currently lost
I finished my transfer. I am having an issue with it still pending. It has been a long time and i'm growing impatient
check meeting room availability between one and three pm
I've been charged more than once for the same transaction
i'd love to set an alarm
delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
how secure is a disposable virtual card
Play this radio channel for me
Can you please check why I am having this extra fee on my statement.
There is a strange card payment I don't recognise.
stock
What is this €1 charge?
keep playing the episodes in order
What is the fastest that I can make a transfer?
Play Boogie in Your Butt by Eddie Murphy
Hey siri clear all my calendar appoints for today
Please quiet the speaker
How can I put more money into my account?
move a dollar from my checkings to my savings
I need to meet with debby tomorrow alexa
What fiat currencies do you support?
i can't find my w-2
when will my amex card reach its expiration
What are the currency exchange fees?
what events are this week
Please contact Michael M from my list with this text.
My balance doesn't show my deposit.
I didn't know there was a charge for tranferring. What is the charge?
list my today's meeting
What is Clint Eastwood doing these days?
have you heard any great jokes lately
The ATM gave me less cash than requested
In the app I see a direct debit that I don't recognize.
what does this stitch long sleeved shirt look like
I went to top up my card and it was cancelled.
PDA, post to Twitter: Trump is such an ass.
what's the time new york
what is happening in delhi today
start vacuum
uhh no, you have done task all in wrong manner.
What does penultimate mean?
What's the deal? Money has just disappeared out of my account. I thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to working.
Can i get a throw away card
i don't want eggs
play anything new from my podcast subscriptions
Why does top-up need verifying?
what do my bills add up to
Am I charged more for using the ATM?
play old fashioned christmas music
Can this convert money?
biography of person
how much are the international transaction fees for my chase card
Open games directory
What is the time frame for a transfer from the US?
Send an uber to me right now.
Tell me what is on my grocery list for this week.
add yosemite to my rap playlist
How can I get my card back out?
I am getting an error stating my transfer is not possible while transferring money. Let me know the issue as its the first time i am getting error, earlier it used to work.
tell me where you were born
What is the time difference between here and <insert city>
how do i convert tablespoons to cups
what does happy mean
how does the desk look
what hotels have decent reviews in bangor
what is the insurance plan that i'm signed up for
Why can't a beneficiary receive a money transfer from me?
Could you remind me to take the bins out on thursday
what time is the train passing by
order chinese from china spring wonton soup and a small beef and broccoli
will you stop please.
add what's playing on my favorite playlist
please list shops within one miles from me
I was trying to make a transfer and got an error message telling me it was not possible to make the transfer. This has never happened before, what happened?
can i see the previous episode
please delete all meeting after seven am
give a hand to this game
start playing again
please connect yourself to my main phone
Where was Seth Rogen born?
Tell me about the stock for X.
There has been a payment  in the App that has not be done by me.
JLO fan updates
kfi is my favorite rapper
what is the best way to insure that my credit score doesn't decrease
When will I receive the card?
can you call a taxi
tell me a joke about a man
I just want to top-up, why do I need to verify anything?
how would i say i love you if i were german
are you able to find my recent transactions for me
I need AUD not GBP, how do I change it?
Read out my list
Can you please tell me why my transfer failed?
Can I see my available money?
play bluegrass music
my card will work until what month
When does my transfer from the US arrive in my account?
how much mehta willing to invest in my company in meeting which held today at 5:20 p.m
I like jazz, you should know...
Someone that I had to send money to told me that they didn't receive the full amount I sent them - can you look into this?
raise the volume of the current music
where were you thought of
i will need a rental car for travel
can you set the temp to 69
Can I have my money refunded for an item
How can I solve my issue with holding multiple currencies?
how long before i get to dallas , in time, not miles
Why couldn't I get cash from an ATM?
Please help me set up a new PIN.
i'd like to make a payment on my credit card bill
i've let me bank know that i'm visiting south america from may to october
define
I got some cash of an ATM earlier but this shows up as pending in the app. How can this be still pending, I've got the cash already?
how long does it take to boil an egg
What time is it in the eastern half of the US right now.
please answer jean's email
I want to delete my account. I'm unhappy with the service you're providing.
Will my card work at all merchant locations?
Book a train ticket from here to Charleston, West Virginia at 8 AM today
what is latest on the recent events happening right now
i want you to book a train ticket for me
how do i set the timer on my coffee machine
are you married
tell me how to convert grams into ounces
create a list for today's tasks
I still haven't received my card after two weeks, is it lost?
my money, where is it coming from?
convert one euros to us dollars
what do you think is the meaning of like
Are you my friend?
yeap amazing response to the command.
does argentina have a travel alert
do you have a pet
tell me a nice chinese restaurant
who made you ai
put on bended knee on my reflection playlist
Book a taxi to start from here
olly i would like you just stop it.
PDA, say a funny.
that is not so clear.
I have an unknown direct debit payment on my account
I didn't cancel my card payment.
can you give me a burmese dinner suggestion
it is five forty five am in liverpool what time is now new york
book me an uber to olive garden
Why are you charging for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after getting my groceries, and it appears there is a fee that wasn't there before
Load up Ghost Recon Wildlands.
Play me last year's hits
what day do i get paid
i want to cancel my reservation for network to xaga such
travel book a train ticket
do i have email from my friend rachel
i would like to set up direct deposit
I see cash in my app but I did not get it.
i didn't catch that.
What movies are out this week?
i have a lot of points saved up from my credit card rewards but don't know how to redeem them
when is my car due for an tire change
Bring up all the runner lights
great chat, talk to you later
i don't understand your words.
The app failed to verify my id.
show me what the ingredients are
s1, clarify further on your response.
roll an eight sided die
Why didn't my transfer get to the recipient?
what is the time now
i'll be confirming my reservation for joseph at red lobster
How can I top up my account and which currency can I use?
how to do an oil change
i need to know trivia on star wars
could you please once again elaborate to me.
Send an email to all my co workers
Check emails for unread emails from mom.
i would like to get the forms to file for my w2
What do I do if my PIN was blocked?
if i take the bus, how long will it take to get to dubrovnik
I was charged a fee for withdrawing cash.
i like top forty music
Do I have any emails from hongbin.
what date did i have my oil changed last
It's quiet time
send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china
Mute yourself until 5pm.
Is there a maximum amount of top-ups?
What happens if I use my account and my identity verification hasn't finished?
I need to know why a money transfer is available.
please tell me who is going to win the nba championship
i want to know how much i spent last week
will an oil change be on my to-do list tomorrow
you shall address me as nick
can i make a car maintenance appointment
what's the most popular story on my facebook newsfeed
i need a recipe for chicken pot pie
can you share my location with roger
Delete all item on my calendar for this week.
WIll I need an umbrella today?
i wish to add this song to my classical playlist now
lights out
how do i set a timer
is traffic heavy
List me the newest articles from the New York Times.
what is the time in australia right now
what type of questions are you partial to that i can ask you
how are the tires on air pressure
does a travel alert exist for that country
my luggage has not arrived and i would like help locating it
train tickets for two people from delhi to mumbai
how do i say you're welcome in chinese
what was last sent to me in my social media feed
march 3rd needs to be cleared on my calendar
i'm unsure
slow down your talking
Why isn't my deposit in my account?
what do i need to make brownies
when was my car last worked on
How can I dispute a debit transaction?
subtract sixty from two hundred and forty four
find twitter handle of tom cruise
put wash the car to my to do list
Have I set any alarms in the morning?
Why has my top up not gone through yet?
How will I know where my funds are coming from?
Do you have a list of cards and currencies you support?
that's nice one, thanks.
Whats the scoop
does brooklyn have good italian restaurants
what do i need to change the oil in my car
Where can I find a tax preparation professional for under $100?
I need a list of currencies you accept for exchange.
i would like you to secure a 4:30 pm reservation for five people at morton's steakhouse
Is there a new email in the inbox from jay ?
please open blokus game i would like to play with you
at walmart my card got declined when i was buyng qtips
i think my luggage is lost
I saw a fee on my receipt from withdrawing money while shopping earlier.  Is there supposed to be a fee for this type of transaction?
i need to turn the lights down
increase the brightness in this room
How are exchange rates calculated?
What kind of weather are they having in Orange, Tx right now?
Can I receive a refund for an item I purchased?
What's go on, where is my new card?
What day is the 5th?
On my last trip, I received the incorrect exchange rate.
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
my day offs history
is it ok to use brown sugar instead of powdered sugar
please clarify more on what you just said now to me.
On my transfer there was a "decline" message
delete birthday party
tell me what i said one more time again please.
can you help me unlock my bank account
I've got a problem - I purchased an item maybe a week or two ago, but to the payment came back to my account! I've already got what I ordered, so why are the payment funds showing up in my account?
deposit ten bucks from my chase account to my ally account
I have never been charged for making an ATM cash withdrawal before, but I am now being charged a fee to withdraw cash. What happened?
turn off smart lamp in den
what home alarms have been set
make sure all doors are locked
give me election updates
what's next in my calendar?
how can i get my rewards for my master card
i have a damaged card that needs replaced because my son dropped it in a blender
what is the definition of ultra?
lower your volume
it's nice one, thank you very much.
what is the time frame for sending a customer who lost their credit card a new one
what genre is this
Trump
Greeting of the day and PDA states date after greeting
tell me how to say, 'it is a beautiful morning' in italian
The app reverted the payment I made.
is my credit score high
What are the ATMs that will accept this card?
what is the price of stock for gm
How can I sign up for a virtual card?
I want to transfer money from another account into this one.
10-4
not a good day
start house cleaning
place a stop on my bank account
create reminder for laundry at 8pm
set an alarm
Move on to the next podcast episode.
Please set reminder.
what if you need to get a new credit card
Please talk softer.
ensure I wants to listen to this programe on radio
Can you make exchanges with the EUR?
type something and post
what amount do i have to pay in taxes
Can I top up my account with a cheque?
what can you do
I completed a payment with my card a while ago. It's still showing up as pending. What time frame does this normally take? It doesn't appear to have worked.
The card got declined twice when I tried to use it to buy something online yesterday.
shut up!
How can I check how much free spending I have left? I have some big purchases coming up and want to know where I can look for any info.
how do i change the name you use to address me
If I don't have much money in the account can I auto top-up?
Order me a Cheese burger from Tommy's burgers
Cancel a transaction
Let me know when my meetings are on Monday.
What are the current exchange rates?
I checked on google and the exchange rate you are using is really bad. Can you update it?
will you please shut up.
get rid of the wednesday list
what's the usual time to get a new card when your previous one was lost
Is snap doing good after the IPO?
is fongs dine in only
nope, i did not say it.
look up the name of this song
Play Howard Stern on sirius.
My card doesn't seem to work anymore
is it going to be much longer until i reach the bank
Time now in New York.
is there a good website to teach me how to make sushi
how old were you on your last birthday
how much is twenty two usd in euros
thanks but you didn't get me.
What is eastern standard time right noe?
please tell me the time
how much vacation do i have saved
what's the apr of my discover card
start audio playback of twilight again
i need help paying my water bill
Look up whether or not Charley's Steakhouse delivers.
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
please keep everything i have on this song
please add item to list
give tom my location
Is this app capable of exchanging currencies?
What is my foreign exchange rate?
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money off my card?
order a twelve piece honey mustard wing combo with seasonimg altnon the fries and a sprite as the drink
olly that is all.
There is a strange charge on my debit statement
Why am I being charged twice fro a restaurant?
Will you remind me of the dentist appointment I have in two hours?
Can I have the 10 day forecast for my area
new york time please
your answers was not clear to me.
How long will it take my card to get here?
tell my bank i'll be in jamaica from the 4th to the 11th
Has @realdonaldtrump posted anything new on twitter
how many eggs are on my grocery list
what is the month and day tomorrow
I didn't know I was going to get charged to use my card.
the balance has not changed, but I have deposited some money
do you know any dad jokes
wemo on
Is it rainy in my area?
I would like to see the source of my money.
Can someone assist me with updating my account details with changing my last name?
The app is having trouble verifying my identity.
Please check if paradise does takeaway
switch over from female to the male voice
lets play chess together
show me the exchange rate between czk and dollar
I am not able to do contactless.
Does the 13th have rain in the forecast?
How long will a transfer from the US take?
show mobile number of john
Make a facebook post: I'm home
could you tell me one more again please.
What should I do when my card reaches its expiry date?
Who is Taylor Swift?
i would like you cancel it.
tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
Do I get to choose between Visa and Mastercard?
i want to report fraudulent activity on my mastercard
I don't want to buy this car anymore, can I cancel the transaction and get a quick refund back?
tell me whats on the web
how many calories are in spaghetti and meat sauce
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
alert my bank and let them know that i'm travelling to china
i would like you to give me a suggestion for a mexican meal
Its' what time in
I can't figure out why I haven't gotten my cash, when I already put the check in the bank.
PDA: What are the train times on the 23rd to Clarksville
"please contact my credit card company to report fraudulent activity on
where should i book my next trip
I need my card quickly
I was attempting to top up with my card but the money has vanished!
that's nice job, appreciated, olly.
How can I top up with Google Pay?
how much did i spend on grocery shopping recently
can you find my credit limit on my mastercard
Start the vaccum for me.
how long have you been alive for
tell me about this person
wrong.
What are IBM's stock prices
How many unread emails do I have?
how hot will it be tomorrow
can you teach me how to set up direct deposit, or show me who can
search for gluten free menus
Someone besides me might be using my card.
Tsunami reasons
are there any traffic restrictions due to the president's visit
go to favourite list
add washing dishes to my to do list
What do I do to activate?
Lets begin buddy
do you have an age
when could i get my tires changed next
you understood my instructions correcly.
I bought something and now I want a refund.
what's the pound to dollar exchange rate
Robot, vacuum the living room now
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at houlihan’s for mike
Is my pending cash withdrawal processed?
I would like to cancel my previous transaction
What unread emails do I have?
Why did you guys charge me an extra €1?
Can you tell me how to close my account?
$1 charge in transaction.
call me an uber to the movie theater
Since when were there charges for taking out cash from my account? It's always been free for me to do this before.  How much are the charges going to be?
Which countries do you operate in
does carrying a balance hurt my credit score
do i have a good apr on my credit card
does macaroni grill have a wait how long
could you turn the light off
Define economics
buy tickets for a flight from nyc to la on march 1, returning on march 5
can you help me change my insurance policy
Tell me something about America.
it's great one, i appreciate it.
Please tell me how to edit my personal details.
What is the minimum age required to open an account with your service?
I tried to take out some money from an ATM earlier today and it was declined. Looking on my screen now, I still see that it's pending for that amount. I didn't actually get that money, so I don't want it processed on my account.
Tell me about price of stock for innova
what should i do if i'm waiting at the airport and my luggage is not here
check stock prices on this
on my to do list, i need cleaning added
Can i change my PIN at the ATM?
please tell me the current date
Put the gym playlist next in queue
yeah it's good.
erase all content in my calendar
What is the estimated wait time on a US transfer into my account?
Start vacuuming
what is the current day month and year
switch to los angeles time
i don't want this phone synced any more
Can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather.
what's your name anyway
what kinds of fun touristy things are there to do in boston
Light off
check my facebook for notifications
thanks for help.
i want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me like how often i've eaten out this month
tell me the date and the time
i want you to roll dice
I was wondering, Can I get my pay in another currency?
which hobbies do you like
slow your speech down
which ingredients does gumbo have
How can I fix my contactless?
Do I have anything else scheduled today?
when ought i get my tires changed next
hey there, how are you today
How do I get another card
i am not clear about last sentence.
remove night night playlist
report my lost visa card
please turn on radio on seven am
Show meaning of clarion
yes it's great.
where is morocco located
i am not so clear about what you just said.
When will my transfer arrive from Europe?
can i get takeaway from arby's
i was not so clear about what you've said.
How many active transactions can I make with a disposable card?
Why is the pending status on my cash withdrawal taking so long?
Hi, I'm buying my son Bertie a starter home in London.  I'm just trying to send the 5% deposit over to the agent. It's only £200,000 but seems to be throwing an error.  What is going on?  If I wait any longer the house prices might rise, can you look in to it please?
get route for LA from here
what is scheduled on my calendar today
yeah you understood command correcly.
When is my order ready?
can you try the last one spoken once again.
I can't see if the transfer I did a couple days ago is in my account yet. I double checked my info before sending, too. Can you check this?
i'd like you check my last question please.
keep quiet
could you submit a pto request for me for dates june 11 to 14
what is the result of two by two
what is X + Y?
see if there is something related to my job
answer the email
Please add an event to my calendar.
I can't access my money. Is it because somethings wrong with the top-up? I set it up correctly.
book me an uber for a party of 5 to the salvage yard off maple
Give me the train time
turn off my smart plug socket
how much am i allowed to spend on my discover card
Where do I have access to a virtual card?
book train best deal
Why was I unable to complete my transfer?
ocean eleven
Ask Amazon.com customer service when I can expect my refund using twitter
I got less money than I asked for.
you are using old piece of information.
What do I do if I can't get my card out of the ATM?
it is of no importance.
turn living room lights red
would you please once again rephrase me on your answers.
Why do you need to verify my identity?
help me find a good sushi spot in chicago
I can't get my card out of the ATM, what should I do now?
play 60
do i need special shots to go to africa
When will my top-up process?
The money is still in my account even though I already paid -- I don't understand what happened.
what are the atmospheric conditions in sparks
did i take my car to the mechanics recently
i need a funny joke to tell sam
is it going to be cloudy in london during the weekend
remind me before monday.
Can you delete the not so important events?
i would like to apply for a new card
will i be charged if i use the card in germany
i would like to hear the theme song to this is us
can i do a transfer with swift
I found my card, can I add it to the app?
can i make a reservation for 2 at state bird for 7:30, please
i wanna transfer my 401k
make the smart socket turn off
Where do I need to live to get support?
i would like to pair this with my new phone
what are the travel alerts for the us
What are disposable cards?
Where is the nearest Mastercard ATM?
What was the news for March 4th 2017?
what's the best restaurant in arizona for pizza
what are my state taxes looking like
Olly, which new emails were recieved ?
My account balance has not gone up even though I just transferred money into it
song next
Where is my deposit?
Write down that I am going to meet with Jenny on the third, okay?
On a card payment, why is there a fee?
Please could you tell me if George's Geek restaurant, can I order takeaway from there?
conversion between dollars and pounds
how good are the ratings for papa john's
tweet a complaint to old navy website
dammit, i did not say it.
i'd like to turn up the volume
find instructions on how to change my oil
Cortana, open MSNBC news.
Please help!  There was an extra fee when I got cash.
set the alarm for me
play wuthering heights from where i left off
what ingredients are found in hunan chicken
how different will my state taxes be
lower the volume ten percent
Last Saturday, I made a payment and the exchange rate was wrong.  I was charged too much.
Email staff group distribution about tomorrow's meeting
can you lower the lights
Remind me to ask an important question to my boss
what are good places for a burrito in albuquerque
thank you so much for the help, olly.
who is the artist of this song
Mute the audio
Delete every event.
do i have enough fuel to get to dollar tree
reset the alarm
send report to consumer service
do you own any pet at all
don't be synced to my phone anymore
how long untill i get home
can the lights be changed to green
can you increase my credit limit to one thousand dollars
it was great talking to you
it is okay to replace water instead of milk
How long will my top-up be pending?
is there a limit on top ups
increase the volume of the music to ninety
i could not quite catch that.
i need help paying my hoa bill
There is a €1 extra fee in my statement
people canceling iowa vacations over congressman's words
show traffic in ohio
immediately begin using whisper mode
switch on light
tweet freedom pop customer service i am dissatisfied
turn off wemo socket
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
I got less money than I asked for.
turn on the light socket
when will i hear back about my days off
wait, this is not the correct answer.
can you spell water
My transfer was declined. Why did this happen?
could you open my list app and check for groceries please
you did fantastic work,, olly.
turn the security light off
let's change what you respond to
i would like to order takeaway
what is the data of my gas tank
If I want a friend to top off my account, can they?
where do i rent a car in las vegas from november 16th to december 16th
Are there any top-up limits?
my card was frozen due to putting in the wrong pin too much.  how many tries do i have
thank you.
Hi, It's urgent, please freeze my card. As someone has withdrawn money using my card in odd remote town. Since i have not done this withdrawal. Do it fast.
Why does my account not accept cash deposits?
Have I received any emails in the last ten minutes?
Can am I able to exchange currencies?
I couldn't do a transfer to an account
please make coffee at seven am
Play the last song from my most recent playlist.
i need a really good recipe for making doughnuts
what was the latest post
robot vacuum the hallway now
If I add money with an international card, are there any fees?
add eggs to the list
can i substitute butter for oil
play all by the beatles
How long does a payment usually show as pending? Is it normal that mine is still pending?
I can't remember my app code, can you reset it?
find the favorite destination for traveling this year
Olly, I just cleaned my car,
really i don't mind, olly.
is there any info on my savings interest rate online
What's the amount that I can top-up?
what is the process i need to follow to get a new credit card
you have gotten command perfectly.
is dinner ready yet
update alarm
where was marlon brando born
What are the countries you have offices in?
please tell me what date it is today
I still have not received my new card, I ordered over a week ago.
tweet esurance and tell them they suck
tell me the music that is playing
Olly, tell me about the weather.
There is a pending 1£ charge on my statement.  I haven't purchased anything for 1£.  Why is it on my statement?
How many disposable virtual cards can I have?
i'd like you to check and confirm the instruction please.
Where do I go to update details?
how much is $1 usd in euros
Find me my dad's email address
Schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
let's start whispering
how is the weather
how do increase the credit limit on my visa card
WIll you play checkers with me?
Do you do business in the EU?
is it easy to change the oil in my car
who is your manufacturer
what kinds of things can you do
Send an email to my sister
Which country is the most beautiful in the world
When will I get a new card when I order it, and how much will it cost.
What is going on today in Biloxi
Is PIN delivered separately?
i need a good joke about office parties
switch light to lowest level in dining area
tell me how to change the oil in 2014 odyssey
find the sum of thirteen and fourteen
When is Trumps next press conference?
thank you for your help, olly.
would you add bananas to my shopping list as i am out
When I got cash I believe that the exchange rate was wrong
speak louder please
Is it currently raining in New York City
whats the stock price of apple
yeah exact response to the command.
do i have any alarms for tomorrow morning
what's the current song that we are listening at this time
My new card isn't here and it was issued a week ago.
find me an audio book version of ready player one and play it for me
what alarm time had you set
what is the song name
it isn't what i just requested.
i need a thai food suggestion
How come I got blocked for entering wrong pins?
the exchange rate I got for cash was wrong
play for me the game harry potter and the chamber of secrets
your answer was good
can you please make me a cup of black coffee
Do I have a soccer game this weekend?
how is everything going
can i have my volume increased
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
please add the song i'm listening to right now to my relaxation playlist
could you get me some coffee
Cnn latest headlines
Will you accept my salary if it's in another currency?
mute speakers
How many top-ups can I use?
Listen to this song.
THAT SONG IS MY FAVORITE.
I don't need the shopping list, delete it.
can you post my business on facebook
Hey Olly, cancel all my other meetings and calls for 2nd March as it is Jim's birthday. Tag it as an event in your calendar
My credit card transaction was declined for a loan payment.  Can you tell me why?
What should I do if the atm eats my card?
Please play some jazz misic
When will my top up process?
Is it possible to deposit money in GBP?
when should i replace my tires next if i last replaced them on the 1st
who should i call for a w2
How do I obtain a second card?
How do I go about ordering another card?
is the coffee ready
report a card lost for me
schedule an uber to the mall
I just pulled money out of the ATM and was charged a fee, WHy?
What should I do if my card payment was cancelled?
i like music from when i was a teenager in the
is traffic to work clear
any good pizza restaurants around here
i must procure a car rental for the 10th to the 15th in zimbabwe and i would prefer a bmw
how long should the drive to work take
How do I find out how or where this transaction on my account came from?
decrease twenty percent
what is tomorrow's alarm time set to
I made a payment with my card that was cancelled?
what are the travel conditions for haiti
When can I expect my card to be delivered to the US?
exchange rate of euro with dollar
show number and contact email of rehan
What time does my next meeting start?
check my checking balance
remember this email
Help me check where the funds came from.
I am not receiving the correct exchange rate on my card.
Math
My card has been stolen. I reported it with the police, but I need to report it with you as well.
Give me some cafes near downtown Fort Lauderdale.
color change of lights
command was confirmed.
I'm supposed to have a refund but it isn't there
Anything new PDA?
Where is my list
I did not do this payment
what're my wages for the week
i need to get a hotel room that is big enough for eleven people from march 10th to the 15th in phoenix
ran out of tissues and need you to put an order in for more asap
start using whisper mode
find grocery store with an organic section near me
Why was there an additional fee on the payment I just made? I don't usually have additional fees applied to my payments.
I want a recipe for a burrito.
tell me the ingredients in pizza
What are your exchange rates calculated from?
set reminder for tomorrows meeting with {client name}
how much would it cost to buy a share of target
See my inbox for mail I received from X person
turn down your volume
how do they say hello in france
What is going on? I have checked over and over and the details of my account are right. Why is my transfer still pending? It's 2018 not 1818. Transfering money to another country can't be that hard.
explain how to set my coffee machine
are you young or old
i need the data and price from my state taxes
How do I report fraud on my card?
turn my bedroom lights off
what is the exact time
There is a payment made with my card that I don't recognize at all.
how can we prepare biriyani
What do I do if the machine rejects my card?
olly please could you cancel.
what are the steps for setting up direct deposit
describe a rotor
you can refer to me as frank
i would like coffee now
yes , i have to know the weather is .
what is the correct spelling for malignant
Start making some coffee
I want to open an account for my children
oh no, you did not get what i was searching for.
could you please check the detail.
what does my shopping list consist of
Can you check if I got an email from John?
i want some coffee now
pay my monthy mortgage payment
What is the purpose of the extra fee that is showing up on my statement?
olly that is enough, just cancel.
Book a train tickets for me
I am not satisfied with your company and would like to delete my accounts!
look up movies near me
let me know the number of vacation days i have
did my american express card application go through yet
make it brighter
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
my list please
can i get a timer set
Can I open an account for my offspring?
yeah great response to command.
My top-up isn't working.
how do i keep good credit
It can take between 10 minutes to an hour before you hear back from us about the verification result.  Please try again if your verification fails.  Make sure you double check that images are clear and all document photos are readable without blur or glare. You have to be 18 or older and live in the European Economic area or live in Switzerland to be able to open an account.
can a bus get me to the statue of liberty
reset all events in calendar
I am having issues with identity verification
what's the air level in my tires
what time is it in punta gorda, florida
which day is it that my payment comes in
in 2 days, what date will it be
set alarm on twenty fifth may at five pm
I have a question about fee for cash withdraw.
My purchases from this morning are showing up as payment pending. Can you tell me why?
Can I please have the weather for tomorrow here in Costa Mesa?
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
will i get a fee for international transactions with my visa card
I'd prefer a Mastercard.
how many euros for one u. s. d.
i need to book a car rental in las vegas
book an uber to pick me up now
I want to top up by using a credit card, which ones do you support?
myspace
help me find a well reviewed hotel in dallas
oh that's fantastic job, olly.
repeat daily
How long does a check take to show up in the account balance?
have no idea about what to select.
Play subway surfer
Where to check top ups pending?
that’s incorrect
book a train tickets for me
"what's the method to improve credit score
can you tell me my minimum due for citicard
did you get confirmation my vacation is a go
perfect job, you've done well.
i would like to be reminded
i want you just stop.
please book a train ticket from london to manchester
What is a cell tower?
olly i want you cancel.
what day is my car insurance due
what is the last email i received
How can I switch on my new card?
no, don't do that
It looks like someone else withdrew cash from my account, can you help?
search for a chili recipe for me
How do I order a new card? The current one is about to expire.
tell me the conversion between tablespoons and cups
i would like to know the train timings to bournemouth tomorrow
search for two tickets on tuesday's train to paris
it doesn't really matter, olly.
Please make a list of thing I have to shop tomorrow
Turn the vibrate off from speaker
that's definitely false
please dim the overhead lights
correcly.
i like alt rock music
can you play beats one radio
get me some latte please
My card will expire next month, will I need to order a new one?
make curser adjustable position
Why wouldn't the contactless payment work when I tried to pay at the bus today?
What are my payment options?
is a transfer to a beneficiary allowed?
you working for someone else on the side
Olly can you raise the lights for me please?
Carlos' Linux upgrade email
What's the pound to dollar exchange rate?
I still haven't gotten my new card.  When will it get here?
top up did not complete
do you know why my account appears to be blocked
I feel as though I have been over charged for the exchange rate on my payment on last Saturday.
reserve a table for 3 at andrea's steakhouse around 5pm under the name wheeler
Is there a charge for topping up by transfer?
Remove all upcoming events please.
Can u tell me a latest news
Why did I only receive this much currency?
family bonding before meeting
say my credit score
I don't recognize this payment at all!  Help!
Why is the exchange rate on my card payment different than I expected?
Set the thermostat to 75F
Change the light to blue
tune into ninety nine point five fm
PDA I had a bad day.
check email and what is the latest subject?
I think my card is broken
Do I get charged for withdrawals?
I am travelling and I tried to withdraw cash but didn't get what I was supposed to get.
What temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
What are my alarms
the command was confirmed.
s1, please again elaborate me about your answer.
search for pink's youtube channel
set alarm at 5:30 am
what asian restaurants nearby offer to go food
cancel alarm for tenth of march two thousand seventeen
could you unsync my phone please
how long am i supposed to cook pork loin
which stock markets have lowered in the past three hours
Can I carry out with this restaurant?
how do i get cash back for the rewards on my amex card
turn on smart socket in dining room
Can you describe what she was wearing in that movie.
Play the rock 92 radio channel.
My bags were stolen. I need a new card but need to cancel the stolen one.
why would the bank have frozen my account
Can I have a auto top-up when my account is short?
put me on a call to sally
would you go check my emails for me
cancel all alarms
What ATMs can I use this card?
hi google play me playlist wacky in my gaana application
change to the female voice
post to facebook at the spa yay with a smiley face emoticon
is trump tweeting today
alert my bank and let them know that i'm travelling to stockholm
olly that's enough.
please would you speak one more again.
i need laundry put on my list of tasks to complete
how many euro in u. s. d.
book an uber to school
What takeout places are near me?
How do I get my card back after the ATM swallowed it.
Can you remove my account please?
hold on what was that you just said
i want to pay my car payment
The transfer to my beneficiary has not gone through
turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee
what are the oil prices like today for a barrel of crude oil?
are there any alarms
Where's my virtual card
you did perfect work, i appreciate it.
how soon should i have my oil changed
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
can you turn on the lights in the den
please inform my bank i'll be vacationing in the bahamas in a couple of days
What shape is a ball?
I made a transfer and the receiver said they haven't actually received the right amount, but it's a bit less. Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing bit. Can you please alert me about this, what has been going on?
i need to know the carry-on rules for southwest
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
that is cool, thank you.
too loud
please open my contact list
Alexa, tell me keywords about Usain Bolt?
There was an extra fee when I paid with the card.
baseball scores.
Hello, I'm having trouble with my card, I don't understand what's happening, I tried using the ATM machine earlier but it wasn't working but seems like the transactions is still in progress, can you cancel it for me?
I've got charges on my account I did not authorize. Can I get this money back from the last couple of days that it's been coming out? I also need to freeze my card.
ah that's nice one.
hmm, i think not correct.
what's the current time now cst
please go to factory settings now
i need a new pin on my chase account
Why hasn't my top-up finished pending yet?
Google News
Request a Taxi from UDRIVE service
mute volume now
reach by mail to my family
when do i get a day off
turn on the vacuum cleaner
Can I exchange currencies with my account?
dammit, that's not what i meant.
I want to know your exchange rates.
Are there any events happening next week?
I want to have an item refunded can I do that?
How much longer on my order?
Where did this fee come from?
I have a pending transaction
what is five minus one
please send email to pawel with reminder
start play johns audiobook
what other hobbies do you enjoy
read out my shopping list for today
check today's calendar for meetings
tweet consumer service about their dirty area
play ping pong
Can I transfer my paycheck to the account?
please increase the volume of the music hips don't lie
turn lights off
move to the next song in the list
Turn on the vacuum.
set an alarm at ten tomorrow to remind me a meeting
can you link to my phone
can you tell me what i owe for this month's phone bill
does my great western bank account allow me to order more checkbooks
KYA TUM MERE MATH KO SOLVE KARNE ME HELP KAROGE?
How do I know how much money I will have when I travel abroad?
remind me to order more soap
what is current traffic in ohio
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
delete all my events for tomorrow
can you instruct me on how to make german chocolate cake
directions to place
I need to hold money, what currencies can I use?
Contact Pizza Hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms.
How long should I cook a steak to be medium?
what's my credit limit
what are your favorite hobbies to take part in
Please send the email to Jeff.
please remove any alarms that i have set
look up whether my 401k may be rolled over
please modify the incorrect command.
Why was the transfer declined?
can you please be muted for a while
what trending on twitter
Can friends add to my account
how's my credit score
Please, I need your help as to whether or not you have money for a large refunded purchase I made. I requested it some time ago from the seller, but nothing is showing up.
yeah that is perfect.
please check and confirm detail.
that song is my favorite
how do i jump start a fiat
us dollars to uk
What's the reason my new card hasn't come?
are the reviews for applebee's good
is now a good time to sell some euros?
can you find and tell me the prices of facebook stock
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
Is it possible to get both a Visa and a Mastercard?
yes that's fantastic.
could you tell me funny things
the definition of affiliate is
Lower the volume.
would you check and confirm question please.
Can I get paid in another currency?
how to cook that meal
latest news
Show me the news about what's all new going around in Seattle the tell.
i need to report credit card theft
Can you contact Samsung and say my washer is on fire?
s2, i didn't catch up with you.
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
My credit card was declined for top-up. Can you see if there is enough funds in my account?
where can i see my credit score
move to next section
Clear all items on my calendar for April
do i need my tire pressure checked
The top-up did not go through.
What is the process to activate a card
What's the refund process?
How do i cancel my transaction?
What are you exchange rates?
does the shopping list have apples on it
Hi, I used an ATM today to take money out of my account, but the amount it gave me is not the amount I requested. What should I do?
tell me how to make chow mein
if i want to make a vacation request, how do i do it
Which ATMs accept this placard ?
I have a new card. How do i top it up?
i like senatra songs
Does it cost extra to exchange currencies?
play my bookmarked audiobook
tell me what you think my name is
What's a description of a virtual reality headset?
i couldn't quite catch that.
who are you known as
I have no more money in my account.  Is there a way to do a bank transfer to put money into my account?
My source of funds need verified.
can you play monopoly with me
Why am I being charged for the same thing twice?
what are the necessary shots for travel to africa
play miley cyrus radio
on the button of cleaner
how old do i need to be to get an account for myself
book me a car rental between january 1st to january 3rd in denver colorado and id prefer a ford
can you tell me how to change my oil
How come my transfer got declined
play random music
yeah you've gotten my instructions right.
alter the color of the lights at home
please order me some takeout
Show me the picture of the singer
Do I have new email?
Send email to family and tell them to bring the bug spray before coming to the park
show me shops PDA.
i want a nerd joke
What emails are new?
stock prices of rolls royce
olly that's enough, just stop it.
i want to turn on the blue lights
what are my plans for today
I didn't withdraw the amount of cash that is showing up in the app.
will play chess
book me a train ticket to new york city on the third i don't care what time
please give me detail of one yen equals dollar
HI,Accordingly you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be working? Money just disappeared from my account.What should be done now?
My PIN was entered wrong and now I am blocked.  Please unblock.
let us try the last spoke one more time again please.
mute the audio
My card was declined and I did not receive money from the ATM earlier, yet it show on my account that it is pending.
will you help me with a math problem
My transfer is failing when I try to do it.
dammit, it isn't what i am looking for.
show me something funny about food
what do you mean by it.
Does this restaurant have takeaway?
I hate this song. Please remember that so that I don't hear this song ever again.
How do I activate auto top-up when traveling?
Can you turn that down
move the volume up a little
go back to animal farm
Go to next episode.
email friend
Why will my transfer not go through?!  Keep getting an error message.
i need to know how to do direct deposit with my paycheck at nations bank
I have been charged to much for the object I bought when abroad, the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
tell me how to jump start my car
what does my income amount to
check item 5 on my to do list
what's the updated status of my order
i cannot find my card PIN
does denver reside in the eastern timezones
I'm trying to transfer money to another country. It's just pending and not sending. My account details are correct. Please help me.
what's the spelling of cancer
if you could remind me about doing laundry i would appreciate it
find me the best knock knock joke on the internet
have no idea regarding to which to select.
what are my recent purchases
Delete the last phrase.
Take me to MC Donalds
thank you so much for answer.
What is a pending cash withdrawal?
set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at five pm
do you have a car rental in new york from june 6th to june 9th
send a reply email 'thank you very much' to john@gmail.com
help me find transportation to the mall of america
yes wonderful response to command.
what's the US dollar rate today?
open vacuum cleaner
what do people think of the new burger at mcdonalds
that is overwhelmingly false
quiet time
What is my source of funds?
i keep trying to figure out if i have enough money in my chase account to purchase a new set of tires
Where do I go to cancel a transaction?
Add to my reminders to watch new movie today at 9pm
The app won't let me log in as myself.
produce a new register
i would like to know what you can help with
olly stop please.
Do you guys accept cash? Because i deposited some this morning and I can't see it in my account.
s1, further rephrase me about what you just said now please.
I got my new card but I am not sure if it need s activated and how?
yeap you've got command correcly.
Is there a fee for sending out more cards?
Play Firework by Katy Perry.
what is a good vegan egg substitute
Why can I not take out cash?
If I ordered my new card last week, how much longer should I wait to receive it?
its date night and we cant decide where to go help
i wouldn't really mind to select any one.
How can I get a second card for my daughter?
Why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by the ATM?
Why hasn't my card payment cleared yet?
I tried topping up for the first time today since I am a new customer. It doesn't appear that it's working. It has been pending for at least half an hour. Please take care of this.
is it alright to switch applesauce for oil
Who's the singer?
What time will I arrive In Austin, TX?
start chapter seven of alma
what time are my alarms
Can you play a game with me
more bright
Could you tell me about the restrictions that are on the disposable cards?
i am bored and need new dinner recommendations
Alexa, give me my to do list for today
can i get paychecks directly deposited to my bank of america account
start play playlist1
Play me the latest podcast about online surveys.
what is 1100 minus 2347
end pause on audio book history of rome
does france use a socket converter
just how bad is traffic on my commute
List my different alarm
you have done task all wrong.
What caused my transfer to fail?
I'd like to transfer funds using my credit card.
Check my email for the last hour
Please send a new card; the ATM ate mine.
what are the steps to get my rewards for my visa card
what does the gas meter read
what is the meaning of flange
on what date did i get paid last
can you see if i can rent a car from dallas on the dates of march 1, 2019 to march 3, 2019
are you real or not
assist me to set up direct deposit
Play music from the jazz genre.
Can you substitute baking soda for baking powder?
thank you for the response, olly.
can you tell me where to find the top-up verification code?
Hello,book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
There's a payment in the app that I didn't authorize.
that is of no importance with me.
What are the items on my list?
skip to next
do you know about carry ons out of tampa with spirit
my cash out is still pending
If my phone was stolen, do I need to do anything?
I purchased an item and the exchange rate was wrong
what are my available lists
Will I be charged a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
beg your pardon.
what are the items on my reminder list
I tried to buy something online but my funds were transferred back to my account. What is happening?
tell me it one more time again please.
The app doesn't show the card I received.
order mcdonalds
what's my total income
yeah you have understood that right.
why am I being charged a fee for transferring money ?
Are you available in my country?
How do I top up my account using transfer?
Please help me set up a new PIN.
Is there a fee for making a payment? If so, let me know why.
let us try your last things once more please.
is that song from shakira
i want your name to be samantha now
i need to know the status of my alaska air flight
does red robin have good reviews
describe blanket
In which stores can I shop with this card?
what will tomorrow be on the calendar
what is three plus four
is there enough money in my discover account for a vacation
I need my card right away.
Add Valia's wedding the next Saturday at 8 o clock,
Olly, turn the lights off in the bedroom
Start chapter 7 of Alma
Will you help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
i want your speech settings to be made slower
how long do i have left to pay for my chase credit card
are tomatoes on my shopping list
what rihanna is doing
what is the traffic like this morning
do not mind for any one.
I made a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending" in the account. How long will this payment take to complete?
how much do i make per day
Seach the contact
Olly alert me of an email from Dave about the meeting
what kind of outlets does havana have
a cup of coffee please
where do you find your exchange rates?
How to I close my account?
do a tournament with me in candy crush
Where was Kelly Clarkson born?
text my boss for me and tell them i will be a little bit late
what's my stock fluctuations
how much is the euro in dollars
what is the traffic like on the way to kapolei
show bbc report on migration
Why hasn't my return cleared my account?
how wet is going to be this morning?
It looks sunny and clear today, is that true?
i need to order checks, so can i order some new ones
What is the total number of Oceans in the world?
i would like you check detail please.
PDA look up recipe and guide for this dish
Do you deliver the PIN separately?
set my calendar for an alarm at five pm tuesday
find me a time for a meeting with Allen on tomorrow
how many days off have i taken so far this year
i want to make a call to uncle
save this email in contact
will you please go on amazon so i can buy speakers
Can you activate my card pls
i want to confirm friday's reservation at 2:00
tell me amd stock prices
how do i get a w-2
Siri, play Shake It Off
yeah right response to command.
do i have any new entries in my inbox
tell me something interesting about new york state
What is included in the tour's list?
I did not charge my account for that transaction.  That's an error.
I want to use a cheque to pay.
Play the next song in the sequence.
I refuse to verify my identity.
i see a purchase on my chase checking that i did not make
I require verification of my source of funds.
please start joe rogan podcast please
when did i last get my car serviced
post a complaint via twitter to cvs pharmacy
Tell me latest technology news.
play the song after this
Please turn on one of the preprogrammed stations.
remind me later
when did i take my car to the shop last
I have been overcharged. I just changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it was too much. It seems something was wrong with my exchange.
this does not matter, olly.
would you tell me that once again.
olly will you please shut off.
play the latest song adele
play songs from playlist
does wendy's have good reviews
let us try what i have said one more time again please.
give me charles telephone number
turn lights off in living room
add the song the new playlist
yes got your understanding correcly.
Would it be possible to get another card?
is there a fee for a transfer? if so how much will it be?
what's the current time, please
have my iroomba clean the house
how long do i have before frozen chicken will go bad
Your exchange rates are coming from where?
My bill shows the same charge more than once
I attemped a transfer and it didn't go through.
remove events from my list
could you let me know what names you have for me
Turn the lights off now
currency exchange
how much money have i recently spent on entertainment
Is there anything new in my email folder?
can you tell me the minimum amount due on my visa this month
tell me the type of fuel my car takes
my luggage appears to be missing
can you check what is on my calendar for tuesday
what is the real meaning of life
Will you have the vacuum start cleaning?
I need a transfer cancelled.
Start a new email to George Brown
i want to hear that again
play npr through my living room stereo
I am calling because the ATM didn't give me the right amount of cash, but my app shows the actual amount I wanted to withdraw. What should I do to get my money back?
The exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
how many dollars can i exchange for 200 euros
when is the next alarm
Can you give me information about verification code?
it's awesome, appreciated.
can you please put a block on my chase account quickly
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple of days already that doesn't seem to move
What countries can I use my account in?
send an email to my manager
what is the yen us dollar exchange rate
How do I deposit cash into my account?
Even though I added money ey to the card, I couldn't use it
what is home town weather?
I tried to top up my account and it didn't work
what can i do to raise my credit score
I noticed an extra fee when I paid with my card.
i want to report my discover card as lost
get command exactly.
A transfer I sent was received in less than the full amount I originally sent, and now I have to send additional funds to cover the full amount. What happened?
make 5 coffee tell the coffee machine
are there any traffic restrictions due to the president's visit
say the last spoke once more.
change light colors
My job requires me to do a lot of exchanging currency, and I was wondering about any possible discounts or lower prices.
find me square root of forty nine
what's the answer to one plus one
I can't freeze my account as I need the card as I am traveling, how do I change my pin?
What appointments do I have today?
i want to change your name to shelby
could you clarify further on what you said now to me please.
How much was airtel sold for sometime back?
uh no, i think incorrect command.
how old are you as of today
Olly, let's play some blues.
what ingredients do you need to make lasagna
I am having trouble transferring money to a beneficiery.
Someone might have had access to my card.
My currency rate is inaccurate.
reviews of the restaurants
what is going on with my cash withdrawal? the exchange rate is wrong
set an alarm for one hour from now
I need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
My credit card seems to have been declined for top up. Why is it not going through? Can you tell me what's going on?
How do you decide what your exchange rates are?
Why cant I transfer to my account?
oh no, report my card, it's stolen
mobile shop
what do you suggest for entertainment in tampa, florida
Why is there a fee on my money transfer?
convert euros to dollars
Could you please check the weather in Kansas
does my w2 come by mail
Tell me how many inches of snow did New York City get today?
check what's on my calendar for tuesday
I see I was charged $1 for a transaction.
topic of content
Is there any reminder which is most urgent
clean the carpets
Help!  In the app there is a direct debit that I don't remember.
if you have hobbies tell me some of them
My identity is unable to be verified.
i need an uber for 5 people to go to the statue of liberty
are there any recent unread emails
What is taking so long with my top up?
either or
Send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
get the coffee started please
replace color from light to dark
change lights from red to blue
please send ann a text and tell her i will be home in 20 minutes
how do i make tuna salad
would you check and confirm the details please.
show me tracking on my order
can you help me set up a direct depost
what's 10 pounds in dollars
regarding my name, whats it saved as
Send email to Boss Not feeling well taking a sick day
please brighten the room
The app won't let me transfer money to a beneficiary
I think the exchange rate on my card payment is incorrect.
For how much time should I oven pizza to make it perfect crispy.
What is this strange payment in my account?
i want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel
please give me the traffic report for this afternoon
what is my apr for my credit card
are you actually a person
Where do I order a virtual card?
when can i change my credit limit
movies with good reviews
Do you have the time?
how much highway mpg does it get
My cash deposit isn't in my account. What happened?
quiet mode four hours
Have the 'vacuum cleaner' clean the room
can you turn it up a little
yes great response to command.
I wanna revert a transaction i did this morning.
Local theater screening which movie?
How do I order a disposable virtual card?
Can you see my new balance yet?
go ahead and delete the doctor appointment i have scheduled for monday
I didn't set up a direct debit payment on my account.
yes good response.
why do I have a pending payment?
what is now stock price of tata
could you tell me the meaning of life, please
skip to the next podcast
lost card found, want to put it back in app
what new messages do i have
What are the restrictions to top-offs?
Include this item.
Why hasn't my in country transfer gone through yet? I confirmed the account info a couple days ago but the payment hasn't been posted yet.
I need help with understanding why my card is not working.
show me nearest theatre
it's not the correct response.
how do i cash the reward for first bankcard
which mexican meal would be good
PDA please search for events in my location
get the roomba to start cleaning
what gas does that car currently use
I would like to top up my account with a bank transfer, is that allowed?
i really enjoy this song
What is the stock price of HDFC ?
start pandora
please tell me why my top-up failed.
what is the status of my new credit card application
ah that was good one.
send twelve dollars between cabelas and bank of london accounts, please
Spaghetti Recipe
does england require socket converters
Schedule a meeting with Reeta today evening at 5 PM
tell me my salary
Will you send me a new card in China?
How much is 12 divided by 4?
How long will a transaction to a friend take?
can you find the exact amount i pay income taxes
draft an email to kailey about work later
uhh no.
can you once again clarify me on that please.
purchase a flight from slc to columbus on tuesday that returns on friday
Play the audiobook swan from first
I bought something in another country but the exchange rate is wrong
did you receive this person email?
I like this song.
Help me verify my identification.
I paid with card and I think there was a fee applied.
Unable to use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account
when was born abraham lincoln
Can I top up with cash
What's the time frame normally for a UK account transfer? I just made one and it's not showing up anywhere. I want to be sure that everything is good.
How long does transfers take?
why is there a fee for the transfer I made?
let's play space invaders
Where is the event venue?
I made a bank transfer a couple of hours ago from my UK account.  It hasn't appeared, can you check to make sure it went through?
i want to have a new playlist of songs
please tell me my alarms
nuke all items on my todo list
I have a disposable virtual card here, so would you tell me what to do with it?
do you have any southern dishes to recommend
what do you know about the statue of liberty
I got mugged yesterday and lost access to the app. I need to regain it.
i broke my card when i bent my wallet
what is mom's email address
please check all new email of income tax department
share my gps location with steve
can you replay please.
tweet @company
Get with new one.
i need to know when my credit card is going to expire
uh no, i think incorrect command.
Siri, open Twitter, tweet @flooringco. your carpet seams are showing in less than a month
add funds to the retirement account from the pnc account only
Could you explain why my card payment did not work?
remove night night playlist
will i need to use a plug converter in el salvador
turn off the light in the living room
send email to my uncle about situation of current weather.
tell me the minimum payment of my bill
are both visa and mastercard available to me?
I noticed the exchange rate for cash withdrawal isn't right.
will you please explain me further on this.
one more time.
Do I get a card to keep in my wallet?
what is the name that you have for me, please
play next episode
i like you to confirm detail please.
show local events
Remind me of my 3pm meetng tomorrow 4 hours in advance.
you helped a lot, musch appreciated.
how long do i cook steak
Hi, I made a transfer from France two days ago and thought it would be here by now. Can you give me an update please?
I think there is a mistake.  I am being charged twice.
it's correct.
hoover the hallway
Is there a reason why my card was declined when I attempted to withdraw money?
Where are the virtual cards located?
use facebook to post
i need milk on my shopping list
On May 13th please run a credit check and email the results
I'm still expecting the transaction to be finished
Why would my transfer be declined?
write email to family member and read it back
hey i want to send an email to my friend
what is the current traffic
i'd like to know my current location
rewind the episode of podcast
what's the traffic situation from kamycka to dejvicka
open sirius app and play the classical channel
do i have any emails from jo
can you connect with my phone, please
What's the weather in Portland?
lets get a taxi!
What things do I have on my morning to do list?
i enjoyed talking to you
What are the top-up limits?
play radio ninety five point five
in england how do they say subway
what is fifty five minus two
What's the current time in Orlando, FL?
What does it mean when it says I have a payment pending?
you had me incorrectly.
Where can I exchange my money for EUR?
it's too bright in here can you turn a light off
please add my pay days
play from my last session of joes book
I am waiting for a pending money transfer to process.
what do you enjoy doing in your off time
please stop my account
find me news about BREXIT
i need one alarm to go off at 6:30 am and a second alarm set for 8:00 am
remove alarms set for tomorrow
my card was declined at the casino and i'm wondering why
please include feeding the fish on my to do list
Do I have new emails from John
I want to go back
What is the max I can top up?
i think you did the task incorrectly.
change light colors
turn off the lights in the living room
how would you define a car
begin new list of lottery numbers
please tell me trivia about hamburgers
Check out if i got any email
how much interest is my nfcu accrueing
how much did facebook stock increase last night
nope, i didn't say this.
coffee make now
tell comcast i hate them
i need a ticket on the train to new york city tomorrow
what's the definition of unencumbered
what date will my card be here
what can harm my credit score
two am removed
would you say that you are now a pet owner
switch off light
turn the lights off to my room
what's my name huh
Can you turn MSNBC on in the car?
Where are you present globally?
would you please clarify me about the last sentence again.
is it possible to rent a car from laguardia from tuesday to friday
How do I activate my card that just arrived?
Why hasn't arrived yet a transaction I did to my friend?
what time am i meeting john
are bananas on my shopping list can you add them if they aren't
how much traffic is there before the stadium
What is the cost for an exchange fee?
I have lost my card, but need to place an online order! How do I get a virtual card instantly?
look up the exchange rate between dollars and euros
Will a beneficiary not accept a transfer?
How do I go about verifying the top-up card?
I was under the impression ATM cash withdrawals were free. Why was I suddenly charged for my most recent ATM transaction?
i want you to remove the item from the list
olly could you shut off please.
What is the exchange fee?
will you explain me about the last sentence further please.
Vitaly channel
I would like to re-activate my card, it was previously reported  lost but I found it this morning.
Post that I am going to Walmart for Shopping
Daily news from source
i don't remember where my phone is
please run the vacuum
Order me something online
show me the stock price for google
top up by my card is that possible?
i went to target to buy a mug but my card did not work
i want the pin on my wells fargo account to be changed
Please dim the lights
send sarah my current location
where do i go to find my routing number for southpoint
what steps should i take to improve my credit score
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
i want a nerd joke
My phone is lost I don't want someone to use my account, what can I do?
thank you so much for the help, olly.
please could you tell me that one more time again.
where do I top up my google pay?
Is that song from shakira
Play the next podcast.
go ahead and take cleaning the bathroom off my todo list
notes
there's a delay in my top-up
give me the status of flight dl123
Schedule an event in my calendar for the pool party at Jack's place this Saturday.
i want to get the w-2 form
i want to buy over ear headphones with minimum frequency response of fifteen hz and maximum frequency response twenty two thousand hz
did i set an alarm to wake up in the morning
When was (insert) last academy award winning movie?
lower the brightness
what is the definition of problematic
begin playing the audiobook 'Beauty and the Beast'
could you submit a pto request for me for dates april 21 to 30, please
What places accept my card?
I need to submit a complaint.
can you tell me my exact salary
whats a silly joke you know
gps coordinates share with home
Will I know which exchange rate I will get?
are you sure that is correct.
let's play a game together
i need to know how many of my days off i have used at this point
please can you retry.
i want to disconnect the current connection to my phone
how do i get to starbucks
delete my groceries list
I haven't received my virtual card.
help me figure out how to change my oil
read my reminder list back to me
how much is 100 dollars in euros
ON THE RADIO, IT IS TIME FOR GOOD MUSIC.
I was trying to use my card and it was declined, when I tried to find out what happened I found cash withdraw for $500 that I didn't do.  Can you please help figure this out?
I would like to cancel my previous purchase.
can you find the expiration date and tell me what it is that is on my visa credit card
change voice speed
Put on the God of small things
tell me why am i locked out of my bank account
Play my favourite podcasts.
please remove a list
can you tell me the apr of my target credit card
tweet at esurance 'you suck'
The app reverted my action when I topped up.
Olly, what should I see this weekend?
what is 3/4 of 18
map out a route from here to abita brew pub
Where is my PIN located?
Open Derek's contact information
How can I top up with cash?
Please delete this event
how many centimeters are in 12 meters
Why do you need to know where my money is coming from?
Where is my card PIN?
show me the top rated podcasts
switch on the green light in playroom
on the plug
order two hamburgers for me
confirm my alarm settings
grocery list add eggs
order pizza from domino's
please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
Why did a transfer get declined?
Remove meeting at dubai
check item five on my to do list
wake up, ai
please can you replay.
Do you support top ups?
what is the result when you roll a four sided die
The ATM didn't give me what I asked for but my balance says it did
that's good, thanks.
do i have any new entries in my inbox
can i use baking soda instead of baking powder
turn on this socket
add a marriage celebration party on this sunday
can you find me a flight from portland, oregon to portland, maine for under $500 on delta
i want you to check the question please.
How do i get my salary in the account?
go near vacuum cleaner
I want to choose a different PIN.
When I received my cash; they had my exchange rate incorrect.
I don't see the verification code for my card transfer.
talk to you later!
how is the weather of this place
When I add money to my international card do you charge a fee to do so?
How can I add money to my account from another account I have?
How can I top up with cash?
i'm looking for a bar do you know a good one
please, no
do they use special outlets in australia
do you think arizona has plenty of bike routes
play song __
Olly what is the best brand of milk chocolate?
open email for unread mails
say a joke
can you find me a hotel for 2 people on april 1st to 4th in rome
Why was I charged a fee when I paid with card?
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
would not really mind.
What is the time in <insert city>
replay the musics
did i receive any new email
i need a suggestion for a dinner recipe
What is the population of Alabama
my phone has been stolen by someone
I put in a payment a while ago and it has still not cleared and is showing up as "pending", how long does it take to clear?
How do I get a card in the EU?
yes you've done command exactly.
can you tell me what my total income is for the pay period
When is the event?
Help me figure out why my transfer was declined
how many euro will i get for ten dollars
I transfered my balance a while back.  Why doesn't my account reflect this?
i want to eat something will you order food for me
how would i say if i were english subway
who has seen my cellphone
I would like to receive a few more physical cards.
does applebees have alright reviews
How do I add an existing card to the app?
can you make me a cup of coffee
Why was my account charged for using an ATM?
Why did I get charged for something I bought online? Even though it was international, I thought it would be covered.
check someone's recent emails
could you please shut up.
go ahead and say all of the points on my list of to-do's please
can you call dominos pizza
remove my work alarm
i think thats wrong.
is the largest ocean in the world the pacific
playback tom clancy splinter cell
My funds are not transferring to my bank. Why is this not working?
Help!  In the app there is a direct debit that I don't remember.
Where did the  €1 fee in my statement come from
does travelling to st petersburg require a travel visa
how much is 10kg in pounds and ounces
retry.
Alarm set 8 am
when was this song recorded
When topping up by transfer, will I be charged?
Play audiobook
request pto from march 8th until march 11th
Send a text to Alice
create an alarm for 6am
what rihanna is doing
it was enjoyable talking with you
Any funny jokes?
what time does thor start
i want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel
Hi, I tried to top up my card today and it did not work. I have tried it in the past and it worked just fine but it won't do it anymore. Can you help me out?
phone is gone, dont want others to access account information
list all train times to ny
I've been trying to make a transfer and it hasn't gone through. Now I am receiving an error message.  What is the problem?
How can I alteration my PIN?
nigeria is in which time zone
my tires need to be changed when
Why was I not able to get cash from the ATM?
Where can I see where funds came from?
When will I see the cash I deposited this morning as available?
I purchased something and already received it, why hasn't the money taken out?
remove the milk from the shopping list
mario
please activate my coffee pot for me
order a latte from starbucks
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
what items are on my shopping list
what is the time in australia right now
i need a blackberry pie recipe
how many miles can i drive before changing my oil
can you tell me my password checking account
when work is done ensure to remove the list
nope, i did not say it.
who is the artist
Get me the news about today's meeting
how can i cash in rewards on my discover card
what can i ask you all about
prepare my morning coffee
can you please speed up your speech settings
tell me what was the temperature in our city at twelve pm
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL WHAT IS THE CAPITAL OF AMERICA.
What would lead to my top up still pending?
My money I had was gone and I could not get gas!
PDA. erase that item from my list.
why can't i access my bank account
If I could go anywhere in the world, where should I travel
order food
change to blue
please list my meetings for today
keep reading
What countries are you supporting?
i love zydeco jams
please slow down volume of speaker
s2, i am unclear about it.
what did happen today
how much would it cost to buy a share of target
There is a Direct Debit that I don't recognize.
order from dominos
what does pending mean?
Delete the meeting tomorrow.
My Identity verification hasn't passed yet is it possible to use my account?
Play dynamite by ACDC.
PDA: What is today?
I topped up my card but the app rejected it.
remember that this song is good but too slow to exercise to
i am unable to remember what my pin is for my bank of america checking account
Find my wife.
tell me nutritional info for lettuce
Check stock price for Dinky Donuts.
got the answer exactly.
please clarify me more on your answers.
how do i go to whisper mode
i'm out of paper towels so will you put that on my shopping list
can you confirm what said please.
just stop please.
I am waiting for a payment to be processed
I would like to know the countries you are offer services in?
Add this email to my contact
Can you open up and start composing a email
remove milk from my grocery list
How is the weather today?
can you add cups to my grocery list
When will I get my card?
How can I see where my money comes from?
you got it
show me the alarms i've set
Can you find the Breakfast Club radio show?
no, don't do that
Play Rein in Blood by Slayer at five AM tomorrow to make sure I actually wake up.
is that place busy around dinner time
How much is the limit for top-ups?
Why does it matter that I prove my identity?
How do I get to church?
Did I get any email during the last hour?
On the day project one is due, does my daughter have a recital?
could you get everything on my shopping list
what movies are going around me?
Help me create several temp cards every day.
tell me my gas tank levels
increase light
What alarms do I all have set
My transfer didn't work
tell me jokes
olly could you shut down.
Can I use a disposable virtual card for any purchase?
oliver garden reviews
What is a shoal?
can i use regular olive oil instead of virgin
is there a charge on withdrawals?
What are my options for holding money in multiple currencies?
Wimbledon Grand slamm tennis
How long does it take for a money transfer to show up?
Siri, what is $10 in Ten?
what's the latest on stock market?
Is there a fee to get an actual card?
Why is there an extra fee charged?
remove the grocery list from my active lists
how is the weather today
Where are the cards delivered to
Is there a possibility to open an account for my sons and daughters?
i am very confused about why or how my bank would lock me out of my account
There is a pending transaction on my account for when I tried to get money from the ATM earlier and it did not work. Can you fix this?
what would wells fargo use as routing
let me know how low the air in my tires are
My Bank is in Europe, how long will the transfer take?
How long will it take me to get to Park Avenue considering current traffic?
tell me it one more time again please.
uh no, thanks.
Does Peking Garden do orders online?
Can you please tell me what is the meaning of the word turnt?
hey olly make the lights a little dimmer
create a reminder for me to send flowers to my mom for mother's day
What days are my alarms set for
Are there any fees if I use a European bank card for a top up?
list all train time to Ny
IN THIS MATTER IN CURRENCY
Please add brunch with Erin to my calendar at the Diner
please can you confirm it.
what kind of questions can i ask the ai
The app does not recognize who I am.
do you mind if call you nikolai
tell me what the word bounty means
i am sorry but you have got that not correct.
What should I do?  My card has been stolen!
what name should i use to call for you
How is the meta likely to shift with the next set of MTG
Resume the reading of the French lesson.
are you able to switch butter and oil
alert my bank i'm checking out seattle for the next month
i lost my luggage
on my grocery list please add oranges
what's the cooking time for chicken alfredo
i need you to push my location to cory
I can't find my refund. Please help.
cancel my reservation for dinner this friday, please
I want to buy cryptocurrency, but your app doesn't let me. Why?
Where can I use my card?
lets go with heads or tails
I deposited money but my balance hasn't been updated yet.
WHERE IS MY MONEY I WAS USING MY CARD AND IT DISAPPEARED
what is my schedule for tomorrow morning
Hi, I don't think your exchange rate is right. I need you to check the official interbank exchange please.
add creep by radio head to the playlist
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. Please help.
can you explain to me how i might boost my credit score
i choose heads, now flip that coin
play closer music track
you have got answer exactly.
Could you please confirm if Leonardo is Married?
alert me at the time of the event
email james about the softball game james we need to get some refreshments before heading over
i need a six am wakeup call
don't really know.
bring up twitter to target customer service
Where is the nearest ATM machine?
my car was looked at when
what ingredient can be used instead of saffron
display stock price for lexmark international
did you get what i just said correctly?
What is your check-cashing policy?
when does the car payment come due
is it true the gym is seven miles away
Olly, how old is Tom Cruise?
What is the formula for your exchange rate?
please can you explain further on your words.
to which event can i go in milan now
It is impossible to verify my identity
What time are my meetings tomorrow
what is the exchange rate in pesos for 100 dollars
Please explain the fee on a transfer I made.
To many charges on my card how do I go about fixing that?
What was the last movie that Brad Pitt starred in?
show me my meetings this Friday
find twitter handle of tom cruise
current currencys rate
my credit card's apr, please
How can I get my card to work?
What is the currency exchange fee?
Olly can I use brown sugar instead of white in peanut butter cookies?
What's on my playlist?
yo order take out from jason's deli on sixth ave
Follow Trump campaign news feed
what is this song name
I have the funds, why can I not use my top-up?
date today
vacuum on
show me music by that artist
yeah fantastic response to command.
Start robot cleaner
add event to date
can you help me set up direct deposit
what's my current reward balance on my amex card
Why was a fee changed for my transfer?
what does my income amount to
How do I transfer money using a credit card?
it's helpful, appreciated.
new insurance is obtainable how
How do I top up using my card?
what time
The 5pm train on Wednesday to Rockville, is it on time?
Where do I go to get my new card linked?
why does it take so long to verify my id
how much does an orange weigh
How can I see my source of funds?
could you help me out with a new renters' insurance plan
How many Canadian Dollars are in a US Dollar?
i have a complaint
how much is my water bill
do I need to take an umbrella with me this afternoon?
get a cup of coffee ready now
how do i change the speed of my ai's voice
Am I free Friday afternoon?
i am sorry but it's not the right answer.
How long does a transfer transaction take?
i am so hungry and tired and i think i might order some food now
auto-top up option can be found where?
don't speak for a while
raise the lights
I forgot what my pin number is and now am blocked can you help me get in?
Is Mary's birthday party tonight?
please let me know how my credit card application is going
I got charged twice
give me petey's telephone number
I need to know the highest mountain in the world
Play The Gilmore Guys podcast.
no, that's not right
change the accent you're using
when does milk will go bad
can you tell me what the white house is
where is my delivery order
you take sweeping of my todo list
The app reverted after I topped-up
how long will the trip to portland be
Olly, delete my birthday reminder for next week.
i appreciate it, that's good.
it was helpful, thanks.
what type of electrical plug do they use in spain
do i need a certain amount of points before i can redeem them
that was useful,, olly.
when is the bill due
who wrote the song that is playing
Olly you need to find an alternate route to my destination
set a 1 minute timer
tell me how to cook pasta
how can we prepare biriyani
I put cash in my account, but I don't see it.
what lists are in my notebook
when travelling in chicago, what kinds of attractions should i see
Olly, tell how vegetable is cooked
what is the exchange rate between usd and the euro
do play the music by linkin park
Lower the speakers
Where can I get a virtual card?
Why is there a charge when I took out money?
need a taxi tomorrow at eight in the morning
will you tell me that once more please.
How do I verify the top up?
what's traffic usually like around 5pm going to the bank
Please send my refund now.
make a new list for me
I don't think the charges made when I had currency exchanged are right.
please elaborate once again to me.
switch on robot vacuum cleaner
i need a hotel room that is big enough for eleven people from march 10th to the 15th in phoenix
connect this song to my playlist "kids
Why is there a random payment in my statement?
How long does a payment usually show as pending? Is it normal that mine is still pending?
Can you tell me what countries you operate in?
what's new with the stock market
I love the song, do you?
please let me know about topic X
who do i call to report my card as lost
Give me the address of my hairdresser for the meeting today
what transactions did i put on my visa last month
sorry but i think you don't get it correctly.
travel alert in cuba
I want you to play this game for me
find my shopping list and delete it
does that restaurant deliver
mailing to me for a new card takes how long
I was just shopping online for some tickets and the payment was declined by you.  Why has this happened?  I am certain I have the right amount of funds in my account.
does brick grill deliver
thanks but i think you have me not correct.
it has a meaning of rhythm
i am jason
Can I convert money into different currencies?
How do I go about getting a virtual card?
look up the credit limit for my visa
what is the age limit for opening a new account
My card rejected a cash withdrawal. Why?
how many dollars can i exchange for 10000 rubles
Please keep quiet for the next hour.
who is singing this song
Reply to all emails received between 10pm and 7am everyday
the car feels wobbly so check my tire pressure
how many pages long is harry potter
Where is my virtual card?
i need to book a train for tomorrow to go to new york
What time is it in <insert city>
what am i listening to
place a call to father callahan
how do i order some checkbooks for my chase account
can you try the last one you just said one more time please.
If my account is low in funds, can I set an auto top-up?
Tell me the weather for New Brighton, PA?
Explain the Book of Daniel to me
are there any travel alerts for juarez
what street am i on right now
get me some food
is traffic bad on the way to chicago
What is two hundred divided by thirteen?
how much time does it take to boil an egg
this song needs to be added to my reggae playlist
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
when was frank sinatra born
I was declined when I tried to withdraw cash!
include meeting in the list
raise the volume of my music player by fifty percent
can you tell me one more again.
what's my car's mpg
How long will it take for my transaction to be completed?
save this song in my great songs category
Help me.  There is a Direct Debit that I didn't make.
Play the BeyoncΓö£┬« playIist
I'd like to play monopoly
Ok google, get me news on Trump.
tell me the recipe for yellow rice
text courtney and inform her about the detour
show me the picture of the singer
Change currency
can it takeaway from ammi biryani
Can you clear the next event?
What is the week today?
awesome work, you've done well.
I was charged a fee for withdrawing cash.
i wanna know my current location
what is currently breaking news
play songs by adele
send the email to john
inform me on what my credit card's apr is
Why didn't I receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I purchased?
announce a meeting today at evening.
Is there a reason my cash withdrawal was declined?
olly please stop.
i want the news about academy awards
do you know how many o's are in honor
help me to know what song is playing
My PIN has been blocked, what should I do?
find if there are any travel alerts for canada
When will I get my new card?
If I need to do a quick transfer from China, how long should I expect the transfer to take?
tell me my phone's location
Can I go ahead and use my account even though my identify hasn't been verified yet?
if i replaced my tires on christmas eve, when will i need to replace them again
clarify last sentence once again to me please.
can you tell me my income tax
what kind of reviews does the olive garden have
How's are the roads looking right now?
What is a hierophant?
is it possible to get more checkbooks for my wells fargo checkings
give the stock price details of motorolla
delete all my events for tomorrow
show me the last month of transactions
Where did your guys exchange rates come from?
It seems you keep declining my transfers. Before, it's always worked very well.Just now when I tried to buy something the card was declined. I tried more than once and it was the same thing each time.
will i run out of gas before i get to sioux falls
i want to book a train ticket
on my bank of america visa, what is the apr
Where can I activate my card?
do you have access to my phone
sorry but that's not the correct answer.
What method do you use for the exchange rate?
i'd like you to check details please.
I thought cash withdrawals were free? Why have I been charged a fee? Also, how much is this fee?
how many muhurtham in this month?
Do you want to play?
how expensive is my internet
check the last thing said please.
well done,, olly.
Please google location and information of Mount Rushmore
has anyone tagged me in a photo on facebook
I would like to know what your exchange rates are.
you are hero,, olly.
tell me the nutritional information for chicken nuggets
can you tell me why my transfer failed?
remove grocery list please
Someone attacked me yesterday and took my things, so I am unable to use the app.  I am in need of some help.
I have moved to a new house and set up a rent payment to my landlord, it was supposed to be in her account a few days ago but it hasn't arrived.  I definitely sent it to the right place, can you confirm where the money is?
list items on my work list
shit, it isn't what i was searching for.
i really need to switch to a new insurance plan
Can my account be topped up by my friends?
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
I would like a virtual card- where can I purchase one?
tell my location to david
How will I know my pin number?
you have done answer right.
tell me how to cook meatballs
Why is my top up still pending?
how many calories are in a bowel of wheaties
What's the deal? Money has just disappeared out of my account. I thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to working.
I do not like this, I made a simple transfer but I have an additional charge for doing so.
There is a payment made with my card that I don't recognize at all.
wait, you did not interpret command right.
i would like to request a pto on february 7 and 8
uefa european championship
I want to hear my rap playlist.
what is my most played podcast
I would like to refill my account using SWIFT.
yes, that is true for sure
please can you confirm my last command.
i want to listen to my maroon 5 playlist, play it for me
how long can i keep pork in the freezer for before it gets freezer burnt
Are cheques accepted to my account? Mine didn't seem to work.
olly what stuff is going on this weekend in my area
remove all from calendar
on what month and year does my card expire
what's the balance in my checking
tell me something interesting about sperm whales
Can i wear shorts today?
please tell me how many calories one chocolate bar contains
what artist is singing that song
olly will you cancel please.
Is there a way to make my old card usable with the app?
set direction to central market
uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
Convert USA time in to Indian time.
take me to tnagar
i appreciate your help
How can I fix my card, it got declined twice.
PDA, can you tweet a complaint to the furniture store customer service?
Give me the description of a mobile battery functioning
Play x playlist next
raise all the lights on
will my amex institute international transaction fees on a charge
meetings from twenty to twenty five june
i do not mind for whatever.
i need any relevant travel alerts for australia
What documents do I need for the identity check?
I need to transfer some money, can I use my credit card?
please play next episode of podcast
do i need a visa to go to colombia
how is a direct deposit set up
My transfer will not go through.
can you schedule a meeting room for interviews on thursday
I want to revert a transaction I did
can you help with delivery tracking
you have done it correctly thank you, olly.
how do i go about changing my insurance to a new low monthly premium plan
complaint to dept. for overpricing
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
please thumbs up this song
I have been waiting longer than expected for my bank card, could you provide information on when it will arrive?
am i gonna hit traffic
Waiting for the cash I deposited this morning still
please decrease the volume of music player
When will the transaction go through?
It looks like a payment I've made hasn't made it through yet.
Is there a way for me to check my balance?
dammit, wrong command.
Which documents do I need for this identity check?
I took out some cash from the ATM but it is still showing the transaction is pending.
I want to hear this radio station now
its too bright in here
I need some help linking my new card.
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
i'm going to brazil soon and want to let my bank now
i prefer to be called jason
What is the value of stock per share of Best Buy?
send an email to jesse
in 15 minutes the timer should go off
Do physical cards cost money?
Please could you give me a refund
add sam@gmail dot com to my contacts list
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
I need to find out why my transfer didn't get there.
thanks but i think that was not the correct command.
make the volume to zero
add apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contact list
Can you add milk to my grocery list?
With my credit card i would like to transfer money.
I want to get a virtual card!
How do I re-order a damaged card?
What happens if a merchant doesn't accept a payment?
My PIN has been blocked, what should I do?
please create a list of due payment those who not received more then ten months
pull up all emails sent to me from amazon
It is listed in my app that I made a payment which I did not actually make
I need a break, start it after 5 minutes
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
It seems I've suddenly been charged for my recent ATM cash withdrawal. What's up with that? I though withdrawals are free, you never charged me so far!
Are there any alarms going off today?
share my gps with tom
please put on the next number on this playlist
what would the routing number for chase be
turn off wemo
Open events. more info
Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
how was the traffic now
Where can I order a virtual card?
I made a mistake and performed a transaction on the wrong account!
What countries do you operate in?
that is not right
what time is it in another city
stop doing that
skip to next
How do I cook that meal
do my tires have enough pressure
Does my co worker have a home phone number?
could you tell me what is the apr for the credit card
can i use sour cream in place of creme fraiche
walk me through on how to change my insurance
Is it possible to get another card?
can you tell me your birthday
what is the secret or meaning to life
Do you offer additional currency options?
Why is my balance the same?  I processed a transfer.
how often should i have my oil changed
Problems with top up
yes exact.
did i add purchase tickets to the penguin game to my todo list
well done, musch appreciated.
Find an uber driver available for tonight after 10 pm.
what's the nutritional info for a subway chicken sandwhich
how much money do i have in all of my accounts combined
at ac, what's the temperature like
my friend has not got the money I sent last week.
Update by telling it
should i bring an umbrella today
what day of the month is it today
I need a song to calm me.
fetch the song smells like teen spirit and play it
Tweet complaint to Dominoes
Do you know why my card payment has been declined?
taxi uber
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged on my card for a restaurant visit. I would like to get my money back.
I would like to have assistance with activating my card.
please show me how to share my location with noel
tell me what is in your list
could you please cancel my reservation for 5 at red robin
add dentist appointment for friday at five
what is robin williams birthday PDA?
I need help as fast as possible! I made a mistake on my most recent transfer; can you please stop it before it goes through?
book me a taxi for one pm
What is the gross domestic product of US?
will you shut up.
Birth date for movie star Keanu Reeves?
can you tell me what alarms i have set
Have I gotten any new email?
get a cup of coffee ready now
The card has suffered a security breach.
PDA: I've got $300 for the month, how much can I spend every day this month?
Add a meeting to my calendar for 9am with Tom.
What are the steps for my friend to send me money?
what does the analysts say about the new immigration policies
Is there a fee that comes with transfers?
please be quiet
where is the meeting tomorrow at 4pm
would you confirm the question.
What Asian restaurants nearby offer to-go food?
no, you did not understand what i requested.
your salary
Olly, set an event on 2nd March at 12 pm noon in your calendar for Jim's birthday
what song is currently playing
define oscillate
put a meeting on my schedule with pam for 3:00pm on february 11th
i want to cook pasta in american style show me how
plan me a holiday trip
Show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
There is a vendor name I don't recognize on a payment from my account. I don't think I made this payment.
start robo vac
What is an exchange rate?
What is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine?
give me a 10 minute countdown
switch to los angeles time
can you look up train ticket prices for me
current date time
How will be the Forex business today
what about this joke
Start sync
check on my credit card application
which new emails were received
I transferred some funds but I don't see it
please let's do it
enter this to a list
what's the traffic on eighty today
play the time machine by h g wells
find and order handi paneer in pavitra
How much is the British pound?
remove alarm if any
what time i sit in china right now
How long does it take to process cheque deposits?
any clue as to if taco bell takes reservations
The card I thought was lost was just in my jacket, so can I reactivate it since I found it this morning?
do i have a number for jerry
Is it simple to transfer money using my credit card?
has my card payment been reverted?
Why was a fee charged to me for transferring money?
would you tell me what kind of pets you have
Place order of one pizza.
i want to see the news
What is the charge for using a Top up card in the US?
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
clear my calendar on march 1st
What is the latest news on global warming
Why won't you let me name X as a beneficiary?
Why does my top up say still pending when I used my card to do it.
look up a recipe for dinner to suggest to me
reminders
How long does EU transfer take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
My exchange rate isn't correct.
what are the international transaction fees on my amex
Please note on song title, good tune.
that does not matter for me, olly.
I was told to verify my identity, how do I do that?
Where do I access the auto top-up function?
turn down the volume
PDA does Fridays do takeaway.
What is the forecast for the week
What exactly is the exchange fee?
I tried to buy something over the Internet yesterday and got a declined error. I tried again today and got the same message. What is the issue?
Who is the artist of the song playing now?
The exchange rate was messed up from the ATM
in 15 minutes the timer should go off
My list please.
play justin bieber on shuffle
olly I need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
i need to trace a deposit
I would like to reply to the most recent email.
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
can my car get to reno with the gas currently in my tank
Set an alarm for 8am.
decrease volume to very soft
which rules does delta have for carry on
what is the time difference between here and there?
Increase the volume so that i can hear it in other room
disable the alarm which is set at nine thirty pm
I used an ATM and there was an extra charge.
please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
Notify me when my rent due?
Why verify the top-ups?
do you know whether ihop does reservations
show the list that are available with numbers
which plug is used in japan
dating
send mail x@x.org
please check episode number thirty nine
move two hundred dollars to my chase savings account to my wells fargo checking account
What is the process for getting an actual physical card?
Why is my card payment still pending?
add 'christmas' to calendar
could you please elaborate me further on your answers.
i wish to know when my flight will land
it's great one, i appreciate it.
please fact check {statement}
I am only 17. Can I make an account?
i believe it looks like my luggage has disappeared
The ATM is declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's anything wrong with my account?
i am going to need a block put on my chase account right away
any events in my calender today
i need a flight from denver international to new york international round trip for the 4th though the 8th
book a ticket to NY by train
PDA when will the world end?
What is the reason my top-up is still pending?
I attemped a transfer and it didn't go through.
domino's has takeaway right
where do i go for my credit score
can you say what you have said one more again.
olly would you please shut off.
how do i go about getting direct deposit in my usaa account
Can I choose what card I can use
I want my PDA to tell me when a new anime season will come out
Please reply to this email.
i can not quite catch up with you.
Turn off the upstairs lights.
What time is it on the East Coast of the United States?
can i see my facebook feed
How much is two train tickets?
OK Google, list all of my upcoming alarms.
i am not sure how to spell punctuation
increase the volume a bit
i would like to make a phone call
show me the transaction on burger king
Is it possible to get a transfer from SWIFT?
Delete marriage july 3
My beneficiary is not allowed?  Why?
I am highly unsatisfied with this company and want to delete my account!
I need a refund?
i think you did a task all wrong.
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, but the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
id like to know if there are any accidents on the route that i am taking
am i going to need a visa for traveling to canada
Is it monday today?
destroy all events
cancel meeting at three
how much indian rupees per u. s. d. today
what does blank mean
what can i do in nashville
Find a train ticket to Philadelphia.
How come the money from the merchant appeared back into my account?
Why didn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
is apple pay eligible for top up
Give me back my money, I'm not paying the sellers. It has been a long time ago that I made an order and it just isn't coming.
Hey Olly, I need you to make a list of cricket players of Indian team who played for the international team in 2014
olly can you shut off.
How long does a transfer take to be confirmed?
I need to find out why my pending payment hasn't gone through.
I think something went wrong, I didn't get the right amount.
i would like to have a sushi can you order me a lunch
mute the music
How do I check my security settings to allow contactless pay?
what's the reason for a hold on my wells fargo account
where did you live previously
what music is being played right now
how long are my tires expected to last before needing to be replaced
what will traffic be like nearest the george washington bridge, new york
I recently transferred some cash, but the balance has not changed.
how can i get new insurance
just increase the volume a little
how many jokes do you know
would you check my last question please.
please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
I need to figure out what these charges are on my account. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get all of this money back? Also, I need to freeze my card.
i had a long hard day
How long will it take for my top up to work? It's still pending
show current track in music player
is there any train plying from pune to mumbai tonight
how can i get a new card that got melted in the sun
i would like to apply for a air canada card visa, can you help me
Overall day
Why i'm I being charged an extra pound
i need to know the status of my american airlines flight
Why is there an uknown charge showing on my account?
try the last message one more time please.
get rid of my wake up alarm set for saturday
what is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
i wouldn't bother, olly.
pocki sticks has how many calories
please tell me what day this event reminder is set for
delete all my appointments for today
What is the purpose for verifying my identity?
cancel my event on june nineteenth
I did a bank transfer to top up, but the money is not available.
I need to order a new virtual card, how do I do that?
get me a uber
Do these virtual cards have any caps on using them?
at one pm today start the robot vacuum cleaner
play music playlist
why do I have to show my ID
take it easy!
How to access my virtual card
Set a notification for sports game.
i'd like you to tell me a joke
Let's hear WXYZ
what timezone is sweden in
i want to play blackjack
i'm traveling to belgium soon and want to inform my bank
bloomingdale's declined my card and i'd like to know why
let me know my credit score
Why did the top-up fail?
What is the capital of Maryland?
remove the latest alarm
i need to find a nice hotel with solid reviews in seattle
Why did I get charged for a withdrawal?
What currencies are accepted for adding money?
what is the longest river on earth
What happens if the ATM doesn't give me back my card?
would you please elaborate more on your response to me.
begin again book swan
Assistant, shuffle entire library
auto-top up option can be found where?
What do I need to do to get cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I requested but the app is showing the amount to be correct.
is my calendar free for Thursday
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
what is the process for requesting a vacation
i want to report fraudulent activity on my card
local things to do
badminton
what's the month, year, and day that my card expires
Tune to
got me incorrectly.
The hotel called and said I left my phone in the room.
What is 3 times 7
I would like to know if you use Visa or Mastercard.
restart bill nye book
Can I use a bank transfer to refill my account?
Is it possible for a transaction to be cancelled?
How recent do my documents need to be for verification?
please look up my credit score
yeap strongly agreed.
How many runs have Sachin Tendulkar scored?
please change the light to green
how much is the us dollar worth in canada?
I want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare.
Are there fees for adding money with an International card?
How long will my top-up stay pending?
what is the age of britney spears
make the lighting bit more warm here
can you tell me about my credit rating
What is the process for getting an actual physical card?
Show me the best podcast of folk songs having rating of above four star and play it.
How do I receive my physical card
How is the current stock price looking for Charmin?
new messages
Add a meeting tomorrow with a Pamela at 6
How old does my kids need to be to open an account?
how did you come to be you
what do you need to make dandelion wine properly
what is on my shopping list
Please mark my calendar for therapy every Tuesday at 11 AM.
I need to get to 'location'. Call a cab.
i would like to take a paid time off for february 7 and 8
I did not receive the correct amount for the exchange rate.
hey put carrots on that
If my salary is in GBP, do I need to do something?
ATM apparently not working?  Couldn't access funds in my account?
it is too bright in here dim the lights
Why was I charged multiple times for the same thing?
it's excellent, appreciated.
Hello, I found the card I misplaced and I need to reactive it, how do I do that?
For some reason, the virtual card won't work for me.
Set phone to vibrate for a reminder 5 minutes before my next meeting
is it safe in italy
PDA check someones recent emails
i want to hear tum hi ho next
Is there a top-up limit that I have to stay under during a given period of time?
I blocked my card by mistake, how do I unblock it?
how many centimeters are in 4 inches
i need your assistance on rolling over my 401k
can you check for reservations at wongs chinese for john acer
Can I use a different currency with my salary?
Is there currency exchange on this app?
i like you check question please.
are pasta dishes healthy
how can i contribute to my credit score
the song touches my heart
Help me please!  My card was stolen!
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
i need more checkbooks for my chase account
start new list
what is the stock for hp company
please tell me news related to the stock market
is the sun gonna shine in devon this weekend
recommend a movie for me
whats the news about in africa
what's three plus three hundred and fifty five
I withdrew money and got a fee, please explain
please turn off the lights in this room
what plug type is used in spain
Help me.  My card doesn't work.
it is very hot today is not it
oops, you're not correct.
grocerie list
what is the yen us dollar exchange rate
send apologies to all the attendees of the upcomming Tavern lunch
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that should not have been charged!
audio on
How do you calculate exchange rates?
delete item on list
i don't like this band
give me an update on the election in one hour
I need to know more about the parade this weekend.
Why is there a €1 charge on my statement?
nice to see you
what do you want me to refer to you as
want to play a game with me
would you explain further on it to me please.
My top-up does not seem to have worked, what  went wrong?
set an eight hundred am alarm for next tuesday
Can I add a card that I just found (again) to the app?
How old do my kids have to be to use your service?
new friends request details
do i have peanuts on my shopping list if not please add it
turn on the robot vacuum
I am entering my passcode but getting an error.
Please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie.
in france do they require socket conveters
what ingredients do i need for shrimp scampi
I changed the currency, but why is it costing more?
What is the time difference between New York and Lagos?
add do laundry to my to do list
I'm pretty sure my top up is still pending.
i need to hear that sentence said again.
my credit card was turned down at target and i'd like to know why
could you please confirm what i said.
Where is Fallout Boy performing next?
i like you confirm details please.
what does the word ataraxy mean
I'm having money transferred from Europe, how long will this take?
change my room lights to blue.
talk faster than that
Hey whatsapp
tell me jokes
Give me the latest on Donald Trump.
look up stock prices for my mutual funds and account
How do you get a virtual card?
I am wondering about a transfer from a different country that doesn't show up yet?
Erase next calendar event
hey what is the time
what is on my playlist
is ice cream currently on my shopping list
i want to visit portugal do i need a travel visa
answer is wonderful.
start radio and go to frequency on nine hundred and forty three
yeah you've got my instructions right.
i am sorry but that is not the right answer.
i could not quite catch up with you.
repeat song
check maps for my location
thank you!
Should I go through the valley or on the 10 to get to Westwood?
i have to done it on the post important music file
can you please shut down.
do i have email from my friend rachel
add event baseball practice five pm tonight
What is the weather condition in NY?
do you have cats or dogs or something else as a pet
it was nice job, thank you so much.
No option to top up with a cheque ?
How far away is Dushambe?
bring up all purchases from target
could you confirm detail please.
I made a cash deposit a few days ago and it's still not reflected in my account. Do you know what might have happened?
do you know of any good seafood restaurants in seattle
I want a refund for an item
What year was this song recorded?`
how expensive is Polish zloty?
Why am I not able to verify my id?
did mom text me
tell me what is on my todo list
I would like to change my adress
i'd like you to remember that i like this song
can you tell me about animal kingdom in amazon forest
s1, explain me more on your answer please.
Please add sugar to my grocery list.
what is the time difference between california and michegan
turn off the smart socket
Send tweet to Walmart saying i had an unpleasant experience
What is going on with it saying my card payment was declined?
Please help me, there is a transaction in the incorrect account.
can i freeze my bank account
Hi, Please help me to request cash back. As i have been withdrawn money from ATM, but i got wrong amount. in Application its showing the amount i have been charged through.
COULD YOU PLEASE GIVE ME THE BIRTHDAY OF MAHATMA GANDHIJI?
disable smart socket
I have not received the amount of cash i was supposed to.
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
What's happening in my town?
Is it a soft evening tonight?
What source do my fund come from?
yeap that is confirmed.
What is Barack Obama doing right now?
what's the latest on the travel ban
i need rules for jump starting
How do I set-up my PIN for the new card?
Olly make the lights brighter
can you book me a taxi
Explain why I can't do a transfer to a beneficiary.
Are there any special events near me this weekend?
can you tell me how to spell manipulation
the list contain what
does france have any travel alerts i should be aware of
I would like to activate my card what do I need to do?
can you tell me my apr on my credit card
I'm looking for the cash deposit top up option but can't find it. Can you help me?
Does your app allow currency exchanges between USD and GBP?
My account was charged a fee. When did you start charging extra for card payments?
repeat what i've just said please.
what is my schedule for june fourteenth two thousand and seventeen
The money disappeared when I tried to use my card to top up.
i love this song
can you confirm the last thing i said.
Hi, I was trying to use my card but it was declining by ATM. I have cross checked with two different ATMs but i was facing the same issue. Could you please check my account.
Show me results of what I'm listening to
did i buy too many donuts recently, like last week
do you think our lives have purpose or meaning
A couple weeks ago there was a debit taken from my account from a transaction I don't recall. Is it possible to trace this transaction to make sure I'm not being scammed?
Help!  There is a cash withdrawl on the account that I didn't make!
are you a real human
When is the next warm day?
What card types can I choose from?
put the current song in my favorite playlist
my day was so busy
Play all songs by Martina McBride.
Play racing
how much am i getting paid
awesome job, you did well.
what's going on
i have used my card online before and wasn't charged, why am i charged now
Please start new list
that is all, just cancel.
What is the time?
Can you play me a rap song on the radio
scan you find me a chicken recipe
power off on
queue up ymca
please make it so you say your words more slowly
When is the last time I contacted John Smith.
uh no, it's not what i am looking for.
clear my day on the twenty ninth
nope.
what do you i need to make pizza dough
inform eric of my current location
Will I be charged a fee for topping up using a European card?
How many bucket fulls would it take to empty the dead sea?
bring up my most recent purchases
Let me know if anything happens on that subject
Turn it to frequency 99.7
How do disposable cards work?
When adding money, what are the currencies you take?
send an email and save the contact information for samuelwaters@hotmail dot com
tell me a fact about the maned wolf
thanks but i think you messed up my command.
how much is 10kg in pounds and ounces
My non-physical card will not work
thanks, that was awesome job.
How can I debone a tilapia?
Cortana, please increase the brightness in this room.
I still have not received an answer as to why I was charged $1.00 in a transaction?
What do you charge for top ups?
open email for unread mails
what do you prefer being called
give a hand to this game.
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
Delete lunch tommorrpw
add a reminder for april twenty as my bro's birthday
How do I change the color of the lights
i have how many tier credits on my caesar's card
How come I got to pay to get my money from the ATM?
Please advise what is the exchange rate
Can you explain the disposable cards to me?
How long until the card arrives?
i do not know where i am
can you find an animal joke for me
which ingredients are in pizza
could you speak the last utterance said once more.
remove that item
Can you tell my why my card payment has been reverted.
I need to add money to my account. Can I do so via bank transfer?
bbc breaking news
why was my card declined for my monthly netflix subscription payment
notification regarding the new iphone release update
I looked on the app and it says I withdrew cash.  I didn't!
what is the make up of the chair
i want sushi, is there any good place in ho chi minh
Keep me updated on what is happening in southeast Africa currently.
tell me how to set up direct deposit for my paycheck
remove birthday party
Do I need to verify my identity to use my account?
PLEASE TAKEWAY OF GIVEING REQURIED OF THE RESTAURANT
google i. b. m. stock prices
i want the room to be less bright
Why am I unable to withdraw my money through this card?
Can my account be topped-up by friends of mine.
add this song to my top 40 playlist
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of survey?
do they take reservations at red robin
can you redial the last number dialed
what is the weather for tomorrow in georgia
Why am I unable to withdraw money even though in the past I've done it just fine?
cleaning needs to go on my list of things to do
The ATM machine would not give my card back
Why was I charged extra for transferring money?
what is the time difference between new york and lagos
i can't use my card because it’s messed up
Is there something wrong with the ATM? It would not let me pull cash out of my account.
s2, i was not clear about your answer.
I couldn't get the money I needed.
how will i change my car's oil
There is a payment showing as pending and hasn't posted for a few days.  When will it post?
What's the minimum age for opening an account?
Is there any party on my calendar for this weekend?
brew me a cup of coffee
tell me a random fact
it's not the correct command.
Why have I been charged more than once for the same transaction?
can i make it to work with my current fuel level
mail x@x.org
tell me a fun trivia bit about artificial intelligence
Trouble with my top up
Can I top up using cash?
can you tell me if you are a real live person
The exchange rate you are using is really bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
explain more on that to me please.
direct me to the closest starbucks near home
With one disposable card how many transactions can i do?
I must quickly transfer something from China, and I need to know how long it will take.
how do i go about changing the oil in my car
How The Eiffel tower looks like?
use google to show me how to cook
lets hear wgrr one hundred and three point five
play tennis for me
How long does a transfer stay pending?
are you computer or human
what do you think about changing your name to heath
can you add an event to my calendar
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
Why is there a pending time on my transfer?
what is the ai's name
Where can I order a virtual card?
i need to know when i will next have the day off
how many dollars can i get for 20 yen
lower the light intensity
can to please clear my calendar of all events
Can you turn it up a little?
clear my next event
I requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when I check my statements it doesn't show up. Can you help me get my refund.
What kind of shoes should I leave the house with?
it's pleasant today.
My transaction history is looking a little off. I have been charged twice for multiple different purchases, and would like to have those duplicate charges refunded.
can you schedule a meeting with damon for 1
what is scheduled on my calendar today
turn the lights on full bright
Read me new headlines
Tell me the currencies that you support.
when did i place my order and what was the projected time it would take
please empty my calendar
I went to the store
I made a withdrawal from my account but it has not posted?
How much does stock cost in Walmart?
notify me with all events in the next one week
Remove dog food from my grocery list.
where exactly does money come from
Order the best priced General Tofu in Nyack
what should i watch today
why do you verify the top up
would you check what just said please.
does japan have any travel alerts i should be aware of
i have to get going
This disposable virtual card is not working.
i'm waiting for my luggage in the airport now but it's been a while and it's still not arrived
please go to amtrak dot com to purchase tickets
play music from workout playlist
please change your accent the male british one
Resume the song from the audiobook by Michael Jackson
i'm into music
what kind of gas do i put in my car
I want to hear the last news form CNN
i want to request pto from november 7 to 11
how cold is it outside
What are Converse shoes?
Is Julia Roberts married?
I need several disposable cards made per day.
change the plan of xxx
Is there anything on my calendar on Friday in the morning after I get to work?
what time is the alarm set for tomorrow?
oh it is nice one, olly.
you have got my instructions right.
Since my pin is blocked, would you help me unblock it?
Transaction showing up many times.
can you turn on the wemo plug socket
is my order ready
Will I need my heavy coat after lunch today?
please correct the wrong command.
what is the traffic today
Please delete my account. I am not happy with the service from your company.
local events
reset to your original settings
I see a charge for a direct debit that was not me.
list all the events being held in the vicinity.
I am still waiting for my card after 1 week.  Is this ok?
how long its take
please resume my music
how long will it take me to get to the west side
don't really mind to choose any one.
what's on my to-buy list
what's on <unk>
my pin hasn't arrived in the post! How do I cancel it or get a new one?
will you speak it once again.
what is the most recent info for my request for vacation
I was charged extra for a withdrawal
figure out for me when i ought to change my tires next
lower lights please
does fridays do takeaway
has anything happened to mass effect
is austin in the central timezone
increase the volume to fifty
up the brightness on these lights
Who am I meeting today?
tell me my interest rate
confirmed.
tell me what is on my calendar for may 3
does dominos has a delivery option.
Schedule meeting with our employees regarding bonus.
what is the number of the closest taxi company
how long before the next holiday here
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
list items on my work list
I tried to make a top-up and it was canceled, why is that?
how many inches are in 36 feet
money transfer request
tell me distance between sun and moon
did i request a reminder for my niece's graduation
wonderful job, you have done well.
fill me in on the apr for my american express card
will you please check and confirm that.
how much do i make
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
Is it going to rain in Manhattan today?
how much of my time off have i used
i would like you just cancel.
Bring up Twitter to Target Customer Service.
What kind of money can I hold?
There is a direct debit payment that I did not make.
what does it take to get a new card
what is worth doing around here
whats happening in football today
trash the open list google
what is the lowest microsoft stock price today
My details need to be changed, how can I do so?
are there any new emails from robert jones
what do you mean by saying it.
turn off socket
I need a physical card.  What are the fees?
Will there be any extra fees if I exchange currencies?
have you come across any new recipes
find me the perfect girlfriend
my dog ate my credit card and ruined it
Set a meeting between myself and John at 2pm tomorrow.
My app shows a payment I didn't make
access latest news
What is the weather looking like for the rest of the week?
Does it cost anything to transfer money for a top-up?
what does "rescind" mean
Please let me know when Delia replies to my email from this morning.
I AM NEED MY HAP TODAY
play a game of contra as a second player
where is the nearest pub in the city
How do i get the answer to 2 plus 2?
can you help me figure out how to utilize my credit card points
Add an alarm for tomorrow morning at 6:00 a.m.
i need to mute the speaker
give me the best pizza deals offered today
pick up we left off on battle royale
open the two towers and play
alexa whats i like being a tool for the nsa
what kind of things to you like to outside of work
stop wake up calls for this week
send complain through tweeter consumer service
i'd like to know how to spell cemetary
call vikki
Do international transfers take longer?? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago but it's still not there yet...
can you please confirm that i have a 6:00 pm table reserved under michelle solomon at devon's
Hi, I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can you cancel it as soon as possible?
any one is good to me.
transfer my cash reward balance to my bank
please turn bedroom lights off
can you order more printer paper
PDA open this game
Take me to more music by that artist.
i need to go back on my factory settings
How many e-mails today?
let me know why my card was declined yesterday
how many of my vacation days do i have remaining
I would like to receive updates about the stock market every day.
i am sorry but i think you did not interpret the request correctly.
can you make me some coffee
find recent events of the celebrity
please tell me about the historic facts about india
please set alarm for me
Find Me a nice restaurant for dinner
it's a bit dark increase lighting
please note that i will be travelling internationally soon
can you please turn up the lights
how many days did i skip work
that's all, cancel it.
are you a human
When I received my cash; they had my exchange rate incorrect.
I'd like to open an account for my kids can I do that?
Olly, should I open the sun roof?
I need to set an alarm for next Friday at noon.
add detergent to the list of things i need to buy
I was unable to make a transfer to another account.
search steps for how to report a card lost
When I got cash, I'm pretty sure there was a glitch that overcharged me.
can you book a train ticket for my mother
Supported countries
set a timer to go off in 5 minutes
What is the current traffic
what day do i get my paycheck
What to do if my card is about to expire?
Can you give me the movie schedule?
How can I order virtual cards?
how many calories in an orange
what's the right spelling of rambunctious
display exchange rate of euro to Indian rupee
I AM NEED OF AN EVENING RAIN COAT
One of my charges was declined, but the second one went through.  But I notice on my App that one of them has gone through, and the other one is still pending.  Please ensure that only one charge is processed. Thanks
do i need to change my oil soon
light off
empty the contents of my to do list
Play lady now
do i need to get any shots before volunteering in the congo
you are so helpful,.
For a new event or meeting request, choose Repeat on the toolbar.
find me a recipe for carrot soup
will you please check that.
please clean my shopping list
How do I cancel a previous purchase
I don't remember my password
what credit limit do i have
do homework for me please
I can not seem to make a successful transfer, can you tell me what I'm doing wrong?
How's the weather in the capital city?
erase the items on my to do list
what time is it in someplace?
what's going on
Is it possible to cancel my transfer?
remove eggs for the shopping list
Reply to John's email today saying I will be late
I tried to get some with-drawls but the machine didn't work. The transaction still seems in progress.Seems like  something is wrong,I don't want to be charged for Transaction i did not make.
post this on my facebook
take milk off my grocery list
Is Mary Smith in my contacts list?
When will I meet with joe next
PDA, access my FitBit app and record this activity, yoga, fifty minutes, high intensity.
is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for twenty third march
I would really like a physical card.
I think something went wrong with my exchange between Russian Ruble and UK pounds. I was overcharged during the swap.
Why won't my card accept any transactions?
yeah exactly.
can you find me my phone
what is today's day
what type of gas does this car need
How do I discontinue my account?
what's interesting around here
How do I add cash to my account?
What's the card you sent me's tracking number?
I think my transfer failed. What do I do now?
please remind me about the event later five pm
olly that is all, just cancel.
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
what's the nutritional information of iceberg lettuce
what's the sum of all i owe on bills this month
create a new list called grocery store please
What is the best meatball recipe?
add appointment in the list
decrease the volume to 10
what's on my todo list for today
mute immediately
turn off eight am alarm
what times do the trains run between here and the met
it seems like your command is wrong.
can you save this what a nice song for me
super song
i think you have done the task all wrong.
So, I was just charged for my recent ATM withdrawal and any withdrawal prior to this has been free. What is the issue here?
add 'new year's eve' to calendar
may i know if you are a real person or an ai
until next time
any alarms currently listed
What is the definition of this word?
Hey Google, tell me what alarms are set for me.
how can i cook pizza
please allow me to swap salt for baking soda
Every ATM I visit is rejecting my card and I don't know why. There should be money on it. Can you check it to see if something is wrong or if I'm doing something wrong?
Move this song to up next
given it is four thirty five pm in london what time is it in melbourne
will checking your credit lower my score
what is the square root of ninety seven
there's something fishy on my card, report it
I want 5 hours freed up for Jenn's birthday this Saturday
Does it cost anyting to get my own card?
delete sherlock holmes from library
i want to change your name
Find me a podcast on wrestling.
play new gaga playlist
what is 2 francs in euros
Olly, Describe the feaures of a 2017 toyota 86 for me.
ah it's great work.
I tried pulling out money at the ATM and it gave me an incorrect amount back.
Is there a money transfer fee?
If I need an additional card, is there a fee for that?
is las vegas a safe place to visit
put the dishes on my list of things to do
Order 2 hamburgers for me.
I already paid to top-up but the funds aren't available yet, where are they?
what's the humidity today
s1, please again explain last sentence.
what day do i need to pay my internet and phone bill by
Something is wrong with my password.
I cannot find my refund on my statement.
can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram
Weather forecast from Radio+
Which countries do you support?
My cash withdrawal shows pending, why?
My card is lost! What do I do now?
PDA I got a raise today
are there some good thai restaurants in san antonio
can you order underpants for me
Why is it taking so long to update my balance transfer?
Book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow.
Can I exchange currency to Europe?
tell me my music likes
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
Why does it say my transfer failed?
I have lost my card! What is my next step?
how old will you be
it's time for me to call drew
is there any chinese places in benton ar
How long does it take for money to transfer?
Give me the latest information about President Trump please.
There are some payments with my card that I don't know where they are coming from. Just checked today and it's been since a couple days as well! What to I do? Can I revert this retrospectively? My card needs to be frozen immediately as well!
what is a chair
activate coffee machine
What events are happening between 2-4pm today?
Have I gotten an email from Sean?
my card fell in the toilet and now the chip does not work
please let's try it one more time again.
can you walk me through setting up direct deposit
I'm trying to use my Apple Watch to top up my google pay. Do I need a special app?
I am unable to transfer money. I believe it is not working because it states it was declined.
add to list
Why do you need so much information about my identity?
have i got any new email from my company
will my mastercard charge me a fee for international transactions
Why can't I see my PIN?
read me cat trivia
time mr coffee for six am
don't really bother.
what time is it in new york city
have bing's stocks dropped
help me roll a dice
Temple runner play
Have I received any emails in the past 2 hours
who is your job with
i want to order a takeaway from papa john's
please could you say it once more.
Call Bill to reschedule our meeting
The exchange rate from my card payment isn't right.
A cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account - can you please cancel my card as soon as possible?
does sweden use the same kind of socket or do i need a converter
please tell me what lists i have
what number is my credit score currently
Can you track my card for me?
define a phrase blue sky research
please will you try again.
which is the nearest restaurants available
How can I check on the delivery status of my card?
My phone was stolen, what should I do first?
where can i get gas to get to sioux falls
What do you use disposable cards on?
Is it going to snow this weekend here?
yeap exact response to command.
define 'philosophy'
tell me amd stock prices
What fees are charged when I top up
wake me up at 9am on Friday
would you let me know how low the air in my tires are
olly please would you just stop it.
Please repeat this event.
Can I use an auto top-up option?
Which locations can I withdraw money from?
where is tuesday's morning meeting
what kind of oil and how much do i need for my toyota tacoma truck and how do i do it
what is the traffic like on the way to town
what is this music called
tell me  the details of the music playing
can you text mary and tell her she is amazing
what's my next events
Will you work with any fiat currencies?
add this new email
while in tulsa, if i use my card, would i be charged more
Alexa write email.
remove lunch with co workers on thursday
What types of fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
How many top 10 tunes did Katy Perry have last year?
i need a new accent male british
where is my pizza from domino's at
got married, need to change account name
let me know when my credit card expire
Please explain the charge of 1L in error.  I have purchased nothing in this amount.
Arrange a meeting on Monday
Will my transfer immediately show up in my account?
on politics
is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
I just activated auto top-up, but it is not letting me enable it. Why not?
decrease the volume
Hello- It is urgent I get a refund on this product. The merchant has not been helpful, what can I do now to get this resolved ASAP?
I need help with some transactions in my account that I dont recognize or remember purchasing. Im not sure if the name is just different or what. Should my card be put on hold while the issue gets figured out to be safe or is it ok?
Why is my cash deposit not in my account?
where is the statue of liberty located
What can I do if contactless doesn't work?
i put in a credit card application, so what is the status with it currently
what is currently trending on twitter
Play music on shuffle
PDA, please send an email to my family.
How many purchases can I make with one disposable card?
Hey, I tried to withdraw some cash earlier and it's saying it's pending? Will I be charged for this?
can I transfer my salary if it's in a different currency?
check the detail.
change the color of the lights
remind me tommorrow at 10 AM to wish my friend
If it is 12 hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time, what's the time in the Philippines now?
what is 56 dollars in yen
I'm having difficulties changing AUD for GBP. How do I do this?
where did you last live
what town were you born in
What is the latest news on Donald Trump
rephrase further on your response please.
you've understood that right.
would you do it again please.
olly will you just stop it please.
i want to be called tom
I want to revert a transaction I did
Is it possible to order another card?
i watched the best movie please reserve me a copy when it releases
Clap on!
can you show me the last breaking news form WSJ?
are all programs in line
Can you please tell me why my card payments are not going through when I try to buy something online? When I put in my card payment it takes it but it comes back a while later.
could you please tell me the meaning for the item laptop
what movie theatres are in stephenville
What did Vogue post today.
new reminder, please
charges of delivery
Olly, its Jim's birthday on 2nd March, mark it in your calendar.
How do I do an international transfer?
what do you mean.
help me with my transfer
tell me a play list
What happened to where my top-up was canceled?
My friend deposited $100 into my account, but it is not showing up!
what would be the best way to deal with lost luggage
I have a new card and I can't add money to it.  I tried about 30 minutes ago and it is still pending.  What do I do?
what sorts of tasks can you do
tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horrible
it seems like olly's command was not right.
I made a payment and it is showing up twice
Check outlook
you can stop talking ai
invite jack for meeting tomorrow
please turn the tv on
Are there ATM fees?
make me a cup of coffee
Can I be topped up once I hit a certain balance?
what sort of hobbies are you into
give the stock price details of Motorolla.
Please play my favorite song by Bruno Mars.
is it possible to get a credit limit increase to 3000
Any dangerous weather today?
Why can't I get cash out?
My actual card isn't functioning.
I'd like to have another card
dammit, not correct response.
Which merchants accept my card?
I exchange my currency quite a bit.  Do I get an exchange price break?
Is USD free to top up with a US card?
Can I use my Apple Watch to pay for gas?
What are the most current exchange rates?
add mail id subject content
when did i last have my car fixed
PDA, I'd like to listen to Poker Face by Lady Gaga
I think I want AUD and not GBP, can you help?
What is taking so long on my transfer from the US?
give me the date today
check mom's number
open twitter and add complaint on doctor patel's feed
where am i at currently
Will I need to order a new card since mine expires next month?
What do I do if my card is about to expire?
i wish to know the types of subjects are you familiar with
what is your name
stay quiet
Am I able to do top-ups with Google Pay?
What happened to my Top-Up? It's not reflected.
how to get new card?
PDA, remove that item from my list.
did you get the instruction correctly?
change your colors to green
stop audiobook
i need a ride home
How tall are the Rockies?
in 100 days from now, what will be the date
can you call me bobby instead of bob
I want to close my account. The service you provide is unsatisfactory to me.
what's the time in new york
Play 103.7 FM.
is the song by shakira
Could I get tracking on the card?
earth info
start vacuuming
I am inquiring about your auto top up feature.
There is an unauthorized fee.
i want you to check what just said please.
how cold is it in wisconsin today
i'd like you to check detail please.
I am interested in giving a second card to my daughter, how can I make this happen?
Can I change my pin at a cash machine?
what is the route to the closest mcdonalds
time to replace my credit card
what is the traffic like
I cannot verify my identity
How can I prove I am me?
What is the definition of succinct?
What should I do if my card doesn't work?
What can you tell me about getting a virtual disposable card?
I was wondering if there were any discounts offered for frequent currency exchanges?
clear the list
lets play poker
would you move 100 dollars from the checking and put it into savings
Why do you need so much information about me
Give me a refund now!! I am still waiting.
Today was a hard day.
Can I use google play as my primary app to Top up?
what is the wait time at applebee's
Next month my card will expire, do I need to order a new one?
Remove books from list
The app is showing an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
could you tell me if you're a real person
i want to figure out the stock on microsoft
what date will my next paycheck be here
what do i do to stop my credit score from going lower
What is the fee if I use a European bank for a top up?
info on direct deposit set-up
show me the current traffic nearby me
It looks like my top up didn't work.  Why?
move on to the next song
There's a direct debit I wish to dispute
how much money did i spend yesterday
Is it going to rain today in Columbus?
olly could you shut up please.
remember to remind me of this later
drop {item} from list
Where is my credit card that was to be mailed?
is there an option to change the language
let me know the carry on policy for alaska airlines
Are you sure this is the interbank exchange rate? This rate is really bad.
I attempted to get money in cash but it was refused!
please turn up the screen brightness all the way
hey order two wings with french fries from the chinese food store
What's the refund process?
What are the latest photos on my Instagram account
can you get me a table for 5 at johnnys
find and queue all songs of kate perry and play all without shuffling
send a tweet to national grid
reply the email of charles with just thank you right now
please will you check and confirm the details.
how much is my water and sewer
Do you charge a fee for topping up a card?
Hey Olly, play me a popular R&B song?
Give me my card, I need it now!
play me harry potter from the place i last stopped listening on
do i have free time next tuesday to schedule a meeting
set an alarm for 11 tomorrow
show me the way to jump start a battery
I can't find my phone.
is there anything happening on jazz scene around edinburgh
tell me the status of my tires and when i need to replace them
what company is responsible for this design
I would like this alarm permanently removed
check emails for last hour
I want to hear current dance hits
do you know london's timezone
what's your date of birth
can you tell me what 100 british pounds equals in us dollars
What time is it on the west coast?
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
I was charged twice for a few things this week when I only bought one. What do I do?
Good afternoon
ticket for delhi
play the next show on podcast.
add appointment to list
book a train ticket for tomorrow going to new york
Are there any fees when exchanging to foreign currencies?
I would love to share my meal with you
i am going to go ahead and pair this with my new phone
find and order rasgulla of janta sweet home pvt ltd
what's my current fuel level
turn on wfrn ninety nine point one
what's something interesting about bees
add shopping to my to do list
how has your life been changed by me
What kind of documents do I need for the identity check?
who in the area can inspect my engine light
on flight america airlines in o'hare lost luggage
whatever will be fine.
is my work alarm set for tomorrow
If I need to make an exchange from USD to GBP, how can I do so in the app?
what music is this
please tell my bank i'm traveling to mexico between next wednesday for a week after
can you tell me the name of my insurance plan
What do I do if my card gets broken?
How long will it take for my top up to work? It's still pending
If I have already completed a cash withdrawal at an ATM, is it normal for it to show as a pending transaction on the app?
Ok Google, schedule a meeting with the VP of the department on 3/21/2017
Reply an Email to Jason that I will not come tonight
thanks for answer.
it was good chatting
I am super stressed because of work.
yeap that's exact.
I payed my rent to my landlord a few days ago and he is saying the it never went though. Everything looks good to me and I even double checked the account number. I don't know what could be causing the confusion. Can you help me please?
I was supposed to get a purchase refunded but I don't see the money in my account
i need new home owners insurance
Band name?
Google set my alarm to go off in an hour.
what are the vietnamese restaurants in the area
emails in the last 10 minutes
Ok Google, what was the stock price for Google yesterday
Can you tell me what the problem with my card is? It was declined at a restaurant today.
what time is the alarm set for tomorrow
when is it time for a change in tires
who is going to my meeting at 9AM?
a word like ramification
Why do I have duplicate transactions for one purchase?
i think this was not the correct answer.
headlines from Dhaka tribune
thank you for doing it, olly.
how much is twenty argentinian pesos in pounds
iterate the items on my reminder list
find out if the restaurant does takeaway orders
let me know about the stock rate of a microsoft
Could you provide my upcoming events?
is my todo list possible today
Please help me cancel a transaction.
Mark reminder with these people
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
whatever the next event is in the calendar delete it
Soon my card will expire, how do I get a new one?
I took out a foreign currency and the exchange rate is wrong.
Hello. I bought an item a while ago, and have since requested a refund.  However, upon checking my online statements, it seems that I haven't been issued a refund yet.  How can this be remedied?
do you know what day it is
Ok Google, play audiobook {title}
i was at zales trying to buy a ring and my card got declined
you are the best,.
where am i on the map
make the lights brighter
please change the pin on my bank of america account to be 1234
Snooze all today's alarms permanently.
I was charged a fee for withdrawing cash.
I'm quite confused as to what is going on. There is some odd extra pound charge on my statement in the app that's just listed as pending and doesn't go away since a couple days.
uhh no, i did not say that.
After a transfer, I see an extra fee.  Why?
What's happening here ?
why, hello bandit
how many inches make one feet
Do I need to verify my identity to use my account?
change the bedroom lights to green
tell me who programmed you
I want to order another crad
does pings do takeaway
Please Delete all meetings of today after 7 P.M.
please would you just cancel it.
What events are going on in the area?
could you please recommend a mexican restaurant for take out
how do i say 'hotel' in finnish
Hey there, I just went through my most recent credit card payments and I notice the same charge for a restaurant was processed twice. There was only one meal at this place, so I would like one of the charges to be reversed and my money to be put back in the account.
set a meeting with tom tomorrow at seven pm
tweet at KOC: your waiting time sucks
i don't really mind to choose any one.
Do you know any jokes?
How do I go about getting a refund?
remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at nine am
i must call jordan
heads or tails please
is there enough in my savings account to get a new tv
i'd like to find the date that my gas bill is due
what's in my list of tasks
my games to play in my phones
what is the process to apply for a visa card
s1, please could you further explain me about it.
The app does not believe that I am myself
got it correcly.
PDA, Book please
I checked my account today and it said I was out of money. How do I transfer money into my account?
Complain to the DMV office about the excessively long line.
how many calories are in vanilla ice cream
I tried transferring to an account but it didn't go through. What happened?
make your preferred language english
tell me the amount of calories in muffins
what is the stock price of amazon
is it acceptable to swap salt for baking soda
what does the forecast look like
does ireland have any travel alerts i should be aware of
in tokyo, what's the time
you don't understand what i asked for.
Hi, status of one of my card payment is still pending from a while. Please let e know how much time it will take to complete.
HIS HARDWORD IS PROPRLY QUEAD
Will it snow next week?
turn program on xmtune
confirmed.
I've tried many times to make a payment, but it's not going through.  What's wrong?
could you confirm detail please.
how to go to multi specialty hospital
it isn't what i am looking for.
What is the birthday of adamgilchrist
pause the music
I am waiting on the refund
tell me the content of my to do list today
can you throw out some suggestions to me of places to travel to
I tried activating my bill of fare and it didn't workplace
show me how to top up
it was nice chatting with you
get command exactly.
walk me through on how to change my insurance
DId I put toothpaste on my pick up list?
remind me every year on this date of
move to next episode
what kinds of subjects do you know about
i no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
speed up your talking
what are the show times for logan at the nearby theatre
PDA what's on my shopping list
when do my tires need changing after i replaced them last week
whats the wait time for a replacement card
when should my oil get changed
delete the monthly recurring team meeting till june
Is there a limit to the top-ups someone can do?
There seems to be a couple of payments listed in the app I know weren't made by me. Is there a possibility someone has access to my card? Can you find out what's going on?
I was getting some cash out of the ATM but it cancelled on me without warning.
how much does my water and electricity cost
Why was I charged an extra fee when doing a transfer?
that's not what i meant to say.
Please help!  There was an extra fee when I got cash.
show me some options for new credit cards that i can apply for, please
I have not received a refund.
can i get takeaway from Arby's
My PIN is blocked, what do I do?
How come my card payment is still pending?
What do you base your exchange rates on?
do i need to get a visa for traveling to chile
tell me if the following is true about the weather:
After inputting the wrong pin too many times, can you now help me unblock my pin?
i think there's a fraudulent transaction on my account
please put wash the dog on my list of things to do
Is there a reason behind why my transfer did not work?
set the living room lights to red
reply to new email from joe
what was your place of creation
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew wasn't correct.
Olly where can I find nike shoes in Cleveland
would you shut off.
does the restaurant have delivery
i wish to go for cheap shopping is there any dollars shop nearby
A transfer to my account shows as still pending and I wanted to know how long it is suppose to take to clear.
Balance hasn't been updated following a bank transfer
is there a travel alert in spain
will car rentals be available in boston from march 2 to march 4
Is there anywhere  In the  Eu  this card can not be delivered in
please list all my alarms
How do you find the exchange rate?
list my reminders
Any meeting on.....
can you tell me how to spell the word schadenfreude, i don't know how it's spelt
Play playlist Postal Service.
Will I get a Visa card or Mastercard?
that is enough.
Please tune my XM radio to CNN
unfortunately it would appear that my luggage is totally lost
eliminate
How long until I receive my food
give me a recipe for tacos
what is my routing number to my checking account at bb&t bankj
When I went to withdraw cash today the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash. The app is showing a larger amount.
turn my iroomba on
my friends call me carrie
my card got melted and i need to report it, please
can you change the oil, with what and how
How much will I get with the exchange rate?
i want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey in five sentences
play 20 questions
remove birthday party
What are my next scheduels?
When will my card be delivered?
send a test email to
can you tell me my current salary
my card got dropped in the shredded and i need it replaced
Why has my card payment been reverted?
Can you look to make sure the exchange rate is correct
Is there a minimum age for having an account?
how many euro in u. s. d.
tell me the mpg of my vehicle
the answer is confirmed.
resume my audiobook where we paused last
how long will it take to travel to japan from south korea
fast and the furious
how do I get top up to work for my card
Please tell me why the same transaction is showing up on my account more than once.
What do you do to transfer money to my account?
is there show on my list.
how can a cook risotto
I am having a slight problem with my American express in apple play, can you help me fix the problem with top up?
What is twelve times eight?
I paid with my card and got charged an extra fee, what's up with that?
Currency exchanges have any extra fees?
Set alarm for 1 hour from now.
i cannot seem to activate card
This song should be on my playlist
How long should I wait for top up go go through ?
Why can't I withdraw cash?
how will be the weather tomorrow?
Olly, what is the fastest route to town?
i need to pay this month's tv subscription fee
please arrange to make all lights to show brighter
My exchange went wrong. I swapped Russian Ruble for UK pounds and was charged too much.
My Google pay top up isn't working. Help.
no i didn't mean that.
delete my dinner tomorrow
no, that's not what i wanted.
olly will you please shut down.
please create a new alarm
does my todo list have vacuuming on it
What's happening with the hurricane in the gulf?
i think it's not the correct answer.
sorry but you have messed up the command.
what did i list in my reminders
play a game of chess with me
Remove Soccer list from notes
is this where i apply for a new credit card
yeah strongly agree.
Was charged an ATM fee despite it being a small withdrawal on the 1st day of the month. I thought I was allowed 200 per month?
I just got my new card but am not sure how to check its PIN.
Do I have email from my work?
provide me news
can you change my 1st national account pin to 4892
can you prepare a cheese sandwich
can you help me find my credit score
Account #├ö├ç├ûs and Passwords, fasion
Olly, will you mark that I am busy for an event tomorrow at 2 pm?
Can you empty my calendar?
Where do I order a card?
please pause this audio book now
mute the music
make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color please
i have a vacation request that i need made
Set an alarm for this 8:00 PM this evening
my events
i don't know how to spell apparently
put song in springtime playlist
when is the next time i need to get an oil change
I have zero dollars in my account. Can I submit additional funds via bank transfer?
Can the card be mailed to Europe?
What is Mary Smith's telephone number?
what is happening on facebook
navigation search
what are some good restaurants near by
are you real or are you an ai
how much is the charge of using my card in italy during my stay there
i need to set up direct deposit
i need you to be quiet until tomorrow
I would like to know the latest from NBC news.
please show me how to set up my paycheck for direct deposit to my chase account
i need a flight from the 3rd to the 7th round rip from denver international to new york international
what's on my calendar for tuesday
My card broke.
i'd like you to add oranges to my shopping list
Will there be snow this week?
do you have a funny joke for me
pay my cell bill from my deposit account
Lets hear it from FM 96.5
play candy crush with me
what things are there to do in kentucky
do i have any music by lady antebellum
you have understood my instructions right.
How does the dollar compare to the pound?
what are the nutrition facts for a rodeo cheese burger at burger king
Silence please.
There is a card payment that I'm not recognizing.
dim the lights in my bedroom
how many rupies are in a dollar
tell time for another city: dallas
what oil should i use for an oil change and how do i do it
i like top twenty music
Please lower the lights
Place family phone on instagram
uh no, i think you don't interpret request right.
deadpool
play podcast 1
get me the number for local taxi service
clear all events on my calendar
what is now on my reminder list
would please let me know how much i spent on food in january
I did a payment but it was reverted by the app
How do I top up with cash?
Has Tom emailed me?
what genre is this song in
make an alarm for tomorrow at twilight
How long will it take to urgently transfer something to China?
what type of vacation schedule do i have left
please send a complaint to someone
skip
the command was confirmed.
sorry but it was not correct.
can you tell me the phone number of me
I got declined when attempting a transfer
Take me to news from NBC
please change your accent
Add that song to my Top 10 favorites list
Bring up my email.
Do you limit my top-offs?
what temperature should a baked chicken be
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
what's the right spelling of rambunctious
I want to hear something <insert genre>
identify object
vacuum the floor
Lights off in the guestroom.
order some new checks to replace the ones i ran out of
Although I am not located in the UK area, may i still receive a card?
time to sleep
Are there specific ATM's that I can draw money from?
Is there an issue with my account?  I don't see a cheque deposit that I made yesterday.  Please assist.
how long does it take to make lasagna
show me how to apply for a visa card
any one is okay to me.
it is ten am in eastern standard time what time it is now it pacific standard time
create an alarm for five pm
Is there new news from cnn.com?
how was the traffic now
I need to change my address in the personal details.
Play anything by Cat Stevens and I'll be happy
find me a rental car from 3/6 - 3/9 in port charles
add email to existing contact
you did your understanding perfectly.
Are these cards available in europe?
Hello, I noticed there is a payment from my card to a business that I am not familiar with. I definitely did not make this payment.
remind me about thing at time
has my credit card application been approved yet
How is weather on such and such day.
How do I transfer money using a credit card?
open the profile of allen from my contact
could you tell me again please.
what is today's day
please be quiet for another hour
Start The Gilmore Guys.
What is the number of days I have to wait for my Europe transfer?
What steps do I need to take to change my card PIN?
how many miles before i need my tires changed
I have tried to use my card several times and it does not work.
i need to set a meeting with tom at 6pm
channel seventy two point five
get me tom's number
display latest emails
Hey I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It's not that difficult to transfer money to another country in 2018 is it?
Let me know later.
olly cancel alarms
could you send a text to bill saying no
tune in some radio
Recent Conroe news
Find Joel Osteen's broadcast on sirius?
How long do EU transfers actually take? I recently bought something online a few days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
can you save this what a nice song for me
what is my location?
how long until i reach my destination
do you know any trivia about the ocean
can i substitute ketchup for mustard
it was really awesome to talk to you
Please provide me more info.
Can you inform me about what I have going on this week?
What is the echange rate between USD and JPY
How to exchange my currency
PDA turn off the light
there is a transfer pending.
Lower the volume to 20
i need to know what dominate means
no idea, sorry
Hi There, Do you offer home delivery for orders?
Turn off the socket
how me the highest weather this week
What is the purpose for verifying my identity?
Whats on my list
I should have received a refund however it is not showing on my statement
i gotta know who is your boss
i lost my card, what do i do next
tell me once more please.
will you speak one more again please.
What time does the train departs Lagos?
Why is the exchange rate different from what I expected?
PDA: I want to know what supermarket near me has the best price on gluten free bread.
Post the picture I just took on Twitter.
how do i cook rise
what is my meeting schedule today
start the vacuum at nine am
oh no, you've done a task in wrong manner.
can i get a train ticket to
tweet verizon customer service
it could go either way
I would like to cancel a transfer
please remove the first list
get large pizza with pepperoni
flip that coin please
yeah it's fantastic.
yes you have done it exactly.
My daughter needs to open account.
PDA, send email.
put the last song on repeat
ABHI JO SONG PLAY HO RAHA HAI USKE BAARE ME KYA KHYAAL HAI ?
tell taxi to pick me up at four pm
explain further.
What is the weather for the school week?
What do I do if I see a cash withdrawal on my account that I don't remember making?
what is the current date in india
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at 7 today
There's been a transaction to the wrong account.
PDA, Can you give me instructions on how to cook this food.
I need someone to find out where my money has gone to? It has disappeared. I completed a top up earlier and seen it had went through. Since it has now disappeared I need to know what's going on.
listening song of arijit singh post it on my facebook account
tell me updates
i'm going to the movies book an uber for 6 people
Can I see the next episode of the podcast?
get rid of butter on my shopping list
check that.
How do I contact customer support about a transfer?
Why hasn't my transfer been made?
list to do
how might i say hello if i were scottish
when i get home can you please order a pizza
Play for me the music by The Beatles
Can you tell me why my card keeps getting declined every time I try to use it?
Tweet Kohls about the cleanliness of their store
what are some ways to increase my credit
network podcast
How can I get additional cards?
thanks but i think you made a mistake.
what is the minimum i have to pay on my chase card
if idle then turn off else turn on
can i increase the credit limit on my visa card
Where can I find a list of descriptions the disposable cards have?
I updated by balance with a cheque yesterday but it isn't showing on my account. Did something go wrong?
do I need anything for the identity check?
can you change my credit limit
play music in library
get me a local restaurant
directions to sainsburys
what are the chances of the stock market closing below the two hundred moving average in the next fourteen days
delete my list
what's the exchange rate between czk and euro
My card hasn't been working for even small transactions today.
How long will a transfer from China take? I need to transfer something from there.
I topped up but it didn't complete
Is it possible to open an account for my children?
please lower the sound
i need a stop placed on my bank account please
were you made here
The app can't verify my information for identity proofing purposes.
Is there a way to clear my calendar?
I tried to buy something online yesterday and was told declined. I got the same error today after trying again. What is the problem?
Do my kids have to be a certain age to use this service?
Remove alarm.
Why is my debit card being declined when I have money?
it is unimportant to me.
If my kids wanted to use your service how old would they have to be?
What do I need to do for a PIN?
play next episode
Can it automatically top up my account?
please put a block on my discover account immediately
sorry but i think you are not right.
please phone lizzy
My order needs to be canceled.
save opinion on song
Please make me some coffee
Does the card you sent have a tracking number?
Google, what is the temperature outside?
can you tell me if your a bot
play chess with me please
What to do today in Biloxi
Get me an uber
Why has my card declined
what time is it in akron
I have a new card and I need to activate it.
What age do my kids need to be to use your service?
would you explain further on it to me please.
when is the date my visa card will expire
Launch game
will i need a plug converter when i visit costa rica
add alarm
is a peso worth more than a dollar
What is IBM's stock worth?
Someone else may be using my card.  There are transactions I don't recognize.
I need to add bananas to my grocery list.
do a coffee for me please
When is (insert event) taking place?
please start vacuum
hi, ai
Will it cost me to get a second card?
find songs from my big band playlist
currency converter please
add this song to my catalogue
How many top-ups can I use?
Hello. I have a transaction in my account listed as pending. I tried to use an ATM at the city centre, but the machine declined my card, and I did not receive the money. Why is the transaction still pending if I did not receive the money.
What is the subject of latest email I got, and who sent it?
Delete events for ***.
wake me up at 6 am
Can you set the living room lights to pink?
please can you say it once again.
please go and change the pin on my bank of america account to be 1234
markets near by
how do i make meatloaf
breaking news fox news
I saw a payment come out of my account for a merchant I don't remember.
find me a place to stay in cali november 11 to 15
What year did Tim Burton divorce Helena?
did anyone message me on facebook
How do I order a replacement for stolen card?
I don't know my PIN, how can I find that out?
can you confirm my reservation for 6 pm on the 13th of february
how much mpg does this car get in the city
I want to hear my playlist from that artist
How do I use a check to top up?
Note current song as awesome please.
reserve a taxi
will you check detail please.
what is the biggest blockbuster this week
cnn
change to the females voice please
roll them bones!
do you know if you are a robot
What cards and currencies will suffice?
play npr on this station
hello beef up the volume a little bit
open terry's email
hey play me a popular country song
Sports Scores
i need you to skip this song and play the next one
how do you convert kilos to pounds
open <unk> mhz
could you please again clarify your answer to me.
My card is broke, what do I do?
play checkers with me
Can I see that history on my funds and where they came from?
What is the lowest population per square mile in Africa
Adding meetings on particaur dates of calender
i need to change my insurance to a plan with a lower deductible
when am i due for a tire change
including the day i missed because of snow, how much time have i take off work so far
uh no, you gave me wrong information.
Confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
I cant get money out of the ATM with my card.  I just put my card in the ATM but it will not allow me to take any money out.  What do I need to do to fix this?
i put in money for vacation and its not showing. i need that money today, how long will it take
buying of groceries new lsit
lower the overhead lights
I can't see a top-up top-up verification code.
Hi,  Please help me, as i have transferred some amount but receiver did not get the same amount. He received a bit less. Due to this again i need to transfer the difference.   I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
Why doesn't the person I sent money to see that transfer yet?
what is the current weather in miami
I was charged extra. Was the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday wrong?
can i swap applesauce for oil
how you will define religion
what should i use the points from my credit card on
new list
do you remember my name
Will you reinstate my PIN?
what is the status of my order
PLEASE turn the volume down.
can you limit my top up?
make the lights pink at the house
please do not speak
How many disposable cards per person?
List of Playback of A.R Rahman collections
I like soft rock music
thanks, it was excellent.
What can I use to verify my identity?
What are the local concerts tonight?
I can't find any option to top up with a cheque?
let's switch out of whisper mode
Can I create my own top-up limit?
Is there a list of ATMs that take this card?
display list of recent emails
i love the songs of micheal jackson can you save some songs of jackson for me
how many of my off days have i run through for the year thus far
what timezone is russia in
show me share price of tata
turn off lamp
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
go to favourite list
atm ate my card
thank you so very much
can you swap the language to afrikaans for me
please would you repeat what you've said.
Do you have any fees if I want to add money using an international card.
Hello, I want to turn off my wemo plug,
The refund has not appeared in my account
feel free to call me jim
what new is happening in business according to the economist
Where do I get a disposable virtual card?
What do I do if I think someone has used my card?
Select Recipe
current traffic
how many total meetings will i have between 2 and 5
why do you charge for transfers?
turn off all lights
What is wrong with my top-up?
hello, how is it going
tweet to the customer service account of starbucks
read available lists
give me the opening stock price of apple
the song on speaker is what like
I went to look at my top-up and it was canceled, can you tell me why this happend?
how long will a bus ride take if i'm going to the capitol building
replay what you've just said.
Does it cost to add money to my card?
what place were you made at
is it true that susan's birthday is on march first
display exchange rate of euro to indian rupee
use that email address as a contact
my favorite singer is shakira
tell me your age please
speak all items for to day
make this my favorite
book a train ticket for me
what is the time frame to get a new card mailed to me
are you my insubordinate
Check any mail from Amazon?
please tell me the current date
how is the traffic on third street
lost phone, dont want others to access account
can you please set up a meeting for 3:00 on wednesday
how many cups in a quart
how can i set up a meeting
Is there a limit to auto top?
i like you confirm last thing said please.
where I went today?
what's the latest info on flight dl123
how is the traffic now
movies with good rotten tomato ratings
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
If my card is about to expire, do I need to order a new one?
I attempted to top up but the app denied it.
Remove noodles from the list
When did I get a $1 extra fee on my statement?
You have declined my  payment.
i am not clear about your words.
turn off all the lights
i need you to increase your volume
Why are you charging me a transfer fee?
what movie should i go see
i need help making pancakes
Can you open my itunes?
you could say my name is nick
start the robot vacuum cleaner at one pm today
i didn't hear you, can you repeat that louder
what time is it Eastern
what are the steps to set up direct deposit to my chase account
could you roll the dice please
what is left for today
Wake me at 6 am Thursday, so I have time for the meeting.
What are the various currencies and cards that you offer support for?
"i need to report fraudulent activity to my card company
brighten  of lights in living room
display volume strength on current track
i'm not satisfied with the services and no longer want to be a customer
slow down your voice
can you add this song to my jazz playlist
my list of reminders contains what
Add Mike's birthday on March third to my calendar.
i don't know how to spell circumference
switch off the plug point
revert from whisper mode
I need to change my phone number.
Which was longest river in the world
yes answer was amazing.
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
are there any alarms set right now
please further rephrase it.
Set a reminder for the meeting Friday at 3 p.m.
delete bread from shopping list
activate the robot vacuum
again elaborate your answer.
What is the email sent by this contact read
please show me how to apply for a visa card
that's great, thank you.
i meant no
I want to use a payment card to top up my account. How can I do this?
roll die, 6 sided
I would like to have a sushi, can you order me a lunch?
Did X replied to me on mail ?
suggest an italian meal for me
true is my response
Why do the top-ups need to be verified?
create event
what time does the train arrive
Why are you keeping my money from me by declining my card? What is going on?
Alter Lunch Event to repeat every Friday
please try the things one more again.
what is my schedule for june fourteenth two thousand and seventeen
stop after current song
tell me the artist name
How did XXX become famous?
make sure my reservation is happening for john at olive garden
By keying in the computer in social medias
What year did Elvis die?
make the lights blue please
w
I didn't see the money I added to my card.
What would the age limit be?
how do i pay my electric bill
What is my first appointment today?
tweet this tweet coffee was too hot and at this company costa coffee
turn my iroomba on
how is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas today
Please Find all name start with alphabetic of 'G' and create a list.
The ATM is showing it gave me the money I requested but I didn't get that amount.
remind me after a month
Is Starbucks' stock up or down from last quarter?
didn't understand what you said now.
is there a way to change name?
There is a payment in the app I did not make
There is a direct debit payment that I did not make.
How long do elephants live?
recommend a local steak restaurant
Show me the next episode
i need an uber to the doctor
tell me the minimum i can pay on my utilities bill
The app won't let me transfer money to a beneficiary
please could you replay.
set a reminder for vacation next month
What is this direct debit in my statement?
how far from our destination are we
what do i need to change the oil in my car
I made a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending" in the account. How long will this payment take to complete?
is there any traffic downtown right now
Please check if Leonardo is Married
what is the name of this song that's on right now
Is it possible to cancel a transaction?
do you know when i'll receive my next paycheck
while on flight america airlines i lost luggage in o'hare
can you cancel the reservation for kyle's party at red lobster
do i need shots to go to thailand
it's amazing.
When the time is right will this automatically replenish my balance?
play billybob show on bbc radio four
Please play the beatles, PS. I love you
call raju phone number
change color of the light to red outside the house
food-processing business in your home has advantages
What countries do you support?
Can I have a refund for one of your products?
the song on speaker is what like
dollar to pesos exchange rate
PDA name: are you working for the NSA
my new work schedule list
PDa, show me Chinese food near me
my set alarms
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
is my replacement card coming soon
Visa and Mastercard can both be received from you?
My card needs to be topped up.
Shall we meet for today's party
Do I have to do an identity check?
I have been charged an extra pound!
how many likes does my status from yesterday have
Problem with my top up going through
please mark the wemo socket to off
I need to freeze my card as soon as possible. I just checked my account and saw that there have been several payments that I don't recognize over the course of a few days. Can we investigate and get my money back?
I attempted to complete a topup, and I thought all was well, but now the money is gone again. Has there been a glitch?
What is the latest news about Obamacare
tell me once more.
How can I unlock my pin from too many tries?
god's plan will be added to my new playlist
confirm my last command please.
play the song get happy by ella fitzgeral
newyork
How can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
save chhana mereya song in my playlist
any important notifications
train times to glasgow
can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area
Can you tell me my appointments for this week?
how long does it take for a transfer from Europe to go through?
My money transfer has not happened yet
What is the maximum transactions I can use on a disposable card?
tell me about the list
how big is the grand canyon
need a taxi for my travel
Put the playlist on shuffle.
Is there a fee to make a transfer?
can you do algebra
i need a recipe for chicken pot pie
Is there anywhere I can't use my card?
please clean my calendar
what is that on the list
is bills house number in my contacts
did i jot down a time to see my accountant on my to do list
My card isn't working at all, I need assistance. It's really frustrating.
what is my next payday
After inputting the wrong pin too many times, can you now help me unblock my pin?
slow rock it's ok
could that be repeated
remind me at 13:00
I was trying to use my virtual card at a merchant and it was rejected. How can I fix this?
What currencies are accepted to add money?
i need to know the amounts due for my utilities and cable bills
what is the carry-on policy for flights on the airline called jetblue
do you have a nickname
Where can I order my virtual card?
let's play a game of chess
Can you read my list off to me?
Schedule an alarm to wake me up after 3 hours.
open the grubhub app so i can order take out
give me the exchange rate between japanese yen and the australian dollar
during what month will my card's expiration date fall on
notify me when the event is going to take place
tell me what i had wanted to remember earlier
what steps do i need to take to report a card lost
what was the location of your birth
s2, i am not clear about your response.
make me a cooled coffee
do you think my name is jeff
did i include cleaning the hamster cage on my list of reminders
find me a recipe for carrot soup
i think i owe about 100 left on my bills, am i forgetting anything
How will I get my card?
Closer by Nine Inch Nails
repeat what you just said
what does a soccer ball look like
show me share price of facebook
You sent me a card and now I want to link it.
please shut off.
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
How to receive the actual card
What went wrong with my transfer?
can i make an appointment for an oil change
hi there, how are things
name some tourist things to do in seattle
the meaning of life please
Is it snowing in California?
Can currencies be exchanged on this app?
what's the value of the euro relative to nzd
are you really real
Read me the last tweet from the washington post
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
Is it possible to get a card if I'm not in the UK?
shit, you gave me not correct information.
PDA: Make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color, please
please give me the road forecast for i95 sb
Is this the hottest day in Mangalore
yeap you've got your understanding right.
what is the latest news on sprint
Why is it taking so long for my pending transaction to post as cleared?
speak with a male british accent
give me a amusing fact about wolf
any cultural events in california
I thought I can make transfers for free, this is not fair. I bought something online from abroad and there was some weird additional fee that I've never seen before?
What is this cash withdrawal I don't recognize?
schedule a pto request for me on march 1-2
Can you please explain why my transfer failed?
are you sure thats correct.
yeap you've understood my instructions correcly.
How long would does it take for a seller to receive an EU transfer if I bought something from them and sent them the money immediately?
disable the alarm which is set at nine thirty pm
blue lights please
Book me a Uber for tomorrow night at 6 pm.
Where do I find the auto top- up?
Skip to the next episode.
How would I use a disposable card?
stop the process happening now
will you tell me a joke
I WANT TO PLAY THAT MUSIC ONE AGAIN.
resume last played audiobook
I am concerned that I am being doubled charged for several items purchased in the past week.  Please review my statement and correct.
you've got it correcly.
tell me what happens when we die
i cannot get virtual card to work
Give me the headlines from Sky News
I want to respond to my last email.
To get more information about a Historic event.
Which currencies will you exchange?
Show me what time it is!
I would like to hear some blues
can you tell me what the meaning of life is
yes that is confirmed.
Can you explain your refund policy, please?
book a train ticket to charleston west virginia eight am
How many disposable cards is the limit?
how do you spell antipathy
find me the name of the artist of this music
Can I use my account before my Identity verification has passed?
what is mary smith's telephone number
look up animal and give me the definition
how do you spell tomato
Do you accept US credit cards?
book a flight from philadelphia to atlanta on june 5th and returning on june 8th
did anyone securely lock the door
when will a replacement card get here
Where can i find my top-up verification code?
what makes that country the coldest
clear all events from march seven
keep me up to date on the election news
make a list of numbers for me
my card is partially damaged how do i report this
do coffee
what is the exact date of your birth
i spent 34 dollars for 12 gallons of paint what is the average price for each gallon
can you give me a meal suggestion from the south
How come the ATM won't give me my money?
remove finlee's bedtime alarm
tell me where the local shopping district is
display date
add a new list
how do i get help with a vacation itinerary
how soon is my anniversary
that is not what i am looking for.
has my vacation been okayed yet
i'd like to you order everything that's on my shopping list
i have no idea for which to choose.
This company is bad, please delete my account.
Please play anything by AFI
i need the information on how to report a lost card
what is set for the weekend three weeks from now
What do I do to get a disposable virtual card?
I was informed that transfers were free. I noticed I have a fee but why?
turn lights to green
may i please have a definition for the work churlish
can i have timing of keral express
can you check and confirm the question please.
how can i redeem rewards earned through my amex card
what are my bills this month
My card was stolen and used to make several purchases. Please freeze my card so no one can use it.
Which countries can I change my PIN in?
Remind me 30 minutes before my meeting at 3pm tomorrow
where can i rent a car in singapore
Can I add money to top up my account via a bank transfer?
Do I need to do something to get a new card once it expires?
what ingredients do i need for chicken breast
You accepts my card?
Describe texture
so i made a fraudulent transaction
How many reminders do I have
Set this event on repeat on the calendar for the same day of the week this month.
I attempted to top up my account but it's been frozen in a pending state for well over an hour now! Is this normal? I'm a new customer and this is my first time doing this. I assumed it would be done quicker than this.
Do add this on my calender PDA!
set up an alarm clock at one pm
i want to hear purple haze
play the next recording
Why hasn't my withdrawal shown on my statement?
Why is my refund missing in my statement?
do i have any appoints set for my calendar april 3rd
Is there a transfer fee?
let's play never have i ever
let me know if anything happens on that subject
yeah amazing response.
lets pass on this song and do the next
do you like cats or dogs
tell me something funny about rats
State the definition of inflation and tell how it's important for any economy?
when can i expect my replacement card
I topped up last night but don't have any funds, why not?
please add this song to my morning job playlist
My top-up is still pending
wouldn't bother.
start my robot vacuum cleaner by ten to eleven am daily
set a timer for two minutes
Post a complaint via twitter to CVS Pharmacy.
google i need one train ticket to new york can you book that for me
negative for sure
What are the cordinates of everest?
can you save this what a nice song for me
I had a card payment that was declined.  Why?
see see for me the alarms that you have set tomorrow morning
will you tell me once more please.
If I started the Bank transfer from Europe, how long will the process take to complete?
What are the news stories on the CNN website?
how can i go from boston to new york by train
I bough an item and the exchange rate was incorrect.
Play me the BBC radio podcast.
Cancel all events for today and mark me busy
start a list of dog names
put this on my facebook
book me a ride
what currencies can I receive my salary in with this?
cup of coffee please
olly call me a cab
begin again book swan
I'm still waiting for my card.
and the light began
why won't you let me pay with my credit card
do i have any meetings with ben today
How come there is an extra fee on my statement?
let my bank know that i'm going to norway between march 3 and march 5
Where can I find the auto-top option?
have there been updates on abortion law
send an email to my boss about my leave
what lowers you credit score
begin a new list
Is this the correct area code for my boss?
Olly, Is a dollar worth more or less in brazil?
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
please tweet about the problem i m facing with the product of company
cash from this morning has not deposited
i want to know the status of my credit card application
Why is my money gone right when I attempted to top up
Turn the lights on
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
you have done it correctly.
call erryn
Is there a way to make my money usable in another country?
They charged me wrong for a currency exchange on a purchase.
Can you please explain how bank transfers work?
i need a stop placed on my bank account please
how do i jump start a bad battery
Have i need to take a sun glass ?
solution
Please terminate my account.
so are you a bot
Olly, what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck?
what is new?
i really enjoy this song
How do I to up by card?
Hey PDA, what is the agenda for the date?
you have understood my instructions correcly.
recipes
Save all of my preferences information specific to songs.
Since my pin is blocked, would you help me unblock it?
is there someone else you work for
Is it possible to hold money in multiple currencies?
will i be able to get away with shorts today
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
where do i report fraud on my credit card
What is happening with president Trump?
Can you tell me where my readily available cash has come from?
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
do not care.
How can I move money from my account at a different bank to the account I have at this bank.
What's shakin' bacon?
can i make a reservation for 6 pm on the 21st at sidetracks
does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway
Why is the transaction to my friend still pending?
If I need delivery on a certain day, is that something that could be accommodated?
Someone stole my card. I need to report it stolen. I made a police report already, but how do I report it with you?
speak faster, please
turn off the dining room
don't get this.
can my husband open an account and transfer money
what is the max credit limit for my card
anything is fine to me, olly.
i was in target about to buy a chair when my card got declined
i want to add this song to my classical playlist
What is happening this weekend?
find me the best recipe for some american style fluffy packcakes
make my collection mostly pop with a good bit of psychedelia
i like senatra songs
Why wasn't my contactless accepted at the metro?
Are my contactless settings correct? I tried to use it today but it wasn't working.
What kind of businesses will take my card?
tell me what the date is today
Alarm if any new reply from the boss
I think my top-up has failed.
I took out cash from the ATM, but something must have went wrong, My account shows the correct amount of cash I took out, but the ATM didn't give me that amount. How do I get my money back?
whatever would be fine with me, olly.
can you tell me what health plan i am on
i need to know the credit limit
Do I really need to verify my identity?
My transfer was declined. What might the reason be?
list a few pizza places that have seating near my current location
positive
open radio frequency 99.5
someone is charging my card for playstations, and it's not me! what do i do!
it seems to be that i have had pizza in the fridge since monday, so is it safe to eat
you've done it correctly.
change my pin to 1234 on account ending with digits 4994
how long should i wait ti activate my card
How can I tell what the limit is to top-ups?
How can I find out about an extra fee on my statement?
Movies
can you tell me my credit score
Was I charged more than I should of been for a currency exchange?
i need you to send my location to paul and ryan
i want to order some food
meaning of word
Check to see if I have any new emails from...
There are strange transactions on my account.  What should I do if I think someone stole my details?
Can you tell me more about limits to disposable virtual cards?
what recreational activities do you enjoy
will you check and confirm detail please.
PDA, open new email to this coworker, at this email.
How long does it take for a refund?
please check the exchange rates of the us dollar vs the euro
yeah that was fantastic.
If I can't choose my card type will I be able to use it everywhere?
Why won't my card work anymore?
what is my next day off
shut down sps
I got a fee when paying with my card
What is John Doe's address?
how much would it cost to buy stock in apple
Whats the closest taxi to me?
am i free on sunday day
do i need to get a visa to visit canada
show me the alarms i set
that is unimportant to me, olly.
louder volume please
What credit cards are supported?
Hey Google play some jazz music for me.
When are you going to activate my card?
yes it's amazing.
what is the lowest amount i can pay for my hospital bill
define the meaning of life
help me get an uber to soldier field
How do I reset my PIN, I can't seem to use my card?
what time is my wakeup alarm set for
yeap.
skip this one
set timer for 5 minutes
tell me about this person
do i have to pay amex transaction fees in brazil
I just got my new card.  How can I activate it?
I noticed that the exchange rate applied to a recent purchase I made abroad was incorrect.
switch the lights to blue
i want a lesson on changing my oil
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
Meet with Joe tomorrow at 3
What's the reason my new card hasn't come?
thank you for doing it, olly.
can i see my lists for today
olly that's all, just stop.
I'm trying to activate the auto-top up function. Where is it?
choose calender
What can I use to verify my identity?
what are the scores from last night's hockey games
off the speakers
How can I add money automatically?
I have a payment that shows twice
i shall know how low are my tires on air
Olly get me a train ticket to atlanta
how would i say i am lost if i were japanese
Where is the auto top-up option?
I see a direct debit transaction in the app that is not mine
hey what's the current time in austin
what is the total amount of gas in my car
show me tracking on my order
can you speed up your speech please
Play the latest pop song
turn on the robot vacuum
how do i contact charles
please tell me the latest news about politics
Why is the refund not on my statement?
set the alarm for me
did trey sand any messages
how can i get my year end summary for taxes
i need this song on my jam playlist
stop what you're doing
When will a transfer from the US post?
send my location to this individual
restore your original settings now
tell me what's happening this week
I made a transfer and the person I transferred the money to didn't receive the right amount? Why did this happen and how do I get the rest of the money to them?
i need an uber to take me to the mall
can you save this song to my favorites
The meaning of life.
Can I top up my balance with a cheque?
add item
what is the most current exchange rate in china
Cannot access my top up.
order me a bowl from chipotle takeout
please dim the overhead lights
excellent.
can you move my money to my savings
can i make a reservation for 2 at state bird for 8:30
how many degrees is it in orange tx right now
read off shopping list
Where is Channing Tatum from?
locate my w-2 form
Hello, I see that I have been charged an extra $1 on my app.  Could you please provide me with a reason for this charge?
I have a new card and need to activate it
How do I report possible fraudulent activity on my account?
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. Why is it happened?
I can't access my account.
Is GBP a supported currency?
podcast next episode
When it's 10 pm here what time is it in Brisbane?
directions please
what are some cool tourist attractions in england
please say it once again.
remember dinner on thursday at bistro italia
im at lax and my bags aren't
what's the status of my jetblue flight
i'd like to continue to the next episode
how many oceans are there?
i could not understand this.
What do I do if my payment was reverted?
turn up your volume
what time is it in the pacific timezone
My ID verification hasn't gone through yet, but can I use my account anyway?
I want a Mastercard, instead.
could you add this song to my rock playlist
what oil do i need for my honda crv and how do i change it
I want to use my card. How do I activate it?
i want to raise the light
Pleae play Huey Lewis all titles.
you've understood the answer exactly.
what's the balance in my bank accounts
show me pancakes
do i have enough points to for a redemption
what do i do to find my location
How do I fix a payment that was reverted
s2, can not get this.
Do I get any sort of discount on volume for a lot fo currency exchanges?
Why was I charged extra using my card?
start the next episode
I am seeing in the App a payment that its not mine
set an alarm
what alarms do i have set right now
Is the train time to a location long
this doesn't matter with me, olly.
transfer $500 from my checking to my savings
when do i need to change my motor oil
my car needs an appointment for an oil change
i need to report a stolen card
oh no, you've done the task wrong.
do i need to wear some warm clothes today.
Last Saturday, I was charged extra for the exchange rate on my payment. Is something wrong?
please set event on monday
i will speak slowly so you can find the correct answer.
Why would my payment for my card show as pending?
can you tell me the remaining time i have for pto
any recent emails
is snap doing good after the ipo
How long does it typically take for a pending ATM withdrawal to clear?
Which merchants accept this card?
show me what you think my name is
tell me that one more time again.
i must know what kinds of pets you have
Disable wemo socket
ATM withdrawal not working.
how small of a payment can i make for my chase card bill
Echo, turn on a Country music station
i want to hear pop music
Can I exchange currencies with my account?
start cappuccino for me now
play angry bird
How do I verify my ID?
what time does the train arrive at______
how much btaxes
how long until my order arrives
How do I go forth on verifying my identity?
what is the highest rated movie now out
My card's expiration date is close.
what kind of mileage do i get out of gas
What is a hibachi grill?
if i lost my card how do i report it
down the speaker volume at the end of level
I answered so many questions about my identity. Why do you need this info?
i need to know if you are a bot
roll dice
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
Olly, please make me a coffee using the coffe machine
what timezone is boston in
speak louder
yes amazing response.
Find me the latest news story on US politics.
what is american airlines carry on policy
my credit card got stolen and i need to know how long it will be before a new on arrives
Rate five!
Olly, today wore me out
If I need more cards, are there any fees?
Can you help me get rid of my account?
no that isn't correct
could you elaborate more on it please.
i need you to call me mary
What is the fee charged for using my card?
i ran out of checks and need more asap
Wemo plug socket off
Schedule brunch at 10 am today and invite Tiffany and Jessica please.
cleaning needs to be on my to do list
Find some smooth Jazz for me.
please can you shut off.
What should I do if I think that someone else may be using my card.
can i have an espresso please
i really ska music
please remove the alarm which i set for today morning
why did i get rejected on my card
Please turn off all of the lights in the house.
Any news updates from BBC?
My card is about to expire and I need to know how much it costs and how long it takes to get a new one.
I'm in Austria right now, but I really need to change my PIN right now. Can I do this even though I'm in another country?
What did Apple stock close at yesterday?
olly's command is not correct.
bring me ticket of train to city leeds
when can i expect to be paid
I'd prefer to use my American Express when putting funds into my account.
How do I cancel my card? There are charges on my account that I didn't make.
How will be the weather today at night
How long will it take for my ID to verify?
what is the time difference between california and new york
how long does it take to get a replacement credit card when your last one was stolen
I tried to do a transfer and it hasn't worked!
What should I do if the passcode doesn't work for me?
I am chatting about an order from a long while back.  I never got it to this day and am deeply upset by this!  I want all of my money back!  I just can not accept paying for something I never got.
The exchange rate seems off on this transaction
show todays reminders
play nexy availabel podcast
play the billboard top ten
How do I edit my details?
play my favorite station
do you have a meeting room open from noon until 2:00 pm
start sending my location to alex
i have to roll over my 401k to a new account and i don't know how
Why do you have the identity check
please add milk on my shopping list, if it is not already on it
you must tell me your name
how is the weather likely to be this week
what are my reminders for this week
How long should I have to wait before I see the transfer in my account?
pull up lights control
how far is it from tokyo to dallas
how do i redeem my visa points
does my usaa card have international transaction fees
will only having five late payments really make my credit bad
Hi i received an error message informing me about the transaction failure. I have done the money transfer before and it never failed. Please let me know what is the issue this time.
I want to get few more physical cards
i need some ideas for a mexican meal
Why can't I complete my transfer?
are my doors locked right now
cool song, what is it
the song in background is cool
what's the funniest joke
i need a high volume
how is the weather of this place
i am ready to hear the next episode of podcast
Do I have to pick a creditcard brand?
Tweet complaint at Verizon.
jlo fan updates
increase brightness in the room
book a flight from new york to la for less than 200 dollars
send a remind email
can i use yogurt in place of sour cream
please phone lizzy
your understanding was confirmed.
i need a taxi in thirty minutes
I'm not quite understanding why my cash withdrawal is showing as pending.
What is the minimum age required to open an account with your service?
can you give me the name of this tune
What stipulations do disposable cards entail?
it is cloudy today.
what's the current apr for my mastercard
my card is scuffed up and won't work
write this event to my calender
get me a meeting with bill for 5:30pm tomorrow
Please help.  There is a payment in the app that isn't mine.
you have what kind of pets
tell me lexmark's current stock price
please make sure your command was correct because it doesn't sound right.
i'd like a new alarm set for 6am
Play some country music
thank you for answers, olly.
What is the latest news from BBC?
I need some sushi, what's closest?
i am out of ice cream so will you order me some more
I need an accurate exchange rate, when I make my withdrawals.
I lost my phone!
how long do i put sugar cookies in for
let me know what the point of life is
can you confirm my reservation for dave at outback steakhouse
open irctc application and go to book ticket
what's the credit limit on my account
I bought something while traveling, and the exchange rate was wrong.
can you please download my podcast file available in internet and play it once
Why hasn't a transaction I did to my friend arrived yet?
Why does my identity need verification?
Do you have EUR currency available for me?
i want to pay my car bill
how high in calories is pork
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiary
show me my lists
I didn't mean to do the transfer, is there any way to cancel it?
call the bank and tell them i will be in france on the 16th until the 26th
use google to show me how to cook
how much did i earn in income only last year
i want to roll some dice
My card is stuck inside the ATM, what am I supposed to do?
find me a mechanic
how often should my tires be changed
can you turn off my desk lamp
Make the lights in my home yellow.
why can't i access my chase account
olly would you please shut off.
i think that's not the correct answer.
i would like a reservation for 6:30 pm at pietro's under the name david jones
can i expect chili's to be busy at 4:30
Delete all recurring staff meetings
please turn off the lights in patio
what you said now was not clear.
yeap fantastic response.
Resume The Two Towers audiobook.
You operate in which countries?
Who is president of Poland?
The money disappeared after I topped up my account.
Please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
Please pull up the wikipedia article on glass blowing
did you get it correctly?
tune into the joe rogan show in ten minutes
did i go out to eat more than usual
I need another card for a member of my family. Is this possible? How soon can I get one?
turn up the lights in here please
when are my tires due for changing
My top up was rejected. Why?
What currencies can I use to top up my account?
tweet british airways that my last flight from chicago to london was delayed
Why did the app deny my top up?
Lower the lights in the living room.
how was the weather this week
Why do I see an extra fee on my statement?
i would like to hear the last thing spoken again.
Where is the money that I asked for? I asked for more than I got!
what type of gas does this car need
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
How much is 500 pesos worth?
put the playlist on shuffle
what is the date and time
who do i contact for lost luggage
whats my schedule today
Add eggs to the list
start house cleanup
yeah right response to the command.
what time is bina going live with her sale on facebook
tell a joke
are you a computer generated voice
make me laugh with a funny joke
I deposited a check but my balance is still the same.
I attempted to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared?
There is a missing transfer on my account
do homework for me please!
what's my limit on my amex card
Message my mother-in-law to book the reservations before friday or they will expire
Make a new list for me, please.
please tell me how to spell the word coup
What are the benefits of a disposable card?
Is there a fee for sending additional cards?
could you please state the apr for the credit card
heads or tails i choose tails
I want to change my address.
does delta have any restrictions for what i can carry on
how much is the us dollar versus the pound
what is the weather like in new york
Remove what I have to do on the 23 of march.
make the smart socket turn off
Can I use it outside of Europe?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get anything out. Is there a problem with my card? It's the first time I tried using it.
I transferred some money but it hasn't arrived yet
My card has an issue, the payment has been deferred.
what alarms do i have set for today
Does it cost extra to send out more than one card?
how long do noodles need to cook
do you have a boyfriend?
would you play my maroon 5 playlist
search the item
reply wishes to john by email
Do you allow exchanges of EUR?
what is hurricane
Who build the Paris tower?
what is....?
what is the meaning of the word sanctimonious
when does the train from kansas city to iowa leave
When I exchanged currencies the value of my money changed.
how busy is imanas tei at 7 dinner
Play Rush Limbaugh
should i wear raincoat before getting out.
do you know when i can expect my next paycheck
remove any kind of list
play rohan sharma podcast for me.
I am unable to access my app due to forgetting my passcode.
what do i do to report a lost card
Why would a transfer fail?
Why isn't my card working? I was pumped to use my new card but it keeps getting declined. Help please.
Someone has taken my money and I don't know who
s2, i did not quite catch that.
what is that song called
no please search some more.
can you add passionfruit by yaeji to my playlist
tell me why my card was declined at auto zone, why
explain how do i get new insurance
where can user find pin?
Do you charge for physical cards
I need to find out why my transfer didn't get there.
could you retry please.
What currencies do you do exchanges for?
how long will it take to walk to the safeway in the strip mall
what is the time at singapore when our time is five pm
what song is playing now
I was told that withdrawing cash from the ATM is free, but I'm charged a fee. Why is this?
It's been a couple days how much longer do I have to wait for my transfer?
Cheapest flights to Kansas City from Dallas
Get me directions to Meijer
can you tell me when my tires should get changed
I'm still waiting for the top-up!
how is friend spelled
Would like to use my card and need to activate it first.  Can you help me do this?
i think you did task all wrongly.
Can I order extra cards?
does my shopping list have pop tarts
My PIN has been blocked.
Could you play this song XXX for me please?
do you know what this car's mpg is
what have i spent lately in child care
what is 2 + 2
i can't use my card because it’s broken
please can you shut down.
Am I permitted to have a spare card?
I have the cash already, my account still shows up as pending.  How can my account be still pending?
Olly play Sigur Ros
start brewing please
what do you know about the statue of liberty
If you had to kill someone to save 3 people would you do it and if so why?
what is the definition of god
i need to delete the alarm for church on sundays at eleven am
read the headlines from New york times
Does Kim Kardashian wear Converse?
Hello I have a UK account.  Can you please check if everything is alright with it?  I made a transfer a couple hours ago but it doesn't show up yet.
I would like to hear Rush Limbaugh on I heart Radio
I cant transfer money into my account
can you find me an uber and have it here at 7pm
repeat music
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
what's my current credit rating
find a joke in your vault and tell me
Remember to fix a meeting between me and the players tomorrow evening by 7.
s1, please can you elaborate me further on this.
book me a ride
at what time will my flight begin boarding
can you give me local news on wayne county sheriffs?
tell me what's going on with facebook
play me a radio channel for trance music
show unread new emails
Where is my new card? I have been waiting a week!
Will I get charged for sending out more cards?
Replay the song
send a reply to mike with the answer four hundred and thirty from his email he sent this morning
Somebody has stolen my card, I need help please.
tell me whats on the web
go through all the reminders on my list and state what they are
my credit limit needs to me changed
tell me what types of questions i can ask you
i want to finish listening to the book one thousand nine hundred and eighty four from where i left off
What are the steps of verifying an identity?
have i made loss in which stocks
Can you check the time?
what new movies available today
Why has my payment not gone through?
please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie
Why can't I transfer to an account?
My card payment has had the status of pending forever. What is the issue? It should have gone through at some point.
what is the event agenda
play episode two of the intern
how do i go about setting up direct deposit
10.02.17
open a new list for me
The exchange rate is incorrect for my cash withdrawal transaction.
Transfer has failed.
i am exhausted from work
How long will it take to get to me?
Can I use app to freeze my card and dispute fraud?
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer immediately. I cannot do anything from the app.
i need a ride in an hour
turn off the six am alarm for Wednesday
Are visa and mastercard accepted
My account says a withdrawal is pending - why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
dollar rate of philippiness peso
let's hear some indie rock okay
Current news CNN
go to the next tune
Can you look up Chinese takeout near here?
Olly, erase all.
who is your designer
hi google pls remove the birthday event on coming sunday
PDA, what are the latest updates with regard to Trump's ties to Russia
remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
how much do i have in savings
Do I need my scarf and mittens?
How can I check to see where my funds come from?
Remind Upcoming event's
What is going on? My top-up is still pending. I use your system all the time but now it is just showing as pending.
read my shopping list
is it going to rain in seattle today
What do i need to do today
i'm inquiring about the availability of a room that fits 10 people from monday to tuesday in manhattan
I want to order a card. Where do you deliver to?
what's the date on my last pay stub
elaborate further on this please.
I would like to reactivate a card and wondered if that could be done?
I've made a bank transfer but the money doesn't seem to be in my account.
Find me a joke related to baseball.
Has John sent me an email?
what are some interesting things i can do while in raleigh
that is all, stop it.
can you tell me which movie is going on in the nearby multiplex
What is going on today from 2-4pm?
How do I unblock my PIN?
i really need you to find me a hotel with good reviews in phoenix
PDA, put Poker Face by Lady Gaga next in the play queue.
i lost my amex and need to report it
Include this event in my calendar.
i need to know the status of my day off request
i want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
what's the due date for the renting bill
I have a cash withdrawal on my statement that I am unsure of.
Can I have it delivered on the date I need it delivered?
My card is broken
Can my account have different types of currency in it.
what can i do in charlotte
what do you think i am called
how is the approval of my day off progressing
does the restaurant have delivery
Will you tell me how I am supposed to use the disposable cards?
what's the minimum payment on my bill
dim the lights in the hall
Have I received emails from Sarah?
contact pizza hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms
Ok Google, raise your volume
can you tell me about any local events coming up
what have i played the most?
my phone was taken! can you place cancel my account so no one uses it
Can I find a shop that sells Italian Suits?
What do I have going on next week?
I have made a recent check and cash deposit that isn't reflected in my balance.
will you cancel it.
please put in an order from red thai fpr this evening
i want to know how much vacation time i can use
send a text message to alice
Set my alarm for 8 AM.
hello how is your day
Change the lights to green.
Please pause the song
Will you accept my other card?
can this room have green light
Please tweet the following to Radisson Hotels Customer Service...
Play 'What I Am' by Edie Brickel
what's the date is currently
any travel alerts for canada
Can my 8 year old grandson open an account at the bank?
check mail with <unk>
I don't know how to verify my identity.
Please delete list titled KICKBALL.
play my book
my account has a hold on it and i can't access my funds, why
I have my residency in the US, but I would love to get a card.
i want to hear from you in german
Are there any recent e-mails in my inbox from my boss?
Will it be nice outside this week?
i like r n b
not correct command.
can i change what you call me
i don't need my reservation for 5 at the loft please cancel it
create an event gym day on monday and set it to repeat
My wallet was taken and I see that someone is using my card!   Please help me!
After taking over my card transactions I noticed that was charged twice for a restaurant purchased from earlier this week. Can you please remove one of these transactions from my account since it is not accurate?
find the beginning of the podcast
what do you go by
Olly i got promoted today, it feels so good
do i have enough money in my chime bank account to take ashley to the movies tuesday
is there a travel alert for scotland
delete all events
Send an email to guy selling the boat telling him that I have the money
I want to hear pop
i got my new tires a month ago, when should i replace them
please can you confirm last thing said.
I'd like to make some changes to my personal information.
play next reason podcast
what is the traffic like
add mail id subject content
your speech slower it
remove grocery list please
exchange rates between dollar and euro
any one is okay.
play the seventh episode of the morning after
how do i get to new york by bus
is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
Change the volume level to 19 please
olly play some rap music
with what can I verify my identity?
is the mexican place crowded at night
what are today's headlines
what's the nutritional value for a pizza lunchable
Please clear my calendar for tomorrow.
When will money be available in my account?
will the temperature be higher than forty tomorrow
can you make sure the kitchen light is off
yeap you have done answer exactly.
i love this song
can you change to the male voice
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that I did not do
How can I fix my contactless?
I need more physical cards.
speak one more time please.
what were my purchases on visa card last month
How do I fix my card if it is broken?
remove my wake up alarm
how bad is the traffic near the airport?
what do my federal taxes amount to
command is confirmed.
what day of the week is the first of march
PDA can you please change the mood of the light.
i want a table at texas roadhouse; how long will it be
how is gramercy tavern rated
what going on, PDA?
How do I complete the ID check?
How much will I be charged for a cross-currency exchange?
what do my bills look like for amazon and netflix
how many points do i have on my visa
can you tell me what kind of gas your car uses
olly that is enough, stop.
locate my cellphone in this room
does restaurant royale deliver takeaway
what was the date when i last had my car inspected
I can't figure out how to change GBP to AUD, what do I do?
need help with frozen bank account
can you give me the time
Clear all events for this month.
I want to open an account for my children
How can I see my source of funds?
remind me to do this in awhile
i need a reminder to remind me to do something
Do you give out Visa or Mastercards?
My card is about to expire. How do I get a new one?
remind me to take out the trash
Can you delete my account please?
How is the traffic situation in Houston street?
how much pto have i used so far
what band is this
Show me the list of pending meetings.
i would like you just cancel.
What is the traffic this morning?
i need a list of good places to eat near me
do you know when my next day off is coming
how much do you make an hour
What will the weather be like in Oklahoma City on Monday
on the speaker what song is playing
make the light in here redder
add date and time in calender with these people
What should I do?  My card has been stolen!
What friends were in popular places the last day?
when should another paycheck arrive
search on his informations
save my song preferences on playlist
need help with google pay top up
turn off lighting
My statement has a payment that I do not recall making
how many shares of apple can i get for
i need to know the apr on my credit union visa
Please tell me what time is now in canada
My card isn't working at all. What happened?
My wallet was stolen and all my credit cards were in there.  HELP?!!?
I made a check deposit but the cash hasn't arrived in my account yet.
what does speaker mean
Is my card lost? I am still waiting for it to be delivered.
Definitions
remove pepper from my grocery list
can you tell me what happened to my social media
calculate two multiplied by two
is my order here
add wine to list
what's today's date
send my current location to steve, please
yeah wonderful.
that was incorrect let's try again.
In which countries does your app work
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
Why am I charged a fee when using my debit or credit card?
Tell me how to replace my expired card.
I have made a card payment but it did not completed still showing as pending. Please tell me when it will be completed.
When I got cash, my exchange rate was wrong.
Why does Sofia Vergara look so young?
What if I don't want to disclose all of my identity details?
what day is it on 5th december?
i dont want any alarms
Do you accept checks?
How is pork tenderloin cooked
erase my appointment with ted
Post picture to facebook.
i need to change your voice settings
what are today's sports news.
delete item from list
What is accepted in regards to cards and currencies?
what is the calorie content in spaghetti
Please post so bored to facebook
please repeat my shopping list
Can I transfer using SWIFT?
switch from the male to the female voice
please change my account to another one
My card is about to expire.  How do I get a new card?
no!
Where do I verify my identity?
uber
please put all the lights
What do I have going on today?
can you check that please.
What shops are around here?
check for new emails
Why did my payment get declined?
house change all lights to blue
diverge
delete all recurring staff meetings
would you please check what i last said.
please tell me about the historic facts about india
repeat the last song
tell me why was my card declined at the zoo
will you check my last instruction please.
I want to know why my top-up was reverted
no, i think that's not the right response.
unsync my phone
Tell me why my card payment was declined.
train to athens how to
What is the process to change my PIN?
Increase the light in the room
what is the answer to this math question
What is the weather for today?
Can I have a second card issued to another family member?
how bad is the traffic
My latest transfer seems to be missing.
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
order me a cheese burger from tommy's burgers
hey olly, I missed you
Between 10pm and 7am everyday all emails received has to be replied to
Olly, I would like a cup of coffee with 1 cream and 3 sugars.
can you speak it again please.
can you tell me what 30% off 235 is
look up information on mount rushmore
If my card was lost or stolen can I re-link it?
i want to set direct deposit
what's the meaning of rumplestiltskin
How old do you need to be to use the banks services?
ai, what is my chase checking routing number
what am i called by you
hey play me a popular country song
what are my newest emails
i need a reminder for my pin number
book a reservation for 3 at red lobster under the name steve
can you tell me the calorie count in a glazed donut
how many days till i get a new card to replace the stolen one
play one more time
call mom
what are the vietnamese restaurants in the area
do you know my name
place family phone on instagram
play fault in our stars on audible
what's traffic likexchange on four hundred and forty one
tell me why my card didn't work yesterday
I believe a wrong exchange rate was applied towards a cash transaction I made abroad.
compose this email to this new email address
find new email
pull up the shopping list
Cash deposit to my account but it has not appeared.
PDA can you create a sugar free diet for me and create a shopping list for the ingredients.
minimize the light power
What do I need for the identity verification?
Does Pings do takeaway?
Turn on vacuum
The exchange rate was different when I got cash
please reserve the next taxi a nine am
set an alarm for 9 tomorrow
will ecuador require proof of any shots for me to go there
what is your mood today
what is the weather near me this week
Dismiss my next event
put on lights
please will you confirm details.
when will my credit card application be reviewed
put the song sung by shreya at the top
show time in china
either i am not sure
sorry but you have messed up the command.
i want assistance with my utility bill
tell me the exact arrival time of train from__ to ____.
What is the daily limit on my card?
email james about the softball game james we need to get some refreshments before heading over
It's dark in the living room.
can i get the interest rate for my checking account
can you suggest a thai restaurant
How do you exchange currencies
on my list of things to do, add cleaning
what time am i meeting with john
what day of the week is the twenty second march
where is yellowstone park
you are smart.
Please don't tell me it's going to rain on Sunday!
What should I do if the passcode doesn't work for me?
add appointment to list
could you get me some coffee
Since my card is about to expire, what do I do to get a new one?
remove corn from my shopping list
please explain the rice recipe
Change up the light colors at home.
add dishes to my list
do i have any new emails from my dad
what's my bill for water and electricity
after another eight days, what day will it be
tell me where to a w2 form
May I order another card?
What are the steps of verifying an identity?
would you set my alarm for 10:00 and another for 3:00
i want to hear what said again.
the meeting with justin and katrina has been changed put it on thursday
will you tell me again.
remove meeting with carla from the calendar
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon
will you tell me what i've said one more time please.
where can i find my credit score
Please tell DSW I'm returning defective shoes
give me the headline news
Can I get a Visa from you?
Why do you need so much information about my identity?
What is the foreign exchange rate you will apply?
My card don't work.
I need my card frozen cause it was used without my consent to take money out. It was in an odd place.
when will my order be here
Forward a complaint to Simran Aapa kadai about the food quality
did i email tom on the subject of gun control
Did Paul email me recently?
give adam my gps coordinates
please play podcasts on science
What is the capital of Denmark?
can you direct me where to find where i am
Play that podcast I was listening to yesterday.
can you tell me how to jump my car
is there something blocking me from making transfers
hi what is happening in twitter today
show me some food court nearest to my location
i'd like to pay my bill
show stock of goog
What movies has Casey Affleck starred in?
could you check and see if my credit card application has been processed and approved or not
Tweet for me the complaint about drainage choke up
i want my reservation for march 1 at 8 pm confirmed
where do i see what interest my mortgage has
s2, i am not so clear about what you have just said.
play the health show on the television in the living room
thanks but i think that was not the correct command.
Can I use your app if I am from the EU?
When I received my money, it was not in the correct amount. The exchange rate was not what it should have been.
from april to may i will be in america so i need to notify my bank
What is the traffic like this morning
i'd like to hear that again.
what is the number of pto days i have left
Are there any fees if I want to add money using an international card?
assistant please turn the lights off
What's new in news express
Olly, compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better.
5:00
let me know what the point of life is
what if any meetings do i have today
There is a withdrawal on my account that I don't remember initiating.
is michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant
how much am i getting back from work
Will I be charged for transfers?
how low should the tread be on my tires to replace them i bought new tires four years ago
delete list
show what i have spent things on
I am inquiring about your auto top up feature.
get me the latest news of world
i need to know my routing number
how much does the fb stock cost
actually, cancel that
olly could you shut up.
reply to john's email today saying i will be late
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for march twenty five
remind me again please
How do you determine your exchange rates?
maybe we can put blank cds on my list for shopping
what are common vaccinations for someone travelling internationally
today i had a record breaking sale
Switch on smart plug.
What is the foreign exchange rate you will apply?
will you be able to activate my card
set meeting with joanna on Saturday four pm
do you know any good jokes you would like to share
set a notification on 3rd march about company meeting
Help me cancel a transaction.
can i take a bus to the grand canyon
delete the item(computer) from the list
can you get uber for two people going to 27 moss lane
turn off kettle socket
schedule a rental car starting monday the 5th thru friday the 9th at rent a car in town
what is the latest news about obamacare
perfectly.
Please delete the duplicate payment that was made to my account. One payment is still pending and I do not want to pay twice.
cancel my last request, i know the answer
disable shuffle
Why do I need to verify my account?
Do I have any calendar events today?
I'm trying to activate the auto-top up function. Where is it?
Can I exchange and hold all fiat currencies?
decrease speaker volume
turn off lights in my room
cancel tonight's dinner reservation
i want a train ticket from los angeles to phoenix
I am missing a refund amount on my account.
i have had farm fresh eggs in the fridge for a few months, are they still okay to ingest
fraud in weighing products
Remind me what I am doing on Sunday afternoon
right now, i need to know the meaning of life
when is the next train leaving for austin
you've done that right i appreciate it, olly.
i have no idea
Why did the person I transferred money to not receive the correct amount? What should I do to get them the right amount, do I have to transfer more money to them?
tell me my routing number
PDA: Any e-mail in the last hour?
When will my cheque be processed?
how can we start communicating in french rather than english
Olly, read me the weather forcast for this week.
How do I unblock my PIN?
that is unimportant.
i'd like to hear a joke about donkeys
Set an alarm for tomorrow morning at 8
Ok Google, where is antartica?
please would you shut down.
please turn off the wemo plug
brighten the lights
Help! In the app there is a payment that I don't remember.
Please tell me what lists I have made.
will traffic be good when i leave in five minutes
switch lights to red tone
I want to see the news.
whats on my shopping list
i need a pancake recipe
Why would my payment for my card show as pending?
yeap right response to the command.
can you change your name to fred
where do you hale from
stop powering the wemo socket
which alarms are set in the phone
What is the current exchange rate with the GBP
What can I do with a disposable virtual card?
what is the routing number on my first merit account
tell me when i got my car checked last
the answer was good.
please decrease the volume of music player
where is my w-2
i would like to know the latest from nbc news
What is the breaking news for the day
edit list
make an alarm for three pm
would you say one more time again please.
I would like it to help analyze ideas
what is a peso worth in dollars
I'm trying to use my Apple Watch to top up my google pay. Do I need a special app?
where i can use word "rescind
now reset your factory settings
Where do I go to change my account details?
Olly, find me the perfect girlfriend.
how can i rent a ride in alaska from march 5th to march 18th
please change your language setting to spanish
My card was declined
How can many disposable cards can I have per day?
do you know whether you are a human or whether you're a computer
ten percentages of hundred
when's the next time i should change my oil
how much fuel do i have left
list all of my upcoming alarms
I can't withdraw any money from my account. Ive tried a couple different ATM machines and both of them wouldn't give me my money. What's going on? Is my account frozen or something?
How many cards am I allowed?
where Ashwin hasted?
again rephrase to me please.
Call vikki
please check this companies stock
retry what said please.
reasons that us bank would place a hold on my account
Is there a specific date i can have it delivered?
My top up hasn't worked, it's been stuck in pending for the last couple hours
Turn off the bass from the audio
hi i want to order fried chick with white sauce
tell me what my tire pressure is
I was wondering if there were any discounts offered for frequent currency exchanges?
lower the lights in the bedroom
search for the correct game
I need a refund?
The app reversed a top off I had.  What should I do?
yes you have done it exactly.
how do i increse my credit limit
I still don't have my pin.
Please alert me.
how do you say please in french
what's my reward balance on my amex card
joke of the day
What type of card can I get?
which pets do you own now
Why is the transaction not posting?
help me transfer $x from credit to debit
what's the nutritional info for french fries
please see if the restaurant chili's has delivery as an option
PDA do i have any appointments set for tomorrow?
provide me assistance on where to go to get my w2 for tax reasons
How long does it take for a transfer to post
u. s. d. to g. b. p.
Reverted top up
text matt and tell him i will be late tonight
how many legs does a dog have
Do I need to set a limit on auto top-up?
Can I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
check the start time of the meeting scheduled for today
what's the description for the alarm at eleven am
how busy is jiro at 12 lunch time
send email to mom and tell her see her at disney world
you have done that perfectly.
is bills cell phone number in my contacts
set a notification for june 5th every year
what is the current state of brexit negotiations
play a jazz.
I was made to pay a fee for making a transaction with card.
tell me what my credit score is
s2, i was unclear about your response.
tell me how to redeem my credit card points
Do cash machines let me change my pin?
Hi there! I need to cancel an order I recently made and start processing a refund. Can you please help me with this and set up the refund as soon as possible? It's very urgent.
you've done it right.
Top news
play music radio for me
Can you cook something special for me and my wife?
will I need a raincoat when I go to glasgow on sunday
i'd like an italian meal suggestion
siri find train tickets to nc
what are my new contact emails
i need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown
please play my cricket game
My new card hasn't came in.
how long will it take to fix shepherd's pie
I attempted to withdraw some money from an ATM this morning and received the wrong amount. Your app says I have enough money available in the account. Can someone tell me what's wrong?
give me tomorrow's date please
Olly, I'm really enjoying this song
book uber taxi for my travel
I need to cancel a purchase?
Remove Ashley from the wedding invite list.
s2, i could not get that.
add this email to my contacts
Tell me how to setup a new PIN.
Someone else made a Direct Debit transaction on my account
Is there a reason why my account isn't updating because I used a check to  balance my account?
I'm looking for reasonably priced tapas in Miami Beach.
what is the highest mountain in the world
when was the last alarm set
Do you have info about the card on delivery?
sorry but i think it is incorrect.
my phone is currently lost
how is the steamed fish at harbor village
continue with my audiobook please
tell me the exchange rate between rubles and dollars
what is the minimum i can pay on my electric bill
start the timer now and stop at thirty minutes
send email to rohan to meet me today at evening.
yes right.
I will need my filter coffee in 10 mins. Please ask the coffee maker accordingly.
text steve and tell him i am running late
Play todaysong from radio07
I HAVE REPORT ANY OF THE PDA'S
tell me everything on my calendar for may 1
i think incorrect.
compare prices for flights from recife to miami leaving may 20 returning june 5
please could you try what you've said once more.
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
i am happy you did that for me
add rebecca green to my list of favorite contacts
Where do you get your exchange rates from?
While abroad, I got cash, and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
inform my bank that i'll be going to europe
what's the status for my delta flight this afternoon
I don't think I made this transaction on my statement
please turn down the lights in the house
change the lights in the kitchen to blue
Make a tweet complaint to
what type of fuel does my car need
Good morning. I tried to make a purchase with my credit card last night and again this morning. Both times it was declined. Can you investigate?
what is the name you associate with me
How much can I withdrawal in one month without incurring fees?
What is the capital of Vietnam
Why has my new card still not come?
why are you talking so slowly
what events are this week
remind me about calendar
PDA please adjust the colors in my lights.
find me train tickets
x will be your name
i would like you to check that please.
Can I use visa or mastercard with your service
speak more quickly, please
what is the weather update for tuesday
I need you to convert 9 AM CST to EST time
tell me how many days off i have taken so far
maximum how many days get the courier?
Bring up my latest emails.
What about tonight dinner with me
Why was I charged for card payment?
Teach me about exposure settings that would be best for a cloudy day in Alaska.
i want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list
Thirteen minutes from now, remind me to drive to the park
who would you say you work for
What fee is included if I top up by card?
remove number three alarm of list
Why is my cash withdrawal from the ATM still not yet showing as confirmed in my account?
tell me how to get my points from credit card use cashed in
turn off one light in my bedroom
Do you know where my card will be accepted?
Alarm 10 AM
What about an auto top-up, is that a option?
Olly, Cancel my plans to pick up my parents from the airport.
Set my alarm for 6:30 in the morning tomorrow
I need more than one disposable card
PDA please define this
help, my account is blocked
Can i have a card to my daughter?
show me the information of friend
call mom
what awards did erica grebe win last night
alert me in 20 minutes
delete the old playlist and create new
how long does it take to make shrimp scampi
what are my top played podcasts
I need a new card, my old card is expiring.
How do I locate my PIN now that I have my card?
olly what fun stuff can i do around here
what music is currently playing
Am I going to be able to mow the grass this evening?
I thought cash withdrawals didn't have a fee
I think I want AUD and not GBP, can you help?
I am seeing in the app, some cash witdhrawals that I did not authorize.
when will by order from taco bell be delivered
turn off this light
get the next episode
let me listen to the latest lovett or leave it podcast
wake me at daybreak
Set reminder for meeting Tuesday with Bill
find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
you have done command exactly.
Play me the top 100 radio channel.
I'd like to delete the middle list.
what is 3+4?
ocean eleven
What are my remedies if I think I was charged twice for the same expense?
please check exchange rates
My card shows a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
will you once again rephrase me about what you just said now.
date
can you repeat my list back to me
i do not really care.
I wish to close my account. I do not like the service you provide.
How recent do my documents need to be for verification?
punjabi
Have I received any emails about Jared's birthday?
what times do the trains run between here and the met
yeah exact response.
Why do i have an extra fee on my statement?
do i incur extra fees if i use my card in london
any new email
How long does my top up pending last?
Hi, I have withdrawn cash from the ATM on holiday and i guess withdrawal amount has been overcharged. I did it as i was not aware of these charges.
could you check it please.
is there a substantial credit limit on my visa
how can i thank somebody in italian
What kind of music am i into?
I want to top up from my Apple Watch, can I?
take it in hand
tell me what my shopping list consists of
find local deals who schedule maintenance on cars
show me all the events happening in milan
tell me how to cook meatballs
Can I schedule future top ups?
Turn bedroom lights off
I received duplicate charges.
Why is a transfer I did recently still processing?
Why was a transaction on my card declined?
how do I top up my money automatically
what do i need to make a cajun chili
how long do i roast chicken breasts
What time is it in Chicago right now?
There is an urgent thing that I need to transfer from China. Approximately how long will it take?
give me the details on elton john
How can I train my dog to do his business in the bathroom?
Why is it taking so long for my pending transaction to post as cleared?
locate local pizza shops
Please scan the AM dial on the radio right now.
why did bob dylan earn a nobel peace prize
hmm, you gave me not correct information.
Hi, I had an issue with my card payment and It shows on my account that my payment went through. Then I got contacted from the seller saying "they did not receive my payment" then the payment was returned to my account. so I would like to see why it did that please.
I want to exchange USD and GBP with the app
i need to make a reservation for 8 pm at red robin for 3
exchange USD/EUR
I attempted to get cash but was declined.
what alarms do i all have set
stop, i think you have messed up with my command.
can you add carrots to my shopping list and delete potatoes
i want you to check what i just said please.
countdown for time
What's the foreign exchange rate I will receive?
What is the name of Britain's prime minister?
what are listed
how is the weather in seattle
Do I need a disposable card?
yeah it's confirmed.
what is the meaning of the word slander
hey, what does incite mean?
what bands are playing close by
any ideas on a good place to eat out
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
change alarm to start at midnight
What day of the week does Christmas fall on this year?
you got that perfectly.
exchange rate from cad to u. s. d.
what time is the train to san francisco due
in which area were you made
Turn off the tv in room3
can you look up the carry-on restrictions for delta
How heavy is the traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas this hour?
I have heard about these disposable virtual cards but don't understand how they work.
do i have alarms set before six in the morning
Put working out on my calendar for 8 a.m. every day this week.
write complaint to wallmart
REPORT ANY NEW EMAILS
Talk to me, PDA.
have John join me on the 10th at the 5th floor meeting
turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
give me international news
Daily, Monthly, or Yearly event if necessary.Choose the interval between events.
my chase card expires on what date
i want to listen daily to this song
please remind me of something
what should i do if my car battery is dead
i would like everything on my shopping list ordered
I know there's an auto-top option but I can not locate it when I look?
Why has my transfer failed?
open the radio app
power off the current
send mail to mom i am planning vacations with her next week
An overseas cash transfer did not work correctly
yes good response to command.
Hello. My credit keeps being declined, last night and again today, as I try to buy something. What is the status of my card?
how much money have i dropped recently
what type of gas does this car take
Can I dispute a debit payment that I am seeing that I didn't make from a couple of months ago?
please make the smart socket turn off
show me all new transactions
Give me a list of all my reminders.
this song was very good
when's the next time i get paid
Today is which date
olly would you shut up.
let's play fifa2016, you'll be the keeper and never change position.
I cannot use my disposable virtual card.
let's play a game of chess
Is it really necessary to verify my Identity?
please bring up my itunes
I deposited cash into my account, why do I not see it?
hips dont lie thats the song i would like you to play for me
Is there an age limit to when my child can use these services?
delete item four
Will you accept my credit card?
Why was I charged an extra fee from the ATM?
Please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for February 12th at 9am.
reason i need to verify top up
could you further clarify me about it please.
how's the traffic
do i have anything scheduled in my events
When is the last train today?
what is the current time in New York
to do list for today please
would you confirm the question.
I would like to return my purchases
show me share price of amazon
Can you look into my top up please.  I made it over three hours ago and yet it's still pending.
you did perfect work,.
Start a casual conversation
why wouldnt the atm give me money
what are the ingredients necessary
How do I verify my new card?
turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee
please tell me what a crankshaft is
What is the identity check for?
dammit, not correct answer.
what are my mastercard points good for
play the breakfast club
what's the best way to make a broccoli salad
can you please remove the alarm
do i have to talk to someone to close an account or can i in the app
how are the donuts reviews at tgi
Tell Sean I appreciate him reaching out to me.
i need a pasta recipe
what would you recommend for me to read
Does delivery to the US take long?
How can I configure what currency my salary is in if it's in GBP?
Would you be able to offer me a discount, since I need to exchange currencies frequently?
i need help paying my cable bill
reservations for two need to be made using michael's name for 7:00pm at olive garden
What are disposable virtual cards?
how many vacation days do i have left
could you schedule a meeting with john smith at 1 pm tomorrow
anything interesting happening next friday
please elaborate me on your answer further.
Please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
i can't find my cell and need help locating it
I'm pretty sure my top up failed. How do I fix this?
When I tried to transfer funds to my friend today I was unable to do so, why?
how is traffic on the highway
can you find me a train ticket to montauk
what is my current gas level at
what time is it in des moines?
turn the lights brighter
what is going on in Milwaukee
My latest payment was declined, I was told everything was back to working order. What happened?
How long does it take for a top up to be approved?
Tell me person A message.
hey do you know any jokes
did discover get my card application yet
show me how to schedule a meeting
you can remove the brithday party from my calendar fpr january 15, 2019
My child needs a card, how can I add them to the account I currently have?
add this song to favorites playlist
i would like to jump start my car
add appointment to list
Is it possible to reactivate the card I thought I lost but found this morning in my jacket?
make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color please
What currencies does google pay top up accept?
thirteenth june is a day of election result please set it
you did all wrongly.
should i take a coat to birmingham this evening
Play a rap song
Keanu Reeves, date of birth?
When can I expect money to be transferred to my account?
brew me some coffee
How would I be able to make changes to my personal details?
i want you to immediatly block any further activity on my bb&t bank account
does the country have a travel alert
How cold is it?
please place a pto request for february 18th to the february 25th
Whats the process of tranfering money into an account?
My money has gone missing. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's missing. What is happening?
I want to cancel the transaction I made earlier
where is the nearest atm machine
what do i have to do tomorrow, according to my to-do list
I am ready to hear the next episode of Podcast
I've attempted to do a very standard transfer and have tried 5 times at this point. Can you tell me what the issue is? Is the system down?
How much does the average car weigh?
what's the best clothes store here
recommend a movie with justin bieber
this is not the correct answer.
Can I add funds to the card directly from my bank account?
show me train tickets
How do I braise a pork loin?
do they take reservations at mcdonalds
PDA name: how much long until xxxx arives at xxxxx station
order chinese food
Why did I only get $20 now the full amount I wanted?
run the vacuum cleaner
turn off the lamp socket
what is my credit limit looking like
is calendar event true
turn on shuffle
change the time zone from washington to new york
I didn't make a payment that shows in my app.
what do you think about the meaning of life
I was charged multiple times for one purchase
Turn up lights
could you give me the exact rate for dow nifty futures
My card is just not working at this time.
please unmute yourself
can you please update the status of flight dl123
My card was taken by the ATM.
Are you only able to get a card if you're in the UK?
what steps should be taken to jump start a car
change the lights in the kitchen to blue
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts
do not really mind for any one.
stock please
get me to CNN website
I need a fast transfer from China?  How fast will it be?
what's my visa cards balance for rewards
i am going to need you to say that again
Do I get charged if i am getting money?
Which countries do you work with?
Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
turn the lights on brighter
delete from playlist my old english songs list
what is five over three
How old does one need to be?
post on my fb account that i got engaged.
can you turn off the smart socket
Why would you cancel my transfer?
Let's play a game together
please update my grocery list with one gallon of two percent milk
make light color red
set the coffee maker to on
What is the dollar that I have pending on my statement there?
How old was Elvis when he died
Bring up my last playlist from Tidal
two am removed
volume louder please
take out of my checking 400 dollars and put it into my emergency savings account
can you give me a thai dinner suggestion
thanks for helping
the meaning of life
would you rephrase once again to me.
please confirm my reservation for 2/20 at 8 pm
I was declined when I tried to take out cash!
mute enabled until i say so
please tell me the types of pets you have
Please turn on Roomba.
whats the dow jones at today
My transfer isn't in
how do i set up direct deposit for my bank of america account
i need a ticket on the train to new york city tomorrow
tell me why i get an error logging in to my bank account
can i replace a stolen card soon
is it possible to substitute apple cider vinegar for lemons
How can I fix my bank transfer to show up on my bank account?
Who am I meeting at work tomorrow?
My currency rate is inaccurate.
my account appears to be blocked but i have no idea why that could be
i need to know how long can i keep pizza in the freezer for before it goes bad
olly shut down.
time zone in miami is what like
that is useful, appreciated.
play kenny rogers lady
tell me again.
cancel the event valentine's day from the calendar
Should I wear a short sleeve?
Is the Mediterranean Sea near to Spain?
reply to email from name
I couldn't pay with my card
how much vacation time have i earned
I made a purchase this morning, and it is showing as pending.
What is your opinion on the exchange rate?
could you please confirm that.
what is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
What is the definition of Business?
Can you explain why my payment was charged a fee?
Take x of the list
when will i get my new credit card
what were the cities affected by the earthquake
automobiles
Open Bad Religion folder
set my calendar for an alarm at five pm tuesday
my card was not accepted for buying a computer at best buy
I need to cancel a purchase that I made the other day.
Easy home cooking recipes
I moved and need to change my address.
Card payment is still pending, why is that the case?
find a hotel in san francisco for march 8 & 9
I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM in the city center but my card was declined. The transaction is still showing up as pending - please cancel it!
Remove the list
please make a report that my card is split
schedule car repairs
I need another card for a member of my family. Is this possible? How soon can I get one?
what is the time now?
provide me with ideas of things we can do in charlotte
List the celebrities who have been in my country in the last five years
i require a car maintenance
would you provide me with what the point of life is
It's been some time ago that I placed an order and it just isn't coming. At this point just give me back my money because I'm not paying them.
would you confirm the detail.
Set the average of the device
I accidentally blocked my PIN. How do I reset it?
Read what is on my list.
please just cancel.
I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I can't use the app, so I need some help.
Why is my cash still pending that I put in ATM?
i want to hear something funny about politicsi
snooze
can you help me find my lost phone
can you ping priest chris with a text and send the following confession
I checked the app and there is a payment that I don't recognize.
please send ten dollars from bank of america to capital one
What are the additional charges for a SWIFT transfer?
Hi, how is the weather
please delete the last song that played from the playlist
I was overcharged an additional pound.
Are you ripping people off with the exchange rate?  It can't be that atrocious between banks.
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
olly please can you cancel.
how does scheduling a meeting work
let me know about <unk>
did my friend 'rohit' posted something on fb?
turn off my alarm
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
use facebook to post
is the four hundred and thirty pm train running late
i would like to have a cup of coffee
How long will it take for my money to be deposited?
I need to have location services on, can you check?
Do I need to verify my identity to use my account?
i would like to know the traffic in tempe please
its not good
my expenses
hey how's it going
Where is Tuesday's morning meeting?
that was cool, musch appreciated.
Will it be raining on Thursday?
is there a way to alter my insurance policy
What events are going on in NYC?
replay please.
Send a birthday email to my boss
what entity is your boss
what should i call you
Show me the weather forecast for the next 3 three days
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with my request.
Why couldn't I transfer to a beneficiairy?
yes perfect response to the command.
i want you to call me this new name
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at applebee's for kristen
please set the alarm for next morning to 7 am
i'm leaving for montreal tomorrow and need to let my bank know
can you get my car started
Report alarm settings.
i would like an alarm set
Can I request a card?
would you please confirm that.
will you remind me of my next dentist appointment one day before?
Can I change from AUD to GBP?
Play only songs by the Beatles, please.
Let me know any new emails I've received.
please add this song to my alternative playlist
could you confirm what i just said please.
What's the minimum age for opening an account?
i want to hear your last instruction you said again.
alert me at three pm to goto the concert
Do I have coffee on the grocery list?
What time is it now in New York?
Under what condition will my payment revert?
please lights less brighter
let me know about the alarms you set
i need to leave on the five pm train to rockville
I believe my top up is still pending
Is it possible to refund an item?
reserve a table for 6 at morton's under the name jaime at 8:30pm
I was made to pay an additional pound!
Please play me some Madonna from the 80's
s1, would you further elaborate to me please.
My app shows some cash I didn't get.
would you tell me one more again please.
Post the following as a status on Facebook:
Where is India located ?
Repeat previous song.
I really need money from my card today, but my card is getting declined. Please help!!
i want to know if the olive garden provides takeaway
Hello, I am facing the issue with my new card as payments are declining again and again. Please help me in this issue.
I would like to know more about what a disposable virtual card is?
shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please
whatever is okay for me.
olly can you please shut up.
locate my cellphone in this room
Can you tweet for me to Amazon Services for not delivering my product on time.
alexa whats the news today?
Am I allowed to hold money in multiple currencies?
Can you tell me where you get your exchange rates?
see see for me the alarms that you have set tomorrow morning
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
order all items on the list
reserve a table for 4 at red lobster under the name dave at 7:30pm
I tired but an unable to activate my card.
i am stranded and need uber
whats the schedule for today
whats this weeks weather
Play Hot 97.
produce a new register
when and where is june's birthday party
it doesn't matter for me.
define oscillate
Is there a way to order a virtual card on the website?
are there any tornado warnings today
when will my aa flight be landing
tell me my electric bill minimum payment
how much is my groceries and gas bill
give me the headline news
what are you?
what is the traffic like on the way to makaha
when is your birthday
rephrase further on your response please.
when will my car need an oil change
top news
how do i set up direct deposit for my paycheck
please raise the volume of speaker
How much is one dollar US in Canadian?
it's good one, thank you.
Can you recall my pending reminders?
Reply to my last email.
Some idiot stole my card.
what are all your pets
Why does the top-up need verification?
How do I exchange my GBP to AUD?
set colour blue for all lights of my house
i want to learn an interesting fact about cats
please send me more checkbooks
what is glass made of
Can I keep using my card after it expires?
help me please, my account is blocked
order me a bowl from chipotle takeout
did my order get here yet
have i gotten any mail recently
Olly, Where is the best vacation spot in calafornia?
Why is my cash withdrawal still showing as pending?
tell me a good joke
what company created you
I bought something online and it says there was a fee to transfer money. Isn't that free?
I want a nerd joke
At what age can a person open an account?
REMIND THE REQURIED EVENTS TO BE RESET
Someone stole my wallet a couple of hours ago now and they have taken money from my account. Is there any way that you can help so I won't lose any more of my money.
Nightime
I deposited cash this morning, but it is not yet available.
would you replay please.
replace the current light colours in the house with dark ones
about ckicket
what date will it be 7 days from now
how do i contact charles
is it raining in sparks
use my credit card points
play all songs from playlist 'Favorite'
What is this strange payment in my account?
order a meal from a nice restaurant
provide a joke
I got a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
it was amazing, olly.
hey how's it hanging
can you forward my location to tom
My account is devoid of funds. Am I permitted to submit additional money via bank transfer?
will my new credit card be here this week
I have a payment listed in error.
Why was a charged just for transferring?
I was at the ATM trying to made a withdraw and I was declined.
what date do i get my next paycheck
whaich is the richeast country in the worls in terms of income and standard of living.
How much does Jennifer Aniston make?
how much is a dollar worth compared to a yen
tell me spaghetti bolognese's nutrition facts
Please check the exchange rates of the US dollar vs the Euro.
open games
Speak louder please
detail of rajinikanth
do you have any dogs or cats
Can you start the coffee machine for me?
I would like to pay by cheque.
i need know know the reward balance for my visa
Where on earth has the most volcanos
i can't find my credit card and i want to report it as lost
How do I do a successful transfer to an account?
i was at macys trying to buy shoes and my card got declined
say that again.
When will my cash withdrawal show/
Alexa, Why DiCaprio is so handsome?
i need to buy a train ticket
Set reminder for noon to get lunch with boss
how many vacation days do i have for the year
my cash out is still pending
can you search cnn
my name is john
could you speak one more again please.
Am I able to get a second card?
How many days does it take until funds are in my account?
show me recent news on particular subject
unset all alarm which is seted
keep april 2nd wide open on my calendar please
remove milk from my grocery list
My card must have used my card as there are some transactions that I haven't done myself..
are you self employed
set an alarm for five am
give me trivia about bats
Are visa and mastercard accepted
How do I get a disposable virtual card as well?
My card is lost!  Please help me!
start robot cleaner
Why isn't my card working?
define session
Remind me 2 hours before my Wednesday meeting with Linda
what do i have going on between 9 and 10
Should I expect to be charged for topping up by transfer?
temperature in Augusta GA
I was charged $1 in a transaction.
My PIN was blocked.
I'd like some red lighting Olly.
take everything off my todo list
I see a direct debit that I didn't authorize
I couldn't get money from the ATM
please turn off all the lights in the house
hey today i was fired from my job
I'm having a hard time proving my identity.
Please tell me how to edit my personal details.
How do I exchange AUD for GBP?
What was the date two Wednesdays back from today?
play the last radio channel
ATM withdrawal not working.
there are anything in my list
Current traffic conditions.
can you locate me on a map
give the shortest route to the airport
you've gottten that incorrectly.
report the time in miami
what reminders do i have
My daughter need a card from this account. Is that possible?
Balance is not up to date.
can you start the coffee machine for me
Tell me when will indias economy touch that of Americas.
please change the ai name
May I transfer a cheque into my account?
please start the vacuum cleaner
what is the stock information of walmart
please refrain from carrying out the current task
define transcendet
I tried activation my card and it didn't employment
what's in the news
either one might be
just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning
book a ticket for the ethan allen express to vermont
Can I make multiple online transactions with my virtual card?
please define forensic
start and email to john smith
what is my limit on my visa card
Two thumbs down @companyname
that's helpful,.
abolish an item from list
i need to make a reminder
set up a reminder so i don't forget the baby shower this weekend
How do I make sure my transfer isn't goin to an unsupported merchant?
I thought I left my card at a restaurant, but they claim not to have it and now I don't have any idea where it is. I'm so worried that someone might be using it fraudulently. Is there any way to look into this?
do i need umbrella now
i want to hear beatles music
can you check how much pto i have already used
My payment was declined
could you speak that once more.
tell me if 540 is subtracted seven time by 28.
i want to start talking to you in swedish
what should i use when i refer to you
X+Y
what gas does this car take
i need you to track my package
what are the nutritional data for mashed potatoes
gauge the tire pressure
use a new accent
please share the definition of episcopalian
add contacts n mail
how many calories are there in a scoop of chocolate ice cream
Why is my withdrawl to cash still pending?
Help me cancel a transfer.
I tried to buy something online yesterday and was told declined. I got the same error today after trying again. What is the problem?
what are the latest updates on my facebook account
What is the time frame for a transfer from the US?
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
raise the volume of my music player by fifty percent
I need to order a new card, can you please direct me to the virtual cards?
what are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox
How do I revert a transaction?
can i edit my insurance policy
set the oven temperature to 350
Define amphibious for me.
Tweet this complaint to Delta Airlines...
lights out
I just replaced my phone so do I have to make a new account?
can you flip a coin, i will take tails
how many mpg does an equinox get
what is the definition of this
where do i locate the routing number for the credit union
what is the status quo for traffic right now
i'm looking for a good suggestion for norse cuisine
when's the next time i should change my tires
My transfer to my account is missing.
Can you lookup my password?
Remind me to to to the gym every Friday at 8:00am
i need more checkbooks mailed as soon as possible
i'd like to set a new timer
wouldn't mind.
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
There is a strange payment on my card and I don't know what to do.
what's the name of this song
brew a pot of coffee
Train times location
how many miles is five kilometers
turn up the volume of my speakers
tell me how long until the next day off
olly will you just stop it please.
get me to the nearest train station
Can we talk about good whisky?
switch off the smart plug socket now
kenny roger's lady play
what words would i use to tell someone i am lost if i were japanese
what phrase means goodbye in hawaii
Delete my meeting event for March 19 at 1 P.M.
I want to listen to heavy metal please.
does chillis have good reviews
how has your life been changed by me
remind me every year on this date of
i am in need of some pizza what's the closest place that delivers
Select and play only christian rock from 1990 upwards.
what kind of free activities can i do locally this week
Is it going to freeze overnight?
How long will it take me to go to the train station from here?
how do i report that i lost my card
what is price of dollar
tell me something funny about americans
my card details could be stolen, as i didnt make these transactions
book a train ticket for an eight am ride to charleston west virginia
which shots do i need to get before i go to africa next week
what will the apr on my transferred balance be after the first year on my bank of america credit card
Is a physical charge extra
I withdrew some cash, when is it going to show?
what will the date be in 64 days
what kinds of pets do you own
Give me back my money, I'm not paying the sellers. It has been a long time ago that I made an order and it just isn't coming.
change light colour to yellow
I took out a foreign currency and the exchange rate is wrong.
Does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway?
what amount of money is in my bank accounts
on a flight with allegiant to orlando, how many carry ons can i take
How can I receive verification for the source of my funds?
What do I do if I can't access the app?
show me my emails from the past hour
do you have any type of pet
dim my light
Is my credit card supported for top-ups?
give me the nutritional information for mashed potatoes
I just pulled money out of the ATM and was charged a fee, WHy?
you have gotten my instructions correcly.
What year was Chuck Norris born?
start talking in spanish
Remind me to take my medicine at 9am
remind me to brush my teeth at three thirty
engage whisper mode
Play Born to Run from were I stopped
I need my card activated.
tell me how many a's are in magical
Are there any recall news?
light color change
are there are any delays on my commute
please stop doing that
where is a petrol station in five mile radius
Show me the list of alarms
What happened to my Top-Up? It's not reflected.
please check and tell me contact details of mongomery llc company
no, this is not what i am looking for.
how can i apply for a discover card
HOw do I get my card back after the ATM has pulled it in?
turn off the lights
show me the top stories from source
that doesn't really matter.
Visa or Mastercard?
Please call a taxi to arrive at 4:00 and take me to the Manor Theater.
Was I charged extra for using my card?
Why are you asking so many questions about me?
compose a new email but i got a new address this time brandon at example dot com
Hello, is there any way to double check my card? I have never had issues with withdraws in the past, but this morning on the way to work it was unexpectedly declined.
What time will my alarm go off today?
is there a charge to use my card in france
i do not get the last sentence.
I've made a transfer from France two days ago but I was wondering if international transfers take longer to arrive because it hasn't made it yet.
Play for me Michael Jackson song from audiobook
in my tank how much gas is there
Would you please tell me the status of my refund request for a large purchase I made not long ago? I contacted the merchant nearly a week ago, but haven't received it.
i need your language setting to be russian now
turn the left light off
it seems like your response you have gotten was incorrect.
what's my pay for the year
check that.
what defines a triangle
describe rock sand
I am inquiring about why there was an extra fee charged when I used an ATM.
Will it automatically top-up money if there isn't a lot left?
Can i get payed through this system?
What is 23 times 52?
stock market
I hope to get a Visa card
how busy is orchids at 7
what are the amount of vacation days i have
What does my daughter need to open an account?
this is my favorite song
PDA, Which part of the country has tropical forest?
I've made a transfer, how long until the money reaches my account?
how much have i spent lately
go into whisper mode now
If i want to change my pin number can I directly from an ATM?
I need to change my contact information.
who are you known as
olly please can you shut up.
Is USD free to top up with a US card?
If I add money with an international card, are there any fees?
how many contacts are there named john
what is the credit limit for my bank of the west card
give me the spelling of potato
what's happening in world news today
i want you to book a train ticket for me
pls turn on all the outdoor lights
Did i leave the light on in the Garage?
open events this week
Why did I not get the amount of money I requested?
what is the total amount i spent last week
can you set the alarm for one hundred and thirty
when will my visa next expire
do i have alarms set
increase the volume to max please
let's try what you said one more time again please.
Where can i find the virtual card?
I had a dollar charged to my account that's still pending and wanted to know what the charge is for?
turn all lights off during the day
i need to know if my vacation was approved
who is this song that's on the stereo
transfer 100 dollars between checking and savings
My card stopped working after multiple transactions. Why?
is bowling on my calendar
any one would be ok with me, olly.
does not really matter to me.
I was charged extra. Was the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday wrong?
continue pride and prejudice
clear the list
Why has my top-up not worked?
Who is Janet Jackson currently dating or married to?
let me know my tax rate
What time is it in Beijing
you're how old
i would like to continue my audiobook
What's 3 plus 355?
how do i order some checkbooks for my chase account
Do I need to verify my top-up card?
robot do the whole house now
Can I change my details because I moved?
clear list things to do this weekend
i think that's not the right answer.
What is the definition of timeliness?
which book fair events are taking place next week in washington dc
PDA I bought cruiser tickets
change color
buy a train ticket from lakeland florida to new york
What do I have to do to change my pin?
yashas bithday with vinay ,vally
Is it possible for a transaction to be cancelled?
Please tell me how to get to Terre Haute, IN?
will it take more than a month to get a new card
Can I get a Visa or Mastercard?
you have understood my instructions exactly.
shut down SPS (smart plug socket)
Start radio play.
Time, Wellington, NZ
Why am I not seeing the check I deposited this morning in my account?
Since I got married, I need to change my name.
add cereal to my shopping list
new item for list
My money disappeared! Please help??
clear calendar
turn off one light on porch
do you know what a joke is
How will I know when I get my refund?
how can i have my paycheck directly deposited
is there a wait time at bjs right now
i want your name
up the volume the sound is too low
Why do you need so much information about me
The exchange rate for my cash withdrawal was incorrect
pls add list of things to buy for pary
help me book a train ticket
need geographic information about X
activate the vacuum cleaner
how many bots are in a dollar
turn on new smart socket
could you say what you said one more time again.
i need to know what is the date today
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
what day does my birthday fall on next year
figure out my reward points for discovery card
i don't know how to spell circumference
i know that the statement is true
i need my luggage that your airline lost it was flight abc123 and now it’s suddenly missing
I moved to a new city and need to change my address
What major card payments are accepted?
remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at nine am
How do I link the new card that I just got from you guys?
please activate my vacuum cleaner.
how would they say say goodbye in hawaii
Where can I deposit cash to top up?
How much does it cost to top up a US-issued card?
how much is the atm fee for my boa card in orlando, fl
i am unable to remember what my pin is for my bank of america checking account
How do I take a block off my card?
whats the average temperature in mangalore for this week
ai, how old are you
Just add a new email in my contacts from Michael
continue pride and prejudice
what are you able to help me with
pink is all we need
The app is having trouble verifying my identity.
Why do you charge for payments? Why aren't your charges clearly laid out in the agreement?
can i get an uber to central park for 5
what is my interest rate for my scotiabank account
Why do some of my payments have fees?  I don't understand.
i need to find my w2 so i can do taxes
My card payment has been declined, why?
How do I report a stolen card?
turn off the living room lights
I'm not satisfied with the services that you are providing.  I would like to end my services and delete my account.
tell me the answer for 2 + 2
lets hear an interesting fact about funko pops
Find the meaning of promise.
do i have anything on my schedule for april 15
i accidentally shredded my card
play my playlist
Play some tunes
Why was I unable to complete my transfer?
call china wok
Get coffee maker started for a fresh cup.
Mail my friend.
What is the average speed on main highway.
are there any meetings room available between 8:00 and 9:00 am
lost my card in atm
I noticed a duplicate charge on my statement.
I would like to change the the PIN on my card.
could you tell me it one more again please.
that is great one.
how is the traffic today
describe what a sphere is
wait, this is not the correct answer.
will it freeze tonight
can you check why I wasn't able to top up?
I want to activate the card.
How's the weather?
I tried to transfer money to a receiver and they didn't get the right amount. What is going on and who do I contact to help me?
Are there any news stories I can check on that are new?
remind me about Games of Thrones at seven pm each Sunday for the next three months
hi, how are you today
that’s actually wrong
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get it to work. Is my card with issue? It's the first time I tried using it.
how is my vacation request looking
i need someone to look at my check engine light
look up the amount of pto i have already used
please describe object A.
I found an unauthorized card payment
time to order and receive a new credit card
the product is not working, can I get a refund?
The machine didn't work earlier when I went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress.Why?
It seems like a transfer is pending.
How do I use my new card?
what all lists are available
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
my bronze card is missing i would like to report it as lost
check if i have set any alarm for morning
change to a different accent
play cricket
what are the transaction fee using our card in florence if any
thanks, that's wonderful work.
what are ai's hobbies
tell me how to go about reporting a damaged card
When I withdrew money from my account the other day, I noticed that there was a fee.  I didn't think that there were any fees for withdrawals...?  How much will I be charged?
Tell me formula for area of circle
I want to hear Chopin now
train leaving
female voice please
Hey, my card was declined at an ATM in the city centre theatre. My account says the transaction is pending, though. I didn't get the money, though, so what does that mean?
Olly, I have a doctor's appointment at 2pm today.
sorry but it is wrong.
Show me my last 2 emails
could my 401k be rolled over
will you please check and confirm detail.
did you get question correctly?
call eastwind and order lomaine to go
can i substitute yogurt for sour cream
Please find music by AFI
in 4 days, what date will it be
Which cards and currencies do you support?
For what reason is my transfer still pending now?
vaccuum start
Can I set my own top-up limit?
are there any unread emails from patrick
can you tell me about the best tourist attractions in sweden
Did Sara tried to call me?
i want to hear the last you just said again.
What does tweet mean?
delete the list brads appointments
Can both a Visa and Mastercard be received from you?
how healthy is pho
I expect you to remove the item from the list
Why was I charged a fee for a transfer?
how to change oil and what oil type
where can i find my recent transaction history
when is my credit card going to expire
I tried topping up but my funds seem to be pending. I want to buy something right now, what do I do?
get me an uber
How to Increase income source.
Will there be any fees for top ups?
i would like to know the train timings to bournemouth tomorrow
turn off my wemo plug socket now
I lost my card, what do I do now?
how do i sign up for a new allstatedplan
tell me about the pets you have
i need information on today's date
please would you elaborate more on your words to me.
i say negative
give me the details of friend
what's the current psi for my tires
please read out all the alarms that are set
in the place i am what are my gps coordinates
how many calories are in a sandwich
tell me the latest stock of pepsi
my name is jason
what is my recent email activity
What is the answer to 2 plus 2?
The exchange rate for my withdrawal isn't correct and doesn't match the actual exchange rate.
I want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
how can i turn on direct deposit
send mail to ismail for office opening time table.
Have I received any email since 5 pm?
How would I be able to make changes to my personal details?
well, i guess maybe
delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks
is it possible for you to speak with a british gent's accent
Why does a top- up need to be verify?
power up the vacuum
Where in the app can I find my PIN?
please speak slower
local show
you got that wrong
Can you please explain how bank transfers work?
please change light color to purple
are you a person or robot
how can i cash out my rewards for a visa card
i would like to change the name on my checking account
vacuum the house
Turn off wemo
What do I do if my card is stolen?
do we have thirty first day on this month
again rephrase what you just said now please.
let us do it again please.
let's try your sentence spoken once again please.
didn't understand what you said now.
Can I add funds directly from my Apple Watch?
this does not matter, olly.
I did a money transfer to my account and it is not showing there.
please turn off the alarm
I want to do a bank transfer to this bank, from an account at another bank.
play radio javan
current time in GMT
where do i go to get a form for w2s
I think that the card is stolen.  What are my next steps?
How do I get a disposable virtual card as well?
where i can use credit card points
What's the average price of a house in Michigan?
i purchased new tires yesterday, should i buy new ones
order all of my shopping list
what is the exchange rate for dollars to pounds
how do i get to the closest starbucks
repeat my to do list
what music is being played right now
update on vacation request
do they take reservations at buffalo wild wings
beneficiary transfer problems?
what will the weather be like this week
i do not mind to choose any one, olly.
change the light color to black light
yes right response.
Turn off the lights in the living room, please.
ai was made by whom
tell me what you just said once again please.
write a text to alice
what is the birthday of hemingway
When will I see my cash, since I already deposited my check?
Where do I go to activate my card?
I need to figure out who has access to my card there are some payments I didn't make that are showing on the app.  Could you please help?
what's still on the list
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
read my reminder list to me please
would not really bother.
how are the burgers at carl jr's
How are you feeling lately?
Remove my scheduled calendar events if you could
well done, musch appreciated.
i'd like to rent an automobile in pittsburgh from this tuesday until next thursday can i do that
Please delete all meeting after 7 AM
let me check my transaction on my citi card
this song should be on my playlist
Are the funds I requested from a merchant a few days ago in my account? I do not see them.
you have got my instructions perfectly.
you have done that right musch appreciated, olly.
tell when should i get my tires changed next
PDA remove the hip show from my schedule on April 2nd.
yeah that was confirmed.
How many mails have I received today ?
TELL ME CNN NEWS FOR ME RIGHT NOW.
what is some trivia about frog
do you know how long its been since i had my oil changed and a tune up
Why is it taking so long for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
PDA please search for beginners guide to cooking
Please let me know the dog show events going on in my home town.
how old will you be next year
show me my transactions on groceries
Song next please
are you employed by someone
are the chili's reviews any good
i do not really care.
alexa tell me about bob dean?
Do yo charge a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
Siri, how long has Susumu Hirasawa been creating music?
i need you to mark next monday
Why is my withdrawl to cash still pending?
How long will this card payment stay pending?
Do you offer cards for those in other countries?
i do not really know.
new reminder at three pm
I need to update my current address
My new pin needs to be set.
olly i like you cancel it.
has amy sent me any new emails
do i have anything on my calendar next sunday
Switch off the smart plug socket now
delete an first event of twenty third of march twenty seventeen
Clean the carpets.
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
go to radio
Play Pride an Prejudice.
How many disposable cards per day am I allowed to have?
Payment did not process
The app reverted after I topped-up
what is the current time in london
I got a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
who is the president of america
what things can i do to increase my credit score
What is the minimum age limit?
do i have enough gas to get home
start vacuuming now please
The app doesn't recognize me.
How can I receive money from someone?
What does a pending transaction mean?
maybe is what i am going to answer
carlos linux upgrade email
There's a direct debit on my account that I didn't authorize
what year is it
find me the smallest coffee shop in new orleans
i want to cancel the reservation for mercury at the ritz
i haven't the foggiest
Will it take more than 3 days for my transfer to reach my account?
Heyy I tried to top up with my card today but it failed! I just got the couple days before but it has worked last time. What's going on, can you double check please?
does ming ten do take out
Delete my whole calendar for today.
How long is this song
What is the stock price for Lexmark?
please run the vacuum cleaner
let me know the amount of vacation days i have used
you saved my name how
Update me with the election results
Why would I be charged a fee for card payment?
What time is it in New york now?
remind me when XXX sends me an email
i need to make a list
Put me down as busy on my calendar from 2-3 pm on Wednesday.
How long should it take for a transfer to go through? I have been waiting a while.
What is this $1 charge on my account?
schedule lunch at tomo in arcata california tomorrow at noon
what day is our next free day, please
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
should i know about any travel alerts before traveling in the usa
i am going to spain in the future and my bank needs to know this information
will you rephrase me about your response once again please.
i need to know the number of days off i have taken at this point
do not mind to select any one.
I want to get rid of the account, and delete personal information .
how is the word economy spelled
how many years have you been operating
Why am I required to verify my identity?
what's the minimum required payment on my visa card
Add Diapers in cosmetic list
what are my insurance rewards
set an alarm at six in the morning
I keep checking my bank statements but I don't see a refund that I've requested from a seller. Can you ensure that I receive the refund from the seller?
There is a mysterious debit transaction on my statement
music three
can you tell me something i don't know about banks
can i hurt my credit rating if i open several credit cards in a short time frame
I used my card to top-up but the money is gone!
so what is my name saved as
how do i get to the supermarket on foot
i am not clear about last sentence.
Open games
I received my new card and tried using it today, just to have it show declined over and over again.  Why is this happening?
speak that again.
how do i switch insurance plans
Tell me the direction to Miami from Chicago.
reset alarm
make an alarm for me at five am tomorrow
mention the stock price of hdfc
do i need a travel visa to visit russia
Are you able to locate my card?
erase next calendar event
i have to wear a jacket in the morning?
what's the traffic on the 101
i am wanting to know how old you are
explain marketing
initiate polling for new email
favorite foke
What if my top up didn't work?
shedule a reminder one hour before the meeting
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in uruguay
Why is there a charge for $1 on my account?
how often should i get my tires changed
let's do math
please help me locate my phone
app malfunctioning, does not know its me
what do i need to do
put the item on the list
clear haircut today
can i keep rice in the fridge for 3 days
Get rid of the Wednesday list
call my friend aj
What is the longest time to a location
merci beaucoup
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
go to agha station
what is my bank of america card's rewards balance
do i need to have any shots to visit chile
Why did my transfer not work?
how is the stock going in general
oops, you don't get answer right.
Will Trump visit Russia anytime soon?
Remind me of dinner with mom tonight on my calendar
Can you start my saved podcast?
greetings to you
I topped up but the app reverted it
i want to hear your last instruction you said again.
i need the soonest appointment for an oil change
Why hasn't the money transfer arrived yet?
can you help me switch to a new insurance plan
Send me current news for the day
I want to listen to 94.1 please.
what are your hobbies siri
let the wife see where i'm at
i need a hotel in new orleans from may 2 - 5 near the french quarter
How do I reset my passcode?
can you further explain me on it please.
play pride and prejudice
what are all my lists
what is the current song called
is there enough money in my bank of hawaii for vacation
name the lists available
locate my phone please
olly would you just cancel.
Play Jazz music
stop, i think it's not the correct response.
can you start ryan seacrest
Whats the local taxi company around here?
can you take off the next event on my calendar
I haven't received my pin
enable my plug
which type of gas does this car take
please remove ginger ale from my shopping list and add root beer
hoover the hallway
What day of the week is the 27th?
can you tell me what's on my calendar for march 05, 2019
I need some help with identity verification.
The exchange rate from my card payment isn't right.
please order take from jason's deli
madison to atlanta delta ticket
please check and repeat this song one time more
I need an event three days from now scheduled with Amy.
A wrong amount of cash we sent to me.
What is today's temperature?
send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
open saga
remove wake-up calls for this week
I just got my new card, how do I activate it?
Will I be charged for topping up?
have i gotten any new emails
I just checked my statement and saw a $1 charge, why is it there?
I lost my phone. Can I use my card without the app?
please find the benefits provided by my insurance
How is my PIN sent?
Why is my disposable card not working?
Calculate the costs of cable and internet providers in my area. Where can I save the most?
what were you just saying
when don't i have to work next
How to I close my account?
Meeting (friend) on (date) update my calendar to reflect meeting.
google stock price
Very hectic
what is the minimum payment i can make on my electric bill
How much is Apple stock worth?
has the ice made traffic messy on the way to walmart
so i have any vacation days left
I think I lost my phone.  Is there a way to prevent anyone from getting into my account on it?
i would like my account frozen
jane doe emails
disable my okug
My identity isn't being accepted, what should I do?
stock please
Explain pending transactions.
show me a calendar
what is the song currently playing
Can you search trump
when did i last get my car checked
Is my card lost? I am still waiting for it to be delivered.
how's the traffic this morning
what benefits does my health coverage give me
My card was stolen last night.
give the shortest route to the airport
calculate my points for visa
play bbc radio
Why can't I see my refund in my statement?
send 100 dollars between bank of the west and bank of america acccounts
I want to activate my card, how do I do it?
please confirm the next time i should get the tires on my car replaced
Where can I locate my card PIN?
what is the root of six hundred and twenty five
What documents do you need to verify my identity?
can you divide 100 by 20
play hot ninety seven
I've been trying to do a transfer multiple times and have failed? Is the system down?
please do not talk for 30 minutes
how is the traffic near lexington
Play the song sung by Katy Perry.
I don't know why my card payment did not work
book a train ticket from orlando to chicago
Can my PIN changed remotely without visiting a bank?
what is my fica score
can you give me train times for ann arbor
cancel my account
How do you check my identity?
make my location available with david and kate
what have i spent lately in child care
what is the age of britney spears
Do all ATMs take this card?
you are so nice to think of me
I was not given the amount of cash I withdrew
Listen to the martian from downpour
is there a connecting train from london to paris and what time
May I have a second card?
i'd like you just cancel.
I sent some money and the account hasn't recived the transfer I made.
are there any good pizza places around here
find jazz music on my playlist
Mute my speakers for a minute here I need to make a call.
doesn't really matter.
What is going on around here?
i need you to repeat that, please
Do any of your machines provide cash from my home country? I don't have any money on me and I'm on holiday so I'm concerned. Also, will I be charged anything to do this?
How can I exchange to EUR?
Can you explain the various transaction times shown on my statement?
figure out when my car will next need an oil change
i'm so happy today Olly, I got tickets for the concert
is there any good place for vietnamese food on the east side of the island
what is today's date
How long should a cheque deposit take to show? My account hasn't updated and I want to make sure everything is okay.
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
How do I get my card active?
talk to me about the total of my state taxes
tell me what type of fuel my car uses
My card is stuck inside the ATM.
How can I receive money from someone?
when is my food going to be here
search for local shops
The ATM cancelled a transaction on me when I was trying to get some cash out.
Where can I go to modify my detail?
turn the lights blue at three pm
is rice bad after 3 days in fridge
checkout domino centre near me and order cheese pizza
PDA: I want to reply to Bob Smith's email
I requested a refund, and never received it. What can I do?
excellent work, you have done well.
it is of no importance to me, olly.
how old do i need to be to get an account for myself
Open Google Calendar. In the My calendars section, click the down arrow that appears when you hover over your calendar, and select Reminders and notifications from the drop-down.
I tried making an update to my balance using cheque just yesterday but it doesn't appear to have worked. Should this not be a faster process? I need you to please check over my account because something has went wrong.
can you give me the time in new delhi
Why doesn't it show that I did a balance transfer?
I need to know why my credit card was declined for top up? What is the deal here and why did it not go through?
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
My card payment is showing pending however this transaction was a couple of days ago. Is there a reason why it it still pending?
can you say it one more time again please.
generate fresh list
what's the news in politics on cnn
i need to edit this event out of my calendar
How do I transfer money to my account?
explain photosynthesis
show current news from bbc
check email about my job.
i need to rent a car for may 8th to may 25th in danville and i'd like a ford
let us try the last spoken again please.
Delete all my meetings
There is an urgent transfer I need to make from China.  How long will it take to get it processed?
make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color please
what mpg does my car get
Display my list
please give me today's date
can i make back home without a traffic jam
Send a funny message to all of my friends
I would like a refund on one of your products that has been sold to me
does not really matter with me.
Is it possible to hold money in different currencies?
both maybe
time to sleep olly!
i want to increase my credit limit to $1000, if possible
change the lights to a different hue
I am seeing and extra 1$ charged to my account and wanted to know about it.
where can i locate my w2 so i can do my taxes
Am I able to top up with Apple Pay?
There's a cash withdrawal on my account that I didn't make
I need the volume to be quieter
I have found my lost or stolen card. Is there a way I can link the card with my account through my app again?
Can you please disregard the party that I will be going to this weekend on my calendar.
What alarms are set in the morning, PDA?
what things can you help me with exactly
I got charged for with a fee for paying with my card.
i challenge you to a game of tic tac toe
check if there are new emails
meeting this friday
I am not recognizing a debit payment from my account.
Why do I have to give you my drivers license
play the urban radio station
Is a bank transfer acceptable for topping up my account?
Activating my card
s2, i am unclear about your words.
i need to hear a joke can you tell me one
when can i pick up my chinese food
how do they say hello in brazil
I am locked out from entering my pin.
I completed a payment with my card a while ago. It's still showing up as pending. What time frame does this normally take? It doesn't appear to have worked.
create a list of jewels to be bought
what's around tonight
do i have any vacation days left
Meet James at Mill Creek Cinema in McKinleyville California at 9pm
please change the color of the light in the bathroom
Take off my alarms
find hotel order food name
I AM MISSING CASH FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT ACCORDING TO MY APP
PDA, can you turn off the smart socket.
PDA: Add this channel to Pandora
can you put a stop on my account
olly that is enough.
I would like to exchange currencies on the app. How do I do this?
olly will you just cancel it.
when is my takeaway arriving
confirm my last command please.
Why is my purchase showing as pending?
what is the current traffic situation
italy's timezone is what
currency to currency rate
let me change your name to dina
correcly.
answer this mail.
can you please change you accent to the male british one
PDA what alarms do I have scheduled for tomorrow?
what is the sensex and nifty points for today
Is there a problem with the payment that I see is still pending?
I want to transfer money into my account, what do I do?
can you play my favorite music
i dont want sound
Give me notifications when I get any news from the Starbucks I applied to.
when can i expect my next day off
how are my federal taxes looking this year
order one burger
yeap you have done answer exactly.
Do I have any email?
write in my calendar i have a event for next friday
I want a Mastercard, instead.
Can you tell me what a grommet is?
you didn't say my name right.
please make a reservation at ruth's steaks for a party of five at 7:00 pm under jack arnold
where do i go to get that work tax form thing
put on the next song
s1, elaborate your response again to me please.
PDA, I want the lights turned off
lights on
Set alarm of Whole week morning 10 a. m. in april month
hey how's life
show me tutorials on cooking food
will it be all right for me to drink milk i've had in the fridge since tuesday
let me know if i need an international visa to go to sudan
what's next on the list
give details about the current traffic
Does every place of business accept this card?
make the lights pink at the house
Please help me to know the status of my card payment as its pending since a while.
go forward please
Who was the last person to email me ?
how is the traffic presently near central park road
I made a transaction and it is taking a very long time to go through.
turn my audio higher
Tell me the recipe for yellow rice
how much money do i need to spend on bill payments
will you just stop it please.
Olly, clear the list
Tell me today's date
wonderful work, you have done well.
What's my latest email
can i substitute eggs for milk in a recipe
Play Hoizer radio station from my Pandora app.
you are my hero, thank you so much.
Now that I live in the US how can I get a card?
hi can you please turn lower the lights
i wish to know the gas i need to fill this car up with
when can i receive rewards on my visa card
I seem to of forgotten my passcode.
i would like the house lights to be pink
please put radio in shuffle
set alarm for reminder
how many day of my vacation are left for the year
how long will it take to drive to long beach
Please activate my coffee pot for me
Order a latte from Starbucks.
find my phone
Send a tweet to at modcloth that I don't like that they wouldn't honor sales prices for me.
Add to Instagram:
add 'shape of you' to the current queue
Post that I am going to Woodland shoe store
Tell me the time in jakarta.
was i spending too much money on doughnuts last week
could you hit next
When is my next appointment and who do I contact to reschedule?
The exchange rate for foreign ATM currency is wrong.
do i need vaccinations to travel there
wouldn't really mind for any one.
Increase the light level.
which is the best place to visit in this month
What are the reasons that my mortgage payment won't go through? I'm getting an error and don't know how to correct to get this transfer to go through.
what is the date today?
revert to your factory settings
reset the factory settings if possible
how can i delete an item
play this audiobook for me
Will you tell me how I am supposed to use the disposable cards?
put on my jam session playlist please
remove all events from my calendar
set notification from world news
When would my card be charged an extra fee for a transaction?
please check my coming up events
it's nice, thank you very much.
I made a mistake when sending a payment, sending it to the wrong account number (with a typo) - can you please cancel the transaction?
you're the best!
When will my card be activated?
start the league of legends game
My top up did not show up as shown and my money has disappeared, can you help me fix this glitch problem?
i would not mind for any one.
tell me if my vacation was approved yet
PDA, Turn up your volume
how can i report fraudulent charges on my card
I would like use the bank transfer, but I don't understand the process, can you please explain, topping up?
how to get new card after atm eats it
Echo which songs to I listen to most.
terminate my account please
let lisa know where i am now
please order me everything that is on my shopping list
could you give me the exact rate for dow nifty futures
when's the next time i have to get an oil change
Where can I find the top up verification code?
I might need a new card because it's not working at any of the ATMs. I don't think ive used all my money. Why is it doing this?
i would like to know my car's tire pressure
I think my top up may have been reverted, what do I do?
please make sure oranges are on my shopping list
i want to know if pizza is healthy
Is exchanging currencies a feature of the app?
Check my calendar for me
increase the bright of the light
tweet bad day at starbucks
I haven't received my virtual card yet, do yo know why?
How do I use disposable cards?
withdrawal pending meaning?
Chicago time
What day does april 16th fall on?
is it still safe to consume the cake she backed last thursday
tell me what a freeway is
what's the nutrition content of chicken nuggets
i would like to hear what said again.
set an alarm for me at 8am
give me some ideas for boosting my credit score
i'm not doing thing this week
let us try it one more again please.
request a taxi from udrive service
when is bank holiday
find details about President Donald Trump
What is the US Dollar Euro exchange rate?
resume harry potter book four
Approximately how long will an urgent transfer from China take?
Check all cab companies and get a time booked for 3 pm.
s1, would you explain me about what you have just said once again.
can you explain string theory to me
Hi there, earlier today I tried to take money out of an ATM machine, and something wasn't working.  I didn't actually receive the money, but I just checked and it says that the transaction is still pending.  Can you tell me what's going on here? Am I still being charged for the withdrawal even though I didn't end up getting any money?
How did the extra charge on my card come in effect?
current news
solution for 81 divided by 9
what are the show times for logan at the nearby theatre
Olly show unread new emails.
Some of my card payments look different than where I purchased products from. Why is that?
I attempted to use my card while I was intoxicated, and I failed to input my PIN, and the machine kept my card. How soon can I have it back?
tell me how much in tax on this
malignant is spelled how exactly
check reservation availability for 2 at red lobster at 8pm
call me stevie
How do I top up? Can I use my apple watch?
please I want to hear We will rock you from Queen
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on something I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
how free am I this week?
what's the last transaction i made yesterday
When will my card arrive?
Hello, I have recently made a purchase and have decided to cancel my purchase. Is there any way that you can cancel that transaction for me so I can get the money back? It's very important.
tell me a good doctor joke
I want to return an item for a refund can I do that?
I got my new card where do I go to activate it?
Olly how do you make sunny side up eggs?
chane light colour to green
what is the average time to go between oil changes
make my collection mostly pop with a good bit of psychedelia
save this song to playlist
check to see if i have any meetings with peter today
that's perfect, i appreciate it.
how would i change from centimeters to inches
how to make sausage
set an alert for two pm
i need my credit limit changed
can you flip a coin i pick heads
wait, i think you're incorrect.
Why didn't my payment process
how is president's trump office proceeding
Play the pre-gaming playlist
show me the events in my work calendar for next week
Are there any ATM machines near me?
Where is the transaction I made to a friend?
go back to the last episode in this podcast
I am upset with your service.  Please delete my account.
What does Schadenfraude mean?
s2, i can not catch up with you.
turn on vacuum cleaner
when was my last oil change
Put meeting with Pawel for tomorrow 10am
olly please can you cancel.
can i get to work safely or do i need to stop and get gas
what's new in facebook
please place my new email address to the contact
delete my list
Olly could you fix me some coffee
What are your thoughts on the difference between the philosophers Nietzche and Focault?
two by two is
what events are coming up
I need to know where I can withdraw money.
post to twitter trump is such an ass
delete every event
remove my grocery list
do you have any jokes
Why do you need to verify my identity?
s1, could you please again rephrase me about what you said now.
is my todo list free
move forward ten minutes in this podcast
call home
it was useful, appreciated.
make a cup of coffee for me
How old does my daughter have to be to open an account?
can you tell me a few funny jokes
Why on earth do you need so much personal id info from me?
at what time is my alarm set
i would like to start this new audiobook
check emails from gary for last hour
what methods can i use to improve my credit score
I do not know what this cash withdrawal is
How many disposable cards is the limit?
I would like to know what the restrictions are for the disposable cards.
my alarms
how do i keep my credit from lowering
How do I link my replacement card?
Does the exchange rate change each day for purchases? There is a different rate on my purchase.
when should the flight land
how hot is it in miami
what's the best place for some thai in new york city
i need more checkbooks for my fifth third account
how would i say hello in french
How long does a payment show as pending before i should worry about it?
Where can I get a card in the EU?
what are my favorite types of music
is there a way to roll over my 401k
nine hundred and ninety nine fm is currently playing what music
Could you please lower the tone?
I took out money and there is a fee.  Why?
Let me hear my list.
i can't quite catch up with you.
Tell me the current time in Central time.
set an alarm for one pm
initiate a new alarm please
I visited the ATM but got less money than what I requested. Why?
I tried to use the ATM with foreign currency. The conversion rate applied was wrong.
what's the climate like in chicago
how does one say thank you in spanish
tell me the time in this time zone
let me hear something funny
Olly call me a taxi to the airport at 5am
Turn off smart socket
i want to listen to the podcast of the super bowl this past year
what was the date of my last car appointment
call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
Remove my meeting today at 1:00 P.M.
how many jokes do you know
bedroom light off
PDA is it snowing?
How long does a transfer from the US take?
Can third party fees affect a transfer?
when should i get my oil changed
olly that is all, just cancel it.
Why is there an extra fee charged?
I need to know the stock prices for Walmart
How can I go about getting a disposable virtual card?
Is the PIN sent in another message?
how many vacation days do i still have available
check celebrity where abouts
turn on radio play prambors with max volume as alarm in the morning
now playing
that was a mistake, undo that
I returned an item but don't see it on my account?
i need to call my friend
Why did I get a $1 extra fee on the statement?
continue onto the next podcast
how old is al
road traffic
Will there be a World War IV?
delete this list
My payment for my card is not working
Do I have to pay for topping up by transfer?
i need to include a stop at the pharmacy to the list of things to do
tell me who is by the garage door
remove <unk>
What day of the week is my birthday this year?
let's play workout playlist
I tried to make a transfer and it didn't work.
what do you get if you roll a six sided dice
what mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout
what does my running list of stuff to do list
I've obtained the card, how do I enable it on the app?
Hi,  I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
events in me area
I am still waiting for a money transfer to show
my vacation, has it been approved yet
play hip hop songs
what might i need to do to direct deposit my paycheck
Can you make exchanges using the EUR?
What did you do with my money??? I just topped up, I saw the money was there, but now it's gone!! What did you do with it?
how do i set the alarm
is there any program for tomorrow evening
oh that was good job.
yeah you did answer perfectly.
dollar rate
make an order for new checbooks on my td checking please
raise volume to level seven on music player
tell bill and craig where i am
what is my minimum payment and when is it due
How much is it to buy another card? I was hoping to buy another one.
up to this point, how much of my pto have i used
can i take a pto for two days, starting on february 7
please give me my last ten debit card transactions in the month of december
Weird charges are appearing in my debit account.
you have my sincere gratitude
would like to see the time zone
help me find my package
musch appreciated, it's perfect.
please stop doing what i asked
mention event in calendar with others
how is the traffic on I twenty five
Remind me about the March 16 meeting.
running competitions on the west side
where is the nearest wal mart
i just traveled on american airlines flight ab123 out of dallas i can't find my luggage
lighter shade on the lights please
Can you play some Elvis for me?
i need to know my current gps coordinates
is there is a high traffic
what pubs are close to me
What age do you have to be?
what is the current time in istanbul
write me a tweet about how horrible their management is
what are the reviews like for l'auberge aubergine
How do your exchange rates factor in?
lessen the the light glow
There is a payment showing that I know I didn't make. I didn't use my card that day and I'm sure of it. Can you please cancel that transaction and return my money? Thankyou
check if the doors are locked
who wrote the song i just wanna dance with you
what's the amount of taxes for my income
What's the news?
I am seeing a direct debit I wasn't aware of.
olly that's enough, stop it.
please find all name start with alphabetic of a and create a list
can you check if my mastercard application has been reviewed yet
Please help me to know the status of my card payment as its pending since a while.
Olly, add dinner with Jane on February 12th at 6pm.
play ride music track
I have withdrawn cash from the ATM but it is showing in my account as a pending transation. Why is this?
What to do next on events
what is the latest from my feed?
alexa, book a rental car to los angeles county in 2 hours
did i put unpacking groceries on my to do list
go back to previous episode of podcast.
go to the list and remove item
add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
can you turn my bedroom lights off
isn't keith urban wonderful
add cereal to my shopping list
I would like a refund on one of your products that has been sold to me
where is tommorrows meeting shedulded
can you please revert to factory settings at this time
i don't remember the pin number to my card
Why wasn't my contactless accepted at the metro?
I was unable to transfer money from my account.
make 1234 a new pin for my savings account
How much will I pay to exchange foreign currency?
yeap excellent.
what amount did i spend last week
What happened to the money that I deposited?
how do you subtract numbers
How do we organize against Trump?
What's a verification code?
Why can I not do a transfer to a beneficiary?
What is the need to verify my identity?
find out for me how many days off i have taken in total at this point
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
Book a taxi to pick up Shelley Hennessey at Gate 4 of the airport for the arrival of AA flight 5431 at 3:21 on Friday.
what do you do as a hobby
play the miami heat and warriors game
There were a couple of payments that I have noticed on my account with my card that I didn't make. Is it possible that somebody else has my card information?
how many more days before my credit card expires
Where are the virtual cards located?
There is a direct debit charge on my account that I don't recognize.
I was supposed to get a refund but I do not see it on my statement. When is it going to be updated?
Please check to see if the band transfer I made a while ago from my UK account has safely arrived.
tell me the status of flight dl123
i will need a scarf in afternoon to overcome sunlight
They said I would get a refund but I don't see it on my statement.
I would like a virtual card...how do I get one?
What do I need to do to verify my funds?
uhh no, that isn't what i was looking for.
Hi, I checked my transactions and saw that I was charged twice during a restaurant visit. I would like to get my money back.
remind me to start getting ready by 5 pm please
at which mileage, should i get my oil changed
Is the top up feature available on the Apple Watch?
how do i get a new credit card sent to me
is there a better way to check my visa rewards card balance
Is it possible to use my credit card to transfer money?
If I have more than one disposable card, can I make five payments on each of them?
tell me my credit card apr
respond to the mail of ash in morning
Let me know when the next cold front is expected
i believe that's true
Next Thursday I need to be reminded to call the bank
can i get takeaway from pings
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
How can I open an account for my children?
tell me who the senders of my emails.
put laundry on my chore list
I need the arrival time for New York train
Do I need to wear sunscreen today?
This place has been too much work so I'd just like to close out my account & be done.
please play james altucher's podcast
My payments from my virtual card keep getting rejected.
can you tell me what the next day is
what is the current exchange rate of euro to dollar
give me information about my card's apr
what is the apr to my credit card
Why was I unable to do a transfer?
what is 100 multiplied by 55
yeah you understood command correcly.
trash file 01
I had a dollar charged to my account that's still pending and wanted to know what the charge is for?
shit, you didn't understand what i am looking for.
Is there a way yo change my PIN?
Do I have any emails?
what created you
Please help serve me coffee with a no sugar.
I want to create a new pin.
if my credit card was stolen, how long will it take to replace
How to I transfer my funds into my account?
I managed to drunken block my card :(( Help!
prepare a new list
which day will be rainy in this week
play next reason podcast
how long should i expect beef stroganoff to prepare
what will be the weather update for monday noon
How many different cards can I have for my account?
I noticed after looking over my transactions that I have been charged twice from an earlier restaurant visit this week. Is it possible that one of these can be removed so I get the money back for the one that is not accurate?
how can i figure out the interest rate for my columbia account
what time is it in mountain time zone
what is the minimum i can pay on my insurance bill
Please tweet that my diapers are falling apart to Pampers.
Click Save.
at one pm today start the robot vacuum cleaner
will you order more checkbooks for my silvergate account
I'm still waiting for my top-up to go through
Am I limited on the amount of disposable cards I can possess?
please delete all calendar events
what kind of entertainment is available in chicago
please tell me my current interest rate for my home equity line of credit
WHAT'S ON MY CALENDAR THIS WEEK?
anything would be fine with me.
My card was rejected at the store for some reason, can you look into this for me?
fast road to get home
that's awesome job, thank you very much.
Remove my 6 am alarm
retrieve the light for me
how can a cook risotto
I've just come back from an eating holiday in the USA and Canada and have SO many pending and duplicated transactions on my account.  I think there is something wrong, can you look in to it please?
i need you to clear my todo list
call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
How can I reset the passcode if I need to do that?
great work, you did well, olly.
no, you gave me incorrect information.
give arianna my current location
help, i've lost my cellphone!
check chase bank for my checking balance
I have lost my phone.
where do you work
shuffle song
How can I cancel a transfer I made
i need you to remove item s from my list
There is more than one of the same transaction on my account.
cumin may be substituted for tumeric
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
How come my card payment has been declined?
does my shopping list consist of chips
rewind to four twelve
Is everyone on my Facebook list watching the game?
what's the best pizza shop nearby
figure out my reward points for discovery card
yeah exact response to the command.
Where are my funds? I topped off my car but it didn't seem to complete.
this does not really matter with me.
give me the details of friend
Why did my transfer get declined?
show me the path of nearest railway station
my name is stu, not sue!
can you tell me a joke about a lawyer
it was great to speak with you
please help me set up a vacation request
can you find my credit score
what amount of money do i pay in taxes, please
I don't have my passcode to access the app.
If I get another card, what kind of fees am I looking at?
Hello - I'm on the app and trying to purchase crypto. It's not going through. What am I doing wrong?
Do I have any time free on Tuesday for a 2 hour meeting with Ken?
will i be charged transaction fees if i use my american card internationally
What documents do I need for the identity check?
Do you take checks?
My top-up was cancelled and I am writing to ask if I need to complete the 3D Secure authentication section before I submit it.
is it possible to top-up with google pay.
I would like to cancel a purchase.
Open train routes
whai will be the highest temperature in coming week
Is there a discount for frequently exchanging currencies?
Is there a way to bike a hundred miles
help me search for my phone
How long will it take for my ID to verify?
tell me about price of stock for innova
when was Dolly parton born
speak the last words one more time please.
I want to cancel the transaction I made earlier
What are the restrictions on auto top-up?
on the lounge lights turn
how bad is the traffic on sunset boulevard
What is the maximum for top-ups?
Is it free to send out more cards?
find out how much of my pto is already used
what's the amount of time off i've had
start playing podcast about books
How long does it take to get money from Europe?
what is the date of today
can you find my lists
Replay my last played podcast.
A payment in my account was made by someone I don't know
games
My refund isn't showing up
play underground rap
"i'm fly out from lax to phl this weekend for around $120
I was charged extra for a withdrawal
Set coffee maker to start at three.
Will I be charged any fees if I want to add money with an international card?
will you be able to activate my card
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up.I requested a refund a long time ago but seems like it's not submitting my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
should I wear rainboots
Do you take checks?
read that list back to me please
olly whats the best place to eat near here
s2, i was unclear about your answers.
There is a pending transaction on my account for when I tried to get money from the ATM earlier and it did not work. Can you fix this?
I'm confused as to why my top-up did not go through.
Can you explain your exchange rate policy? I don't think I received the correct amount of cash in my ATM transaction.
appreciated, that's nice.
do i have anything planned for the twenty first
will the fast food shop at the corner open today
how is the weather looking in seattle
Is it possible to exchange currencies on the app?
Please remind me to go to the post office.
i'm going to paris, what plug type do i need
How can I top up automatically?
Why are whales big?
It won't let me prove my identity.
please play back some important points summary
Every ATM I visit is rejecting my card and I don't know why. There should be money on it. Can you check it to see if something is wrong or if I'm doing something wrong?
let me know what my interest rate is
play beatles
There was an extra fee when I paid with my card, why was i charged this extra fee?
My top is still pending.
please repeat what you said
confirm my reservation for march 12 at 9:00 am
Which song is this one?
left phone at hotel, how to access app
can you book a car rental today to new york city to philadelphia
can you confirm my reservation for donnobys at 5:00
Send email to tim@hotmail.com
How come when I tried to pay contactless at the bus it didnt work?
Olly, are there any events on my calendar for this week?
list my insurance benefits
i need to know the bill's minimum payment
disable the first alarm
wemo plug socket turn on
I want to get a Visa and Mastercard, is it possible to get both from you?
change the genre from rock to classic
What currency can I use to add money?
What is the function of the disposable cards?
uh no, that isn't what i wanted.
how do i make tuna casserole from scratch
can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed
what is my old navy card's rewards balance
can i get some more checkbooks mailed to me, please
What went wrong when I tried to do my transfer?
What does Jon Bon Jovi's wife look like?
I need to transfer money into this account from my other bank account.
appreciated, that's wonderful job.
what is the status of my purchase
i gotta find the interest rate for my checking account
i need new health insurance
what is the correct amount of ounces in a pound
change light colors
show me map of this location.
check recent emails
REMIND TO AT 8 P.M. TO TAKE MY MEDICINE.
did i forget anything
let me know what today's date is
are you working for someone else
Give me the detailed schedule for next week.
What is happening in the world today?
Tell me when there is new news about Donald Trump
can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee
Turn volume up to highest level.
i have already given mark his gift today please remove him on my christmas gift list
i cannot seem to activate card
Turn on notification for all news on the stock market
uhh no, you have done task all in wrong manner.
approximately how long does it take to get to the resort in miami
My transfer didn't work how come?
how do i get to the court house on foot
what can i use you to help me with
Olly, can i get a cup of coffee?
i'd like you to book me a room in austin near google's headquarters from january 01, 2020 to february 02, 2020
Why would a card payment be declined?
what items do i have on my calendar for easter
siri open twitter tweet @potus sucks
i think this was not the correct answer.
check if there any new email
It's my mother's birthday today Olly, send me a notification every year on this date.
i'd like to have everything on the shopping list
show me the train schedules to the metropolitan opera house
What's happening in the news?
Tell me how to renew my new card?
how do i make you talk faster
please tell me that message spoke once more.
i need to know how many carry ons i can take on a flight with southwest airlines to houston
next/last
I am still waiting for a money transfer to process.
can you let me know my latest transactions
logan
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
I think the currency exchange that's been applied is wrong.
what is the best time to go to get a burger without a line
in my motivational playlist include the song rap god
Please show me how my friend can send me money.
what is the date of today
alexa what is something that is round?
Why did the ATM take my card and keep it?
i made a reservation under mark hamil at the emporium that i don't need any more
remind me to clean room
will you check details please.
will you speak once again please.
Does every place of business accept this card?
In this country, what is the exchange rate
is my calendar free for Thursday
My transfer didn't arrive to the recipient
how do i get to the court house on foot
how long will it take to reach my doctors office
i want to check if there is any meeting room available between 8:00 and 10:00 am
Who played Harry Potter in the films
when's the next time i have to pay the insurance
how healthy is salad
How do I link a card that I already have?
elaborate me further on your answer please.
please create a list of due payment those who not received more then ten months
whether it would be sunny in califonia
Any fast food meal offers
what time in las vegas
What are the most recent developments on (specific topic)?
when is the last train today
What'll it charge me for a SEPA transfer?
you are awesome, thanks.
what time is it right now in cst
please continue reading audiobook
Get me some latte please.
i wanna sub sugar for salt
How are foreign exchange rates determined?
where were you before moving here
thanks for your response.
please start vacuum cleaner
do not speak today
play compassionate cook episode twenty three
will you try again please.
please send an email to john saying i'm on leave
when is my takeaway going to get here
Is the birthday event on 15th of this month true
Am I able to choose my card?
I want you to fast forward  the audio the resume
What movies are playing at theatres near me
Hi there, earlier today I tried to take money out of an ATM machine, and something wasn't working.  I didn't actually receive the money, but I just checked and it says that the transaction is still pending.  Can you tell me what's going on here? Am I still being charged for the withdrawal even though I didn't end up getting any money?
How can I get cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been actually charged though...
Is it warm outside?
what is the way to change motor oil
i need to hear reviews for panda express
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
do you know actor surya
please lower the speaker volume
what is fourteen divided by two
When will my pending payment finish?
i want your name to be samantha now
I took out money from a transaction machine and it exchanged the wrong dollar value amount from another currency!
what is the latest on cnn
please book the next taxi
Please dim the lights in the bedrooms
i was trying to buy qtips at walmart and my card got declined
can you tell me today's rate for cad to usd
I've been waiting longer than expected for my card.
tell me what i have said again.
rm rf calendar
what is the status of last take away order
yeah it's great.
whats pesos australian dollars in 20
Can I choose my Visa or Mastercard?
appreciate your helping, olly.
Please play Nakumukka song for me
An ATM machine didn't return my card.
tell me it one more time again please.
great
when am i due for an oil change
What is the expected delivery date for my card?
Current song rating, three stars.
Can i make transactions before identity verification?
no that isn't it
is it possible to top-up with google pay.
Whats the delivery time to the United States?
i do not really mind for anything.
stop the connection with my phone
i need to know why my card was just declined at walgreen's
I need a transfer cancelled.
I am looking to get a Visa credit card, what must I do to achieve this?
my card is to be reported stolen
show a new list
my card was not in the mail again can you advise?
check what i last said please.
thanks for the assist
I received my salary in GBP. How do I change this to my currency?
speak german
change the color of the lights to blue
Knock, knock.
give me the definition of the word armor
Can my children have an account?
yeah perfect response to command.
On a card payment, why is there a fee?
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but less than the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you tell me about this. What's been going on?
what's a nice place to visit a beautiful beach
Did Charlotte responded?
When I purchased a product in another country the currency exchange was incorrect.
I have a card payment that was declined, but why?
can you please confirm last thing i said.
i need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
how many more days until the next holiday
add this to a list
Can I receive my salary with this in another currency?
How can I move money from an account at another bank to this one?
I need help getting the virtual card to work.
Alexa, I want to remove the wedding function on saturday
hmm, this was not what i said.
Why would my top up be cancelled?
Why is a payment showing up on my card as pending?
s1, please elaborate me on what you just said further.
kung fu panda three
Do I have the contact of Tara John?
olly make sure to remind about tomorrows afternoon meeting
who is the contact that last called me
move 'buying eggs' item to trash from to do list
When will the check I deposited post to my account?
Payment I did not make.
yum, pulled pork tacos at the buffet
how many miles per gallon do i get
what is on my calander for valentines day
start playing fm ninety six point five when it is one pm
I answered so many questions about my identity. Why do you need this info?
send reply to name
Are my friends able to top up my account?
Why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by the ATM?
file storage
i would like you to set the timer to go off in ten minutes
Can I exchange currency to Europe?
Can you please identify the problem with my bank card?
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
Noodles 1 pack, Make it as takeaway
lets play chess together
What are the reasons to be charged a fee on card payments?
can i have my credit limit changed
create a playing teams and play with them
confirm the detail please.
What do I do if my phone was stolen?
is new york in mountain timezone
Call Peking Garden
i wanna know a phrase in spanish
what movies are playing at carmike cinemas
set the living room lights to fifty percent
check all new emails in my inbox
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa
Help!  I fear that my card was stolen,
Is it possible to tell if my top up has reverted?
can i book a hotel in new york city near times square from 3/1 until 3/5
What is the length of time for one of these items to come to the U.S?
I just went through a old statement and noticed that a very large payment went through and i did not make it. It was from a few months ago, can I still dispute the payment?
how long does chicken curry last in the freezer before it's spoiled
how much do i have to pay back for my taxes
How do you determine exchange rates?
I am just waiting on the completion of the transaction.
Find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the U.S please.
set an alarm for thursday at seven pm
i want to redeem points on my chase card, but how
add milk to my shopping list
schedule a pto request for me on march 1-2
need my details changed
put on my 90s playlist
what are the upcoming reminders
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
show exchange rate of u. s. d. and inr
what activities are taking place in my area
please play that song that goes, "starships were meant to fly
please try again.
What time does the next train leave to Paris?
How do you do exchanges?
I made a card payment but it didn't work. Why not?
s1, will you elaborate me about that once again.
can you play beats one radio
please tell me what the mpg is for this car
please add to my contact lists and send them a reminder email
how much money will i make for the week if i make dollars per hour and work twenty hours
I moved and would like to change my address.
play chess
olly please would you stop.
prepare email for susan
I'm not sure where my phone is.  Can someone else use the app?
what age is the ai
I have a duplicate payment showing
make a new alarm for 6 in the morning
read about mary s.
Help, your app is showing a larger WD than I actually did earlier at an ATM.
do i need a travel visa to visit japan
what's the routing number for my bank of the west account
Read me the latest New York Times headlines
Begin radio play.
turn it up
create a playing teams and play with them
What music is playing now on 99.9 cm.
please mute the television for 1 hour
how do you know if your oil needs changed
My wallet was stolen, along with my cards. How do I put a freeze on my cards and order a new one?
check my last post on facebook
did you get last thing i said correctly?
contact bank and let them know about my travel plans
Are there steps I need to take before my card expires?
i want two burgers and one coke order it fast
how many dollars are in a euro
Is there anything exciting on twitter today?
please send a mail to Mr. richard  stating that i going to met him on 1/2/2017 at 5 pm at this office.
please could you shut off.
does my errand list have goodwill on it
My card doesn't seem to work.
what is the time in china
Count the number of food items on the list.
add the new email to my contacts
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
you did command perfectly.
temperature above avarage for this season
adjust light when i get home
s2, i am unclear about your words.
i missed that last one, please repeat
I did a cash deposit to my account, but I am not seeing it on my statement.
There is a direct debit payment on my account that I didn't authorize.
add apples to shopping list
Please turn on the radio to a random station, Ally.
Where can i exchange between GBP and USD
Look up information on Mount Rushmore
how do i find out what my credit score is
What are my options for holding money in multiple currencies?
how can i pay my bill
One of my card payments looks like it's stuck but I have made the payment days ago. How long until the payment will be applied to my account?
Tell me about medieval war engines.
get rid of everything on my calendar
i need a rental car for sfo from friday to saturday
i need to know what my limit is on my american express card
are there any status updates on cnn news facebook page
PDA, What happened on July 4th 1776?
repeat song number ten from main list
please turn the lights off
Please check third event of 22/03/2017
i owe you one
i would like to know my income
what's the total of days i've taken for me time so far
olly i said call jack not jake.
My withdrawal was cancelled.
you are so smart.
i want to get reminded to clean my room
just flip a coin
show me what lists are available
I got charged a fee for transferring money.
oh no, i think you didn't understand me.
A fee that shouldn't be there is there after using my card!
do i have alarms set
What is the refund policy?
don't bother.
are you sure that is correct.
for how long should i bake the brownies
How do I reset my password?
are there any videos on how to repair my credit score
make a new alarm
Make my iroomba clean the living room.
Just set me reminders about pending payment of childreen school fees
try what you've just said one more time again please.
Please play my Top Music playlist.
hello, how's your day
what is the status of my frontier flight
i need you to set an alarm
How do i transfer money using my credit card?
I want to see the twitter handler of Samsung
Why was my card charged when topping off my balance but it's not showing up in my wallet balance?
change mountain standard to pacific
that's definitely true
Who I am meeting with on Wednesday at 4 pm?
i want to change the color of the lights
The ATM didn't give me the card back!
The app has rejected my top up.
what do i do to change my credit limit
There is a payment showing on my app that I didn't do. Will you please cancel this payment and refund my money ?
Why have you declined my card payment?
how many new emails do i have
all food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list
is it going to snow this week PDA?
Why was my card payment cancelled?
Turn on the coffee pot.
make the male british accent please
can you help me plan a vacation
what is the weather forecast for chicago
Can I have more disposable cards?
please turn off the light of the bathroom
what sorts of things are you into
add spent five dollars in my expenses list
yeah exactly.
weather
if i found a lost card can i put it back in app
My favorite singer is shakira
Open Pandora app.
Have a taxi pick me up.
I need to change my name what do I do?
how do i know when to change my tires
Are there any extra hidden fees for exchanging currencies?
how many transactions do i have on flower shops from last wednesday between 2pm and 7pm
oh no, you've done the task wrong.
you did your understanding exactly.
i used the last check so i want you to help me order more
start playing the hobbit
good looking out
search my calendar for birthday
I should not have been charged a fee for cash withdrawal.
Does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
that was useful, musch appreciated, olly.
i would like to know the amount of gas i have
change the lights in the kitfchen to blue
fantastic job, you did well.
brighten light
can we play a game of hangman
Weather conditons
why did my card not get accepted then
what johncena do
Are there fees for adding money using an international card
Send an email to my mom.
Is there a verification code for the top-up card?
find me a new place for dinner
Email Susan and write that
were you born in a hospital
PDA, Will I need sunscreen later?
The cheque I sent a few days ago has not been deposited yet, what is the hold up?
what is my credit limit
Can you find me a train ticket to Southampton on Memorial Day weekend?
Am I going to be charged for topping up by transfer?
I think there's been an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account.
check what said.
What are the reasons why a card payment would be declined?
turn off shuffle
set alarm at five am
turn socket off
please would you shut up.
nearest restaurants available at this time
who was in the beatles
What do you charge for physical cards?
buy a train ticket to
my card didn't go through when i was buying a case of water at walmart
I got a message that I cannot name X as a beneficiary.
set an alarm at ten tomorrow to remind me a meeting
resume the last played audiobook
I'd like to make post.
id like to get on the next train that will be departing indianapolis headed to chicago
What is needed to prove my identity?
you've done that correctly thank you so much.
can you book me a train ticket to bombay for tomorrow in any train
call a taxi company
it's not what i just requested.
Turn on Bjork.
do i have any cash left
what kind of oil do i need to get and use for my car
if i replaced my tires on labor day, when should i next replace them
i do not mind for whatever.
olly could you just cancel it please.
Explain what the pending payment means?
Is 13 november marked as holiday
remove mike stein from contacts list
how do i buy tickets for that
Where do you support?
will you stop.
tell me about yourself
Forcast
How do I receive more physical cards
Will you help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
add this song to the end of my led zeppelin playlist
how much is $1 usd worth in euros
get me tom's number
s1, will you please clarify more on your answers to me.
Who was the current prime minister of britain?
I would like to have a Mastercard.
Duplicate transactions appear on my account
i would like to change the name on my credit card account
what am i hearing on the speakers now
display shopping list
What is happening around here?
try it with a male voice
I can't verify identity through the app.
Do you also have this extra fee on your statement?
can you make the room brighter
delete from playlist my old english songs list
will you add what i'm listening to to my bedroom playlist
Can I get a full list of instructions for identity checks?
The app rejected my top up
Tell me what job I should take
I need to know where do my funds come from
i wanna know five dollars in yen and rubles
what's the status of my southwest flight
i hereby rename you felix
send a snotty tweet to bbc
i need help getting a w-2
can you book a train ticket for me under dollars
do not get this.
set me an alarm for 4pm and another for 5pm
It is too dark in here, increase the brightness of the lights.
please book a hotel in ny, close to brooklyn, on the 25th to 30th
My card isn't working at all, I need assistance. It's really frustrating.
which alarms are set in the phone
Is there a fee for sending out more than one card?
run the robot vacuum cleaner
produce a new register
what is inches in centimeters
Please note I like jazz and hate disco
say it one more time please
whats the current time at newyork.
what is the age of the ai
can i get the food to go
turn off media volume
what do i do to have my paycheck deposited directly in my account
when did i have my car looked at
what is the exchange to yen if i have 100 us dollars
currency rates
How do I top up my account with a cash payment?
I want to get a new card before my current one expires, how much will it cost me and how long will it take to get here.
what was wrong with my card yesterday
how do they say "who is your father" in german
do i have a game on april 7
who is the person you work for
I would like my PDA to provide all countries and peoples cultures and likes
turn on socket
no, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
what's the funniest thing you've got
What currencies can be exchanged in the app?
Where can I order a card?
what's my latest credit score
Is it possible to use an ATM when I am not in the country and make a withdraw with out extra fees?
share my location with sarah
longest river in the world
event remove
would you replay that things you said please.
Why was I declined getting cash?
Hey, I need some help figuring out way my transfer is not complete yet. My Landlord hasn't got the money yet.She should have received it by now.
play stuff you should know
tell me the expiration date on my visa credit card please
song next
am i your employer
i need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM in the city center but my card was declined. The transaction is still showing up as pending - please cancel it!
how do i check my rewards for my chase card
who's current music's author
Tell me the last thing I had you look up for me
what's the stock of apple
i would like to know if my visa card application has been approved
Can you drop a beat for me?
I would like to know how my friend would be able to send me money
change settings to how they were originally
share the nutrition info for french fries with me
I need to know what is going on. I'm attempting to purchase a flat and need the money to pay on my initial mortgage payment. I'm only getting an error. Can you find out what's going on and help in making the transfer?
What happened! I asked for 30 pounds at your ATM and only go 10. The machine lied about it too. It said I received the full 30 pounds. Someone better help me asap on this.
What stores will take my credit card as payment?
let my group know what my current location is
Olly, I watched the best movie. Please reserve me a copy when it releases.
Please play rock music.
in 5 days from today, what will the date be
what is the trending now?
how do i cancel my account
what would you suggest for japanese
Play the next part in this series
can you provide information on my income
I have to transfer something to China as fast as I can. How long will it take to arrive in China?
what's the time in china right now
Is Monday free after noon?
What currencies are supported?
Please cancel the transfer I just made.  I put in the wrong account number and can't seem to stop it on the app.
please let's do it again.
Send a mail to mike. Tell him we will meet today 7 PM for dinner at Coffee House.
how does it feel outside
my discover card expires on what date
"i"m headed out to lax and going to phl for a low price of $120 this weekend on the 12th
get me an uber to the napa winery
let the wife see where i'm at
will you please turn off the smart plug
I need to report a stolen card
how is the approval of my day off going
what's the status on my vacation days
I want to hear a good joke.
What fiat currencies are used with holdings and exchanges?
Read the message again
what is happening this weekend
could you turn off light
An item I bought had the wrong exchange rate applied.
can i get to susan's house with my current tank
yeah you get it perfectly.
i would like you to repeat it
tell me the funniest joke that was ever told
i think not right response.
Friend updates.
Make the room blue.
how many points did my visa earn
Why is there some cash that I did not deposit in my account?
Why is my card being declined at the ATM? I have tried multiple ATMs and i keep running into the same problem. Could you verify that everything is okay with my account?
i want to get directions to the closest atm
olly, look uo bruno mars
Creat a new to-do list
switch on the green light <unk>
What is 9 - 10
i'm making a purchase and need the help of ai
near by grocery
Which countries do you currently support?
tell your hobbies
Where do I find the virtual card?
change color of the light to red outside the house
are you sure that is correct.
How much is 2000 yen in USD
Open chess game
I need to know why my credit card was declined for top up? What is the deal here and why did it not go through?
How are you determining your exchange rates?
I don't know what pending transaction means.
What where the winning numbers of the powerball lottery yesterday?
remind me to order more soap
stop, i think that's not the correct response.
how does one go about setting up direct deposit
play magic run after thirty min
show todays news about migration
Why is there a €1 charge on my statement?
does it take long to get to yankee stadium in the bronx
what's the now playing song that we are listening to
my phone is gone
make your name jake
I don't know where a direct debit payment came from
i need to set up a reminder for myself
how good are the ratings for the french laundry
link me to jeff's email
Tell me about my events.
Weather in Leisure City
what've i spent on gas this month
oops, you don't get response correctly.
that is enough, stop it.
i have a meeting with sean at four pm on wednesday can you remind me
oh no, you gave me not right information.
How long does a European transfer take?
Can you please check my UK Account to make sure everything went alright?  I made the transfer a couple of hours ago.
sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
i want to start a new list of power tools on sale at true value
want to play a game
I have an outgoing transaction
I'm due a refund and it is not on my statement.
How do I verify my top up?
search google for how to set up direct deposit
Start the Dogwalking playlist.
I get paid in GBP. Should I configure this and if so, where?
i want to listen to soft rock
that was nice one.
you need to help me find my cellphone
How old is Tony Bennett?
i'd like you just stop.
Is there a limit on how many times I can use a disposable card?
eliminate the list kickball but make sure the contacts remain
when did i last have car maintenance
i would like to have march 5th's 5k added to my calendar
how old are you ai
when do i need an oil change
i will need an uber for 3 to go to jfk airport
My statement is showing an extra £1 charge and I am unsure why. Is there an explanation for this?
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
Will I get sweaty today?
remind me to get an oil change
Red FM chit chat auto tune
i would like to know my vacation days balance
how much you charge for exhcange
please put a stop on my back account
are you really a human
when did i go to the mechanic
Hi,  My money has not been credited to my account for which i have sent you cheque few days before. I am worried about the money please let me know the status.
I cannot find my PIN.
Define perpetual
does greece currently have any travel alerts in place
would you please pair with my phone
There's a payment that isn't mine on my app
How do I get refunded?
Start cleaning, robot cleaner
I transferred some funds but I don't see it
text chrissy, i'm on my way
as my visa got a high enough limit on it
do not really mind for whatever, olly.
Just let me know the important appointments with dealers over the week
do i have any new email
weather Fulton Missouri
What is the definition of a probiotic?
what is dollars in pesos
can you flip a coin and tell me the result
when did my car get looked at last
Hey Siri, inform me about latest picture updated by Priya Chopra on instagram
Do I have any meetings next week?
please lower the lights a little bit
05.02.17
make an order for noodles one pack make it as takeaway order
write an email about next week weather to my wife
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiary
does international travel always require a visa
My transfer keeps failing and I just want to transfer the money can you please make it work?
please play 1979 by the smashing pumpkins
I have a duplicate payment on my account
Where did my deposit for my source of funds come from?
Olly, please recommend a restaurant in Seattle.
find my shopping list and delete it
is logan a good movie to watch
i have how many tier credits on my caesar's card
may i know what is trending in facebook
Let me know about upcoming events
What's the time now in New Delhi?
can you turn my lights down just a bit
can you turn on pandora
I would like to talk about it.
what kind of music do you think i like
There's a debit on my account that I didn't do.
lets play
find the nearest olive garden that has take out service
Why was my card payment cancelled?
show me the alarms that are set
what's next on the list?
set an alarm for 9pm please
I'm going to travel, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
Describe headset
what can i do in charlotte
I made a payment that seems to be stuck. It's been a couple of days already. Can you tell me how long it will take?
top up google pay, is it possible?
i love hip hop
I am seeing in the app, some cash witdhrawals that I did not authorize.
Why is my withdrawal from the ATM still showing as pending?
how do i put in a vacation request
after this song put on metallica
i do not catch up with you.
what is the square root of 97
please explain space
How can I pay for top-ups?
how do i jump start my car battery
maximum kilometer to delivery
How do I change my passcode?
I think you reverted my top up.
give me the specs on the bugatti veyron
what's the calorie info for 2 cups of regular chex mix
Who else can top up my account
any travel alerts for south korea
please flip coin ai
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with card?
Please help me.  My card is missing.
i think it was not correct command.
s2, i don't quite catch that.
i appreciate helping.
calender says tomorrow is
Can I wait for you to send me a new card when mine's about to expire?
i would like to change the pin on my checking account, please
change my room lights to blue
do i need a sweater today
Define oscillate
how will traffic be at 7am on the way to my job
Does contact Mona has an email as well?
what's the recipe for fried chicken
I want to start a new list.
charge my internet bill to the corporate account
add a reminder to my calendar every year on this date
show me the train schedules to the metropolitan opera house
I would like to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service you're providing
who is Donald Trump
How can I dispute a direct debit charge on my account?
can you please obtain an oil change appointment for me
turn off garage light
Will any business take this card?
Resume jaiho song audiobook
where is the closest chevron gas station in columbus, ohio
flip a coin and tell me if its heads or tails
what are the steps required for making a vacation request
when will lettuce in the fridge go bad
what do you like to do in your spare time
Tell me who will win the next presidential election.
you are so smart.
what gas does the car need
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary happen?
would not really mind.
Google Michael Jackson
Start creating a new list
Send a reply to this email.
I sent a payment, but the person I sent it to says they don't have it
please let me know the time of train northern rail
not sure
can you hook me up with a meeting room on saturday morning at 10am
quiet mode four hours
Please turn the lights down.
how north need I go to see northern lights this week?
My account is  new  why can I  not top up
Why is there a fee for getting cash?
tell me the exact arrival time of train from newcastle to edinburgh
how many emails have i got since yesterday
please increase the volume of the music hips don't lie
look up how many of my days off i have used so far
tell me a joke
my mail
what is going on with my cash withdrawal? the exchange rate is wrong
Some cash I didn't get shows in my app
oh no, i did not say this.
before i pay my capital one, what are the most recent transactions i've made
What will be the weather day after?
can you start the coffee
what holiday can i expect next
i would like to know carry-on information for delta
hi, ai
find nearest train station
show rihanas bio
This debit is not my transcation. How do I get my money out back?
i'd like you check my last question please.
how hot are summers in gibraltar
will you check and confirm command please.
explain me further on what you have said please.
Can I use google pay to top up?
Add all RRCG events in March to my calender
I would like my money back for an item I purchased
show me rediff masala
Resume Animal Farm.
how do i go about getting cash for my card points accumulated
turn <unk> to green
i can not quite catch up with you.
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived yet?
Do you support any currency?
could you please check the traffic to our home
open vacuum cleaner
I would like to know how exchange rates are calculated when transferring funds.
I only got $20 of the $100 that I attempted to withdraw.
what will be the temperature out there tomorrow?
what is the stock price of hdfc
please would you confirm what i said.
any one will be good to me.
turn lights blue
I normally don't use ATMs, but I was in a rush today and had to withdraw some cash. The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money and now my app is not showing the same amount as it should. What do I do?
What lists do I have queried?
Show me the latest world news
find a ride to the bar
What's the earliest time to receive my card?
Is today going to be hot?
What does pro-bono mean?
how to get virtual card
change my clock to central time zone from my current zone
ai i have 4 people need to get to get me uber
Resume The Last Kingdom for me
Meeting at 8am to 12pm
Why was my card charged when topping off my balance but it's not showing up in my wallet balance?
what song do i play most
I have an outgoing transfer
why'd they put a freeze on my bank account
can you tell me the name of the insurance plan i'm a member of
play the romantic songs
is there air in my tires
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
play the young turks podcast
May I choose when it's delivered?
play lady gaga starting with poker face
do i have transaction fees when i use my discover card in rome
What is the process for activating my card and using it?
Make me a capuccino.
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
what is charles's email
share my location with brad and terry
please show my list
I would like to reactivate my card that I previously reported lost. I located the card this morning.
please tell me it one more again.
Set calendar reminder for noon titled lunch meeting
i need you to tell me what time it is in new york now
How do I receive a disposable virtual card?
give me the definition of the word armor
find shoe shopping near my home
how much money did i spend on food last month
cross volunteering off my todo list
Can you help me figure out what's happening? I'm trying to transfer money to a friend but it keeps getting returned. I'm not sure what i'm doing wrong.
i need to order more checkbooks for my capital one account
Where are the virtual cards?
rewind button
you did good work, thanks.
uh no, you gave me incorrect information.
please again elaborate this.
when will the match start
Do I have to top up in euros if I use a card, or can I use a different currency?
What cash stations take this card?
Whats the transfer process
I made a money transaction but the recipient can't see it
confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
can you set the alarm for 1:30
how will be the weather at night
WHAT IS THE REASON FOR THAT
yeah wonderful response to command.
I received my card, how do I get it to work in the app?
Lower audio!
Set alarm for 6:00 a.m. tomorrow.
i want to hear cool bee facts
when is the next office holiday
what's on your mind today
what are the upcoming reminders
hey today i was fired from my job
what was the problem with my card yesterday
please roll a 6 sided dice
I've been trying to make a transfer and it doesn't seem to be working. (5 times) What is wrong with your system?
Tell me the time.
when do i have to change oil
remove all the events on my calendar
check emails
email my friend about our plans tonight
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
i need an alarm set for 10:00 and another set for 3:00
what is on nov 20
would you check what i said.
My cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
now, i need a reservation for backwoods crossing at seven for 6 people
alexa update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail.com
When do I get my card PIN?
read me new messages from name
All music released between 1990 and 2000 is only to played.
skip to the next song please
What is the stock price of NIKE today
lower the light level in my house
how long will it take to get seated at needham's
play tic tac toe with me
i want to know what kinds of pets you have
i do not catch that.
remind me later
Hi, during online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today as well. Please check the issue.
i need to know when my mastercard will expire
I think my wallet fell out on the Tube today! I realized as soon as I got to my desk. How do I cut off the card?
Cortana, what is the time difference between here and Japan?
what is the reason i am locked out of my bank account
post complaint about service a
please play football with me
Guide me on how to unblock my PIN
start cleaning floors
email tom the date and time of tomorrow's meeting
Can I order a disposable virtual card?
get rid of item on the list
please notify me of my credit rating
create a reminder to give the cat her flea medicine
how young are you
convert one kilo to pound
i need to rent a car kfor one week in ocean city, nj so who has the best deal
can my car get to dallas with the gas currently in my tank
Please check the time
Why is my beneficiary being denies?
There was money taken out of my account, and I'm pretty sure I didn't do it.
flip a coin one time
how much can i spend on my visa card
tell me what a workhouse is
Google pay and top up, I want it, can I get it?
tell me what 1875 plus 3459 equals
I'm unsure of a withdrawl in my statement.
what are you, a bot or human
please tell me when my flight will land
do you have anything funny to tell me
Any incoming emails in the last five minutes?
Olly, open alarm and create an alert for ten a.m.
I do not see the money I transferred into this account
turn on radio
should i have my shots up to date before i travel to the virgin islands
will i need a travel visa to go to canary islands
have i gotten any mail recently
Describe the Heart Stone card game.
you are hero,.
What is the weather in Austin
skip this track
Space research
thanks for helps.
Still waiting on my refund...
i need ninety nine point five please
Why was I charged a fee? I thought shopping was free?
what day did i last take my car to the shop
House lights blue.
Turn on Pandora
i want to read yahoo news
okay thanks
What do I do about my expired card?
convert krugerrands to saudi riyal
Play me something pop
can you feel?
PDA change the color of the light.
Can the exchange rate change while I am in the process of making a withdrawal?
please check new email from andy
please tell me the location of the nearest target store
I need a ride in an hour
Do I get an actual card?
instructions to make a meal
i want to hear what said again.
do i have any new tinder matches
Can friends send me money?
Can you tell me what is wrong ? I top-up with you all the time but this time it just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
africa info
what time is alarm set for
How do I go about changing my PIN?
i don't know the answer to that
My app is displaying a payment I didn't make
post complaint about service a
Can I use a different bank ATM than my own?
How do you Top Up on the apple watch?
give me information on grub burger reservations
i want the light less bright please
please turn off kitchen light for me
please set the equalizer in the party mode.
delete all of my appointments with dr smith this week
I need to bank account transfer from another account into this one, what is the easiest way that can be done, and what information do i need?
how much will I be charged for making a transfer?
Are there unread emails in Gmail?
I want to get an item refunded
unsync from my phone
are you a real person or artificial intelligence
What's my to-do list for today?
I bought an item and now I want a refund.
hi google pls remove the dinner plan on thursday
What time do I have down for Susan's Party?
i need to find new insurance
let's hear a joke from you please
please set a notification on 23rd october about meeting with my colleague
i have a fraudulent buy from dave's video on my account
what are my bills this month
where is your home
i can't hear you and need you to turn up the volume
logan
oh it's nice one.
can't get what you've just said.
can you end the current process
i would like to request an uber please
PDA, I didn't get the product on time, send a tweet to JCPenney,
who's playing the oboe on this piece
Where can I get a virtual card?
I seem to of forgotten my passcode.
what are my recent transaction
what is the email address for tessa
play gaga playlist
What time is my appointment on x date?
Tell me what clothing stores are within 5 miles of me.
how expensive is google stock
what is the sum of eleven and ten
please unlink my phone
To add money to my account, what currencies can I use?
How can I get money in my home currency while I'm traveling internationally? I wanted to take it out of a local ATM but am worried that I will get charged extra fees.
what do i call you, ai
get rid of the five pm alarm
show allison how to get to me
play the next song
Are there any top-up limits that I must follow?
Can this card be used at all ATMs?
I can't find my card! Can you help?
what did jeff post on the yard sale page
book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
fresh list
can you tell me the price of google stock
i'm exploring a possible cycle flight from yyz to dublin for w to aug two
have i told you to add washing dishes to my todo list
could you please check the detail.
What's on my list?
i want to bring my card on the texas trip in june, will it be expired by then
i wanna know who programmed you
I completed a money transaction but the recipient hasn't received it
Will it cost anything to top up a US card?
how much have i spent this week
please turn off my smart plug socket
Please play this song again
add grocery shopping to today's to do list
clear this list
I received a transfer in GBP how do I change it to a different currency?
Please tell me how disposable virtual cards work?
Play IPL 2017
Read out my list for today.
i'd like to improve my credit score
you've understood command perfectly.
What are the charges for receiving money?
needing you to play the next song
what should i wear to the beach
when is the train coming
Remove list item
dammit, that's not what i said.
How far away is the sun
book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
Does the top-up need verified?
play classic songs
What events are on this month's schedule?
how can i find out my credit score
tell me a fun fact about tigers
Are EUR exchanges acceptable?
Play all Order of the Green hand from previous week
put picture on facebook
I have been overcharged. I just changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it was too much. It seems something was wrong with my exchange.
when is the next train to New York
what song do i listen to the most
I have transactions that I don't recognize - I think someone is using my card.
Tell me a joke, please
I'd like like to know where I can order a virtual card?
When I used one of the ATMs in the city centre today, I tried to take out some money, but for whatever reason, the machine declined my card. Just checked it out in my account and that amount is still showing as pending! Is there any way that you can cancel this transaction, because I did not receive any money whatsoever from the ATM
i can't remember if i added the fun run to my calendar yet; did i
I'm trying to make a payment to my new landlord. Even though the payment was sent a few days ago, it isn't clearing on their side. Can you verify that payment has been made?
i need to get a hold of my w-2 right now
I am awaiting my refund
Someone else may be using my card.  There are transactions I don't recognize.
give me options for indian carryout under dollars
I am having trouble proving my identity.
olly that is all, cancel.
My bank transfer is still not showing up in my account.
When I went to withdraw cash today the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash. The app is showing a larger amount.
Reply to Anthony's email
How do I find out where my funds came from?
when will my visa next expire
@nikesupport i need some assistance regarding some shoes i bought last week
will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee
that is unimportant to me, olly.
how is the traffic at jfk at 5 pm on weekdays
i want to remove milk from my shopping list and add bread
how do i dispute a payment I didnt make
what do i have scheduled for february 28th
does life have a meaning, according to you
Open my most recent email and reply
lower volume to half
resume audio
would you reset your factory settings
delete calendar events
meeting july calendar
send my location to sis
Is there a limit for top ups?
What is on the list?
will you rephrase this again to me please.
I have to attend a baking contest on Wednesday morning at 7. Save and set reminder.
please make a coffee for me
flip a coin for me and i call heads
Surrounding environment
check question.
change over to the female voice
What's the date today ?
turn off my smart plug socket
can you please turn off the lights in this room
what's the latest news from Xinhua?
exchange rate for converting ten dollar to euro
fast and the furious
when was <unk> born
i want the news about academy awards
can you remind me what i put on my shopping list
The bank machine didn't give my card back how do I get a new one fast?
how soon should i replace my tires from yesterday
Order pizza for delivery.
please activate my vacuum cleaner
have any suggestions for local italian food
Top up not available in my wallet.
i need to know the answer to 10000 multiplied by 44
open lists remove list
which gas type goes into this car
Show me the most trending articles for today
how much does a card cost and why do you charge me
what is US dollar today
How do I go about ordering a card?
how to make chicken tikka
Send me directions to the police department.
fantastic response to the command.
what time is the alarm set for tomorrow
is that restaurant crowded during dinner
has my mastercard application gone through yet
when is the next day i have off
would not really mind.
one and three pm are there meeting rooms open
What should I do if I think that someone might be using me card?
Did we get any update from the new provider?
If I need to cash foreign transfers, how does that work?
Do I have any new mail?
add oil change to my to do list
tell me the time when punjab mail will reach gwalior
I was charge a fee for my transfer, why?
i need to get some assistance figuring out how to rollover my 401k, please
What do you charge for an exchange fee?
is my reservation set for john at bardenay
make all the lights in the house orange
could you repeat that, please
read the ticket for tesla
I asked for a refund last week but nothing has happened yet, can you help me please?
i want for you to connect to my phone
What are the steps for my friend to send me money?
Did I get an email from Jen last night?
Do I have any appointments scheduled for March 24, 2017?
how do i find my location, please
ARE YOU SOLVE MY MATH ?
Remove my account immediately.
please try your last sentence you said once again.
Play chess app
a w2 form can be gotten from where
is my routing number on my account page
What day of the week is 16th
Where do i go to receive a virtual card
i need to pay my time warner cable bill
Is there a top up fee?
do a car payment from my savings account
What fee is included if I top up by card?
tell me my current reminders list
report the card has been damaged
How can I withdraw money?
Can you please help me in canceling my order.
add cleaning to my to do list
could you turn off light
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at seven am
Get me up in half an hour
Please turn the lights up to 8.
switch to red colored lights
order one burger
Where did the money I deposit go??
how soon before my catering bill is due
Play the Bjork album I've heard the least.
i no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
Will you be able to send the new card to China?
remind me of what i asked you to remember
play npr
What is my money worth in other countries?
This is a good tune, please notate file accordingly.
Can you tell me where to find top up by cash deposit?
what is the current time in chennai
is there a carry-on item weight limit
let's hear ninety two point one
I want to reverse a transaction I did this morning
how much is due for my water bill
get me to the nearest train station
Is there a way to see where my money originally came from?
PDA, tell me the weather for this week.
how do i report fraud on my discover card
I have dinner with my sister this Saturday
reply yes to this
I've got a meeting by tonight 7:00PM, please mute the music for an hour
can you tell me the date of my last check
If I wanted to change my PIN, how would I do that?
i would like to play tetris
so are you human
How to go to multi specialty hospital?
check all emails from XXX
angry bird
find recipe chicken casserole
Why would my card payment be reverted?
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
please wake me up at seven thirty am
by bus, how long would it take to get to detroit
Text an email to Donna. Hey what are you doing today?
Turn off the lights now
how long ago did i take my car to the shop
uhh no, i think you've done this incorrectly.
can you act and think like a real person
Tell me what I should do after my card expires.
please will you elaborate further on last sentence.
send an email to my boss
i need to turn the lights down
why didn't my card work
is it possible to take the bus to the brooklyn bridge
what are the steps to rollover my 401k
What is the fee on my card payment?
tweet a complaint to comcast
set an alert for two pm
What should I do if my card is stolen?
please say my credit card's apr
Do I need to order a new card if mine is expiring?
Is it possible to get a refund?
can my debit card be replaced quickly
i need a table at gemma for nine at two
Please play any song by Lady Gaga.
Set a calendar event
I do not recognise this card payment.
Are US credit cards accepted?
siri what is one american dollar in japanese yen
what is this charge on my account
do i already have a task on my todo list to research delaware
schedule a lunch meeting with brent on Wednesday at noon
Please set up a meeting with Jonh for Monday.
when the birthday will be
what did i put on my shopping list so far
Can you convert my this money into...
Is country better today or ten years ago
How long is the wait for a US transfer?
Help me figure out why my transfer was declined
I was charged a fee after using my card and I shouldn't have been.
I need a birthday reminder for tomorrow, add one
What is the refund process?
how can i say not now in spanish
find me some talk back radio
would you translate a phrase into mandarin for me
lets play pinball
that was helpful,.
have i received any mentions on twitter
I can still see money in my account after making a payment
what is the time difference between central and eastern
Please help me change my PIN.
My card's expiring, what happens now?
convert one dollars to rupees
This item should be added to the list
what do you put in avocado dip
for which reason was my card declined yesterday
how much gas does this use in the city
If I have a physical card can I link it?
i do not get what you just said now.
What do I do to close my account?
I recently deposited some money into my account, but it still isn't showing up. What's going on?
are there any meetings i have today
Please put FM channel 93.8
I was charged a fee for a transfer.
I am in need of some pizza, what's the closest place that delivers?
When will my transfer move from pending to confirmed?
What country has the most maple trees?
play the romantic songs
I prefer Mastecard.
please can you confirm the question.
Please, clean my shopping list
are you sure its going to rain tomorrow
Please explain why my transfer attempt was declined. Thank you.
what is eighty seven minus fourteen
What is the verification code for my top up card?
Which is the highest peak in the world?
What to do if my physical card is not working?
please spell doctor
i need to know the content of my list of reminders
can i raise my credit limit to $12,000
add juice to my grocery list
Why is there an extra €1 fee in my statement?
sorry but you didn't understand request right.
PDA, learn that when I say Mom, I mean Giselle Adams.
I need to reset my passcode, this one isn't working
Can I get my salary through this?
Cortana, what date is Justin's school play?
what is the due date of my bill
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
is the temperature going to be above 50 tomorrow?
when is the next train to glasgow from aberdeen
where is the nearest gas station
you are leading me into wrong.
My card is showing multiple charges for the same items on my recent statement. I was wondering what actions of needed to take to fix this issue
My transfer is still pending
hey siri tell me a joke
i will need my filter coffee in ten minutes please ask the coffee maker accordingly
how do i get direct deposit set up
on my statement there is a payment that I don't recognise
how many nutrients are there in a bowl of cereal
email rohit saying 'I am busy tommorow'
What is my source of funds?
it was nice one, thanks.
roll a dice for me
what is the weather in this week
s1, rephrase me further on it please.
Olly, book me a taxi to Leith in half an hour
The seller just told me he didn't get paid. After reviewing my account it did subtract the balance but now it has added it back to my account. I need you to please take care of this promptly.
i am not clear about the last sentence.
i need to know what ingredients are in a french baguette
Will you please turn the lights off?
i don't have an answer for that
march fifth is john's birthday please place this on the calendar
Why did I not get a virtual card yet?
thank you for your assistance
will my vacation be approved soon
What events do I have remaining today?
can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
I have a question regarding the PIN of the card?
will checking your credit lower my score
do you have any good ways to make tomato soup
can you remind me of the date
yes is my answer
Check my E-mail inboxes and tell me about new mails.
what experiences does kentucky offer
clear all data from calendar
Can I use check to deposit?
find my wife
can you place the sound on mute
I was checking my statement and I think one of my card payments has reverted
delete my doctors appointment this week
fixed an time for reminder
I want to know the stocks of Amazon
My card hasn't arrived yet. What do I do?
will you speak more rapidly
Where can I find a virtual card?
schedule taxi pickup for monday at noon
i know it could be either one
turn the room light off
update alarm
that is useful,, olly.
give me the 7 day forecast
what does my to-do list look like
Why doesn't my disposable virtual card work?
ask a restaurant in me area
count how many sick days i've used
i need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
The NFC payment wouldn't work on the bus today. Help?
what will be the time now in washington
is there any meaning to being alive
read me everything on my shopping list
give me instructions for an oil change
i need to know how to spell superficial
what were the cities affected by the earthquake
does bob live in france
i didn't get that, please repeat
How is IBM doing?
Is it possible to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you?
How long does it take for a cheque to post to your account?
May I get a disposable virtual card as well?
did you get my last command correctly?
change the lights to a different hue
I took cash and got charged a fee
current
which week is 23rd?
do i need to read any travel alerts for kenya
how many sick days do i have
i'd like to learn more about your pets
find that song that goes something like i'm hooked on a feeling
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of twenty three march
How may jokes do you know?
how to improve a credit score
i required a hotel room for 20 people from march 8th through march 20th in las vegas
here's an email address
do i have any appointments scheduled for march twenty four two thousand and seventeen
When is the doctor's appointment?
How can I reset my PIN?
where are you originally from before coming here
list alarms
how soon milk expires
There was an extra fee when I was at the ATM.  Why?
help me get my pin on my capitol one account changed to 3892
social info
what is the answer to life?
Please tell me the news.
i want to buy an iphone7
Can I have a Visa card?
i'm going to the movies book an uber for 6 people
how do i dispute a payment I didnt make
i would not really mind for any one, olly.
Help me terminate and close my account.
Stock price for GMB.
A percentage fee was charged to my withdrawal.
Can I use an auto top-up option?
someone stole my card
can i go outing without any raincoat
perfect response to command.
left phone at hotel, how to access app
uber ride available from here to downtown
check me out on the map
How long do I have to wait for a US transfer?
what's 50 euro in dollars
give me the time of the events
send flowers to my gf
what categories of questions can you answer
how do i cash the reward for city
I see a reverted payment on my account. Why has this happened?
cash and check deposit has not gone thru
well done, musch appreciated, olly.
where is the closest restaurant
What music is currently playing on 99.9FM?
i have my clothes list
set an alarm for seven am
cash deposit to my account has shown a red flag.
What's in my list of tasks?
i need to know today's date
add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at seven am
Is it normal to have to wait over a week for my new card?
give me the description of a smartphone circuit
It seems like I have been waiting forever for this international transfer. Why is it taking so long? C'mon, it's 2018, things happen at a click of a button. All of the account information is correct, so how long will this take?
brighten the light of hall
I want to read Yahoo news
how do i get a card if i am in the usa
i need you to help me with some math if you can
Why does my transfer say it is pending?
who can put money in my account?
incorrect command.
Check recent emails and tell me their senders and subjects.
what is the lowest amount i can pay for my insurance bill
Find the nearest Taxi
get me info on
I need a train ticket to denver
Please stop for a bit.
Pause/ resume
Take lunch meeting off my calendar.
i need a routing number
is one divisible by three
can i get a car rental in boise from april 11th to april 13th
Please book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
Is the road in some particular area wide or narrow.
How are exchange rates calculated?
what are the current lists i have
I'll take my coffee, black
make me a cooled coffee
I bought something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
My card isn't working at all. What happened?
do i have tortillas on my shopping list if not please add it
PDA, Provide me the alarm times you have set.
How long does a card delivery take?
initialize the robot vacuum
clear my 9 am alarms
should i air up the tires
If I want to can I set up a new PIN?
How much does it cost to top up by transfer?
i would like to have a cup of coffee
please, recite to me some good one liners
ten past seven
i want to have a new playlist of songs
Logan
how do you make dumplings
period the light should be in dim
i want to hear this radio station now
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in sweden
find emails from Bob about the bulldog
can you look into whether my card has good apr or not
Plant-based news
How many lists do I have?
i wish to know the types of subjects are you familiar with
can you top up your account automatically
will it snow next week
double cappuccino small please
make a catalogue
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
Why hasn't my withdrawal shown on my statement?
take the event called surprise party off my calendar for june 2
make an alarm to help me remember
send email to cat that i will accept job offer
What does a geranium look like?
start creating a new list
please play the beatles ps i love you
will rice be ok in the fridge for 3 days
book for me a train ticket to washingdon dc
Is it normal to get charged extra when i use my card?
skip to the next song
put some music on
delete my 6 am alarm
How do I sign up for a card if I'm in America?
what are my calender event
what's the meaning of rumplestiltskin
please show me a list of entertainment options in my area
please retry it.
is a walmart gift card one of the things i can use my credit card points on
I believe you charged me too much to exchange my money
add change filters to my to do list
Why is my withdrawal wrong? I took out $100 but only received $20.
Can I use your app to exchange between USD and GBP
what are good movies playing now
oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
Alexa, exchange rate for converting 1000 dollar to euro?
turn off lights in bathroom
please turn off only right side light
Is there a Mastercard ATM nearby?
i can't hear you
How do I add a card on to the app?
i didn't catch that say it again
music
what are my to dos?
I want to post on LinkedIn.
please disconnect from my phone
I'm not familiar with a card payment.
delete the list
What do I do if my Google pay top up isn't working?
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at a couple different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's a problem with my account?
alexa, buy a new television
I thought it was free to make a withdrawal. So how much does it cost now?
please make sure the volume stays at 4
Switch to my workout playlist
check on my health care plan
what is the answer to one times two
it isn't what i am searching for.
how can i find out what my tire pressure is
hey, how's it going
remove seven am alarm
Where do I get a disposable virtual card?
could you say that again
i need to play sims
please repeat what you just said
I recently bought something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect. Why?
please turn up the screen brightness all the way
i need an alarm set for five hundred and thirty am tomorrow
skip this episode
could you list out the information on book fairs in washington dc for next week
Can I get some help to get me card activated?
Show me Thai food near me.
what kind of insurance do i have
Do you know how to change my card PIN?
play the jungle book
What is the meaning of placid?
Turn on the wemo plug socket.
when is the upcoming holiday, please
what's new on facebook
help locate my phone
Find jokes on the web
If I don't have much money in the account can I auto top-up?
Why was a fee charged to me for transferring money?
i would like to hear what you have just said again.
update me on stock price of this company stock
can i eat the eggs i've had in the fridge since 2/21
can you pay the bill now
what name do you have saved for me
what's the interest rate on my savings account
would you please check it.
i want to listen to the new sam harris epsiode
What time is it in London?
I would like to know how to work out where my funds came from?
My app statement shows I took out cash from an ATM but I did not. What can I do?
how much is the euro worth versus us dollar
please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code twenty nine thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
does south korea have any travel alerts i should be aware of
can you tell me what twenty five percent of two thousand one hundred is
Errors keep showing up every time I try to make this transfer and I am on a time crunch,  could you please help.
smart plug socket off please
Why do I still have a pending cash withdrawal?
I don't know where a direct debit payment came from
How do i cancel my transaction?
My statement contained a one pound extra fee
why is there a hold on my capital one checking account
can you see if i can get a higher limit on my discovery card
I don't have any idea what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have double-checked over all of my recipient names and they are correct.
i want to know france's timezone
can you call russell
show me rediff masala
what is the date and month today
yeap it's good.
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that its not mine
Send email to...
i do not really care.
What are the restrictions to top-offs?
book me a taxi to leith in half an hour
give me the latest updates
I want to cancel a transaction.
i want to hear your last instruction you said again.
roll a 6 sided die and tell me the result
how's my interest rate
book for me a train ticket to new york
Is the DOW up or down?
What are the disposable cards restrictions?
set 60 minutes for oven please
how much gas is left
Please set a reminder for me to 'something' in 'sometime'
delete dentist from my calendar
What do I do if I see a cash withdrawal on my account that I don't remember making?
prepare my coffee
what are my longitude and latitude points
s2, do not get the last sentence.
turn on the tv socket when I arrive home
how did my bank account get frozen
start vacuum cleaner
what is the weather going to be like tomorrow
book a taxi for tomorrow morning
I am on vacation in Spain and need to change my pin.
what are the things i wanted to recall
i need to rent a car for may 3rd to may 5th in indianapolis and i'd like a mercedes
remind me to meet with steve at one pm tomorrow
can you tell me if there are any shots that i am required to have before traveling to south africa
How much will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency
do you have any dogs or cats
remember to play the next number on this particular playlist
automobiles
I took out some cash from the ATM but it is still showing the transaction is pending.
I'm noticing a payment/purchase at a company that I don't recognise.
On a card payment, why is there a fee?
I would like to close my account, as I'm not happy.
I think I may have been charged $1 extra on my app.  Could you provide some insight as to why this may have happened?
Why is my top up not completing?
does chili's have good reviews
please give me detail one dollars equals rs
what is the minimum i can pay for my light bill
yeap get that right.
what is the google stock at
Do you offer SWIFT transfers?
name a rom com movie playing in and around new york theatres
is there a room big enough for 10 people from monday to tuesday in manhattan
would it be possible to replace the salt with baking soda
I put some cash into my account but it's not displaying that on my balance.
what is the price of GOOGL today
how do i report my very lost card
Repeat this event
play news in fm
Do I get charged for withdrawals?
please would you confirm detail.
My card payment was not successful.
yeap good response.
do i have any undone tasks
set alarm for nine am
please check my coming up events
Make me a coffee please
Is there a fee for sending out more than one card?
Add email address iamironman@gmail.com
what's on my meeting schedule today
How do I see what fees I am supposed to be charged on my account? I've noticed fees on some transactions, but not on others. This is very confusing and I cannot find a pattern to what I am being charged?
I need to cancel my card.  There are a few charges from a couple days ago that I didn't make.  Can I get credit for these charges?
what you have said was not so clear to me.
tell me today's scheduled conferences from noon on wards
please change the lighting to blue
Since my pin is blocked, would you help me unblock it?
Do I have a sales meeting today?
what is the forecast
How does my top-up got cancelled?
can you tell me a joke about politicians
Can I have a third card?
emails from jane doe
what name do you prefer
can you check the details.
Where is Obama from?
This room lights off.
If I don't want a physical card can i get a virtual version?
Set alarm on 10th November for 9o clock
IS there a fee to exchange currency?
take bread off my shopping list and add milk
Tell me how to cancel a transfer.
i would like to receive updates about the stock market every day
A few weeks ago, a strange transaction was made on my account by a seller I don't know. I am quite sure I didn't do it and will like for you to check it for me.
Tell me differences about cricket vs football
Give me a refund
What are the limits for disposable virtual cards?
do you know how to spell curiosity
what is my current fuel level
tell me if i should use the train or bus to get across town today
what alarms are upcoming
yeah you did it exactly.
Give me a good playlist
security devices to robotic vacuum cleaners to Internet-enabled refrigerators
What is the current dollar to euro conversion rate?
what events are going to happen in my city between two four pm today
it doesn't matter for me.
it's excellent.
Make a note on my to-do list to call the realtor.
pls turn off all the lights outdoor
what do i need to do to get new insurance
My account is locked because I used the wrong pin too many times.  Please help.p
lemme know when you were born
area of north america
please will you just cancel.
when is the next time i'll receive a paycheck
what alarms are set for today
what's the time period till our next day off
what does kentucky have to offer for things to do
How much is the charge to top up my card?
i like alt rock music
what is the title of this song
i want to know a fun fact about pluto
play subway surfers with me
great job, you've done well, olly.
might i be able to apply for a new credit card
Can I use the apple watch to make a top-up?
I can't find my password
Set a reminder i need to wake up at 5 Am every morning
lose the last item in the list.
How can I edit my personal details?
one more again please.
Is it supposed to snow this week?
that was cool, i appreciate it.
i need to order checks, so can i order some new ones
Why did the ATM take my card and keep it?
i want to clean my bedroom put the vacuum on and go to my room
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there?? What happened to my money?
How do I interconvert between AUD and GBP?
tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here
olly will you please shut off.
i need to know when my oil should be changed
please go though the bullet points on my reminder list
What time is my meeting on Thursday?
i want a new pin on my card of private client account
can you schedule me a mechanic
could you please check and confirm the detail.
what does it look like
add bruno mars to my favorites
no lunch date tomorrow
How long will it take to deliver something to US?
please give me the traffic report for this afternoon
where is my pizza from domino's at
send a text that says hi to abby
which timezone is denver located
did you get my last command correctly?
What is the current forecast for Minneapolis?
play my first favorite song on loop
what is the current traffic situation
show me the transaction on macys
what kind of interest am i getting from my bank of america checking
If I can, I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa from you.
I got less cash because of the exchange rate.
what is the timezone for san francisco
is mysore going to be very hot and humid today whats the weather status
yeap you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
i want to learn to change oil
Could you create a new list for me
Can you play the last podcast?
What are the things make a woman happy?
search for nearby chinese restaurants
Start my audio book from where I left off.
What stores can I sue my card?
what is the list about my favorite songs
can you tell me who made you
can you disconnect yourself from my phone
please change the volume to mute
I tried to do a transfer but it didn't go through.
i wanna find a hotel with good reviews in phoenix
remind me about
yes you have gotten it exactly.
I am quite aggravated that I ordered online almost a month ago and I never got my package and I paid for it. I would really appreciate it if I could get a full refund back now.
How do I get this damn virtual card to work?
does the nearby chinese restaurant do delivery
can i change your talking voice
safety concerns for malaysia
who has seen my cellphone
Alexa, update the calendar with the last event removed
there were two of the same charge to my account
go ahead and play the song that goes like hey jude don't make it bad
is it going to snow
what is the routing number of my checking account at first national bankj
could you teach me how to jump start a car
can you tell me my cards minimum payment
Is there any reason my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
Something went wrong with my withdrawal. The amount of money isn't right.
what's the weather like right now
what's my day off request's status
Will I be charged if I use European bank card for top up?
I need to get a disposable virtual card?
what is jeff's number
raise lights
i want you to quit the action
you have done your understanding exactly.
At what cash machines can I change my PIN?
provide what is there on the list
What is the birth year of Barack Obama
wake me only after the sun is up on Sundays
please clarify once again.
that is not so clear to me.
thank you for doing it, olly.
what family activities are happening in los angeles tomorrow
what country do you consider yourself a citizen of
can you make dinner for me
tell me today's date
s1, rephrase me more on it.
can you text marissa and tell them to stop calling me
that is excellent.
hollywood
I want to hear Metallica on my rock playlist.
Go to www.metronorth.com for train tickets
I've got a problem - I purchased an item maybe a week or two ago, but to the payment came back to my account! I've already got what I ordered, so why are the payment funds showing up in my account?
begin playing the audiobook beauty and the beast
speak all items for to day
can you verify my reservation under steve for friendly's
I made a payment but it's still pending
anything else left on the list
start my bible study book again
give me the time in london
Remind me about next meeting in advance.
yeah you've got my instructions right.
you got that right.
i need to pair this with my phone
Send this message to @Microsoft on Twitter
check the current playing music title
what is the spending limit on my visa
All emails received between 10pm and 7am everyday is to be replied.
Can you explain more about why should I verify my identity?
Balance is not up to date.
i have a revolving store card and defaulted so will my fico score be affected
you have got the answer exactly.
I need to move money to another beneficiary. Why is it not working?
start play recently added playlist
shit, i didn't say that.
What can I do if I lost my card?
Show us red.
i am fine
Cancel appointment for 3rd of April
how long does delivery take?
Latest movie releases
will you please rephrase me further on that.
i think you've understood me wrong.
Hi google, change the color of lights in my room to red.
How do I request a disposable virtual card?
pencil me in for sarahs birthday thing on the 12th, PDA.
Set reminder for meeting with John on Wednesday at 9 am
show me my contacts
go back to the midnight series
i want you to send a text message for me
play the next episode of drunks and dragons please
Can you do exchanges of EUR?
Can I transfer money to a beneficiery?
can you turn up the volume on itunes
Why did the bank reject my transfer?
i need you to reserve a table for 4 at red robin under the name kevin at 7
restart american gods
please show me weather on monday
are bananas already on the list, if not go ahead and add them
how low is the pressure in my tires
what kind of insurance plan am i in
delete all lists
i'd like to share my location with stephanie
You'll be able to turn that device on or off using your smartphone or tablet
olly shut off please.
yes the command was confirmed.
i wanna order some more checks for my checking account
how can i track the progress of my credit card application
post to facebook at the spa yay with a smiley face emoticon
What is the maximum number of transactions I can make with one card?
you need to skip this song and play the next one
i lost my phone, can you help me find it
please set up a reminder i need to remember to ask about work
please would you reset.
How can people transfer money to me?
Fix my contactless
i think that's not the right command.
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
How quickly can you get me my card?
i want to cook pasta in american style show me how
check my social networks
who were you made by
play next
pls turn on my balcony lights
Help, I need to top up my account. Where do I send a check?
It's been more than a week since I had a return charged to my card, why hasn't it showed up?
How cold is today?
What is your check-cashing policy?
volume control please
what's the best italian restaurant in atlanta
it was helpful, appreciated.
I didn't receive the right amount of cash back
Olly I'm looking for some dress shows, can you find clothing stores within 1 mile
how about you tell me a joke
PDA, how long does it take water to boil?
get the cleaning on
i want to hear what you have said again.
repeat song number ten from main list
that doesn't really matter to me.
mute volume
hips dont lie thats the song i would like you to play for me
Can I go ahead and use my account even though my identify hasn't been verified yet?
i lost my card how do i report it
Olly, can you describe to me a bike?
radio please
it's possible that it could be either
yeah you did it exactly.
I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you if that's possible.
book a train ticket to charleston west virginia eight am
play the song called wreckless love
find joel osteen's broadcast on sirius
post a new status on facebook saying that i am enjoying the nice weather
Can someone please tell me how much I can top-up?
how high is the quality of this stone
what is jeff's number
next episode in podcast
please can you shut off.
would you replay please.
how many bags can i carry-on
tell me what the word organism means
tell me something interesting about outer space
tell me something neat about slinkies
what does a sea lion look like
Olly, tell me the exchange rate between the Euro and the dollar.
is it a short time before i receive my new credit card
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
what are delta's carry-on restrictions
I was at the store earlier and my virtual card didn't work. What's the solution for this problem?
traffic
My new card is here, what's the process for activating it?
tell me something amusing
Play EDMs
How long will it take to urgently transfer something to China?
I am not able to see the card PIN anywhere?
Any cultural events in california?
What are my plans for the month of May?
Please add note to this file, good tune.
can you book a train ticket for me under $100
i like you confirm last thing i said please.
block my american saving bank for now
please turn the lights up
i need to know somthing funny
let me know when the next cold front is expected
Tell me the last message
What is a virtual reality headset?
When's Mark Lanegan's next album out?
i need to send a text
Can the card was sen to me be tracked?
i just want to be you friend
cancel my reservation for 3 at carlos jr
Siri, shuffle playlist
pleas reply to the mail of allen
what are trending topics on twitter right now
Where can I exchange my money for EUR?
before i embark on a trip to europe should i get more shots
s2, i am not so clear about what you have said.
How many states are there in the United States?
can you tell me who created you
how do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
I think that there is a payment on my card that I did not authorize.  I don't recognize the name attached to the transaction.
show new emails from katey
please change the song now
I don't have the means to prove my identity.
how would i say love in french
please increase your speaker volume
Who can send me money?
set my coffee machine
Does Olive garden have take out?
currency exchange
please book me a taxi uber
what should i do this weekend
where is my meeting at nine am
Turn the volume up
what are ways to improve my credit score
How can I dispute a direct debit transaction?
prepare a cup of coffee for me
Please, cancel all my events for today
Play me this mornings show from 101.9.
is my car due for it's next oil change
sorry but you have messed up with the request.
locate my package
Save settings
turn off whisper mode
What can I do about some payments on my card I didn't make.  Please put a freeze on my card till we can figure this out.
play for me american idol show
inform me as to the plug type of the country
mute for fifteen minutes
can i get takeaway from arby's
Is there any concerts taking place in new York today
can you please remove the alarm
call my phone, i can't find it
I believe i was charged for making a withdrawal after i went grocery shopping. Are you guys charging for this now?
i would like you to change the settings back to factory default now, please
where is ToNa?
tell me how many calories in a medium size apple
Can you shut everything down?
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with southwestern to tampa
I see money go out that I didn't withdraw.
Start next episode playing
i cup of joe would be nice right now
Find new Trump articles but not from Fox News.
tell me my credit raing
would you explain me about your answers once again.
I've got charges on my account I did not authorize. Can I get this money back from the last couple of days that it's been coming out? I also need to freeze my card.
I cannot get my virtual card to function.
send me a wake up alert at seven am tomorrow morning
add my opinion to this song: great
So earlier I went to an ATM and got cash. But when I checked the app, it states that the withdrawal is pending. How can that be when I have the cash on me?
should i contact customer support if i can't edit details
how many numbers are saved for alex
i want a timer set
place family phone on instagram
can you share my location with mom
want to have vibrant colours
PDA what is skynet
How far is it from Tokyo to Dallas?
How can I speed up a transfer?  Mine is pending.
I don't have a password.
Have I gotten any emails in the last couple of days?
What are the charges if I exchange foreign currency?
what is the square root of ninety seven
email my mom
sorry, i didn't hear you, can you say that gain
tweet 'im complaining about...' to consumer serrvice
Is there a way to find an ATM around me?
check my agenda for today
I attempted to use my card while I was intoxicated, and I failed to input my PIN, and the machine kept my card. How soon can I have it back?
What's wrong with my ID? I can't verify it.
can you please let me know when next my tires are due to be changed
i'd like more checkbooks mailed to me
have you heard any good jokes lately
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know why
how much money will i get or owe on my federal tax return
Where can I sign up for a virtual card?
Brew some coffee
How about you save this music?
i like justin beibers music please play it
help me move my money
How soon will I get my card?
find out the public holidays this month
Please provide me a list of ATMs that accept my card.
My transfer failed, why?
how many times did ben email me
Salary in GBP has been received, does it need to be configured elsewhere?
What ATMs take this card?
does chili's have good reviews
could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
what is traffic like
order a latte from starbucks
i'm cooking an egg, timer for 3 mins
i would like to have a sushi can you order me a lunch
What is the location of Moldova?
Can my children have an account?
What are the train times for today?
I tried to do a transfer but I got a message that it was declined.
i want an italian meal suggestion
Hi, I checked my transactions and saw that I was charged twice during a restaurant visit. I would like to get my money back.
raise the volume to fifty
Why does top-up need to be verified?
i want to know how many days off are listed on my time off sheet that i have taken this year
Fetch me the phone number of  Alexander.
i didn't ask for this.
set a reminder
Is tomorrow a holiday?
PDA name: ask @nsa why they are spying on me and post it on twitter
turn my lights to some random color
hey siri what is in the world news right now
i like you check it please.
When will my top up process?
do have any new email
please remove list
do i need to wait for my card before i get pin
uh what does the current date happen to be
Olly, find out if KFC delivers, please.
is there email id of john in the list
ordering food
Are you going to charge me to top up my card?
I was recently mugged and would like to know if I have to have access to the app to use your services and how I would go about setting up your services on a new device belonging to a current user?
PDA: Read back what I put on my to-do list for this week?
Where can I get a good burger within 5 miles.
Why hasn't my top-up gone through?
this is of no importance, olly.
add every girl life by evelyn mayer to the must read list
check and confirm my last question.
do you know who i am
My card payment has been declined
Make me understand why I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM.
Olly can you change my timezone to central?
what is the name of that song that just went off
please make me some coffee
How do you determine exchange rates?
can you turn this down
never mind.
i want a recipe for roasted veggies
do i need to pay for delta carry on
i would prefer not
Any recent mails?
Am I allowed to transfer money to a beneficiary?
transer $800 from my checking to savings account
open tic tac toe
What is the fee if I use a European bank for a top up?
Where did the extra fee on my statement come from?
have i received any emails from my father
is there bad traffic on the highway right now
Do I get a real card?
In my account I noticed my ATM withdrawal is still pending
I need my card as soon as possible.
what is this person's contact information
can you tell me how much gas is in my tank
i want to try a meal from ireland
book a ticket to paris on eurostar at five pm this Friday
What is happening with Brexit today?
I want to replace my current PIN.
could you please tell me, my wells fargo account, is there a hold and why
Please make a reminder for Friday at 6 p.m.
start the oven
How can I make your day a little better?
I've already topped up, but I cannot see the funds being available. What happened?
please tell me what i pay in taxes
what's my total point number on my mastercard
I want information about the source of funds.
I did not get the item I ordered.  How should I go about this?  Should I just cancel my order or my payment?  Please help me.
if i'm planning to go to the uk, do i need a visa
use my checkings account to pay the electric bill
Is my salary eligible for this?
I believe my money did not go through with my top up, was there a problem on your end?
where is kansas located
what does my commute look like
what is the minimum i can pay on my gas bill
please remove all the appointments marked in the calendar for past 5 years.
My card is not working at stores.
have i received any emails from beth
Find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
is it acceptable to swap marinara for alfredo
find hotel order food name
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
please run a timer for me
tell me all events for today in my city
Could I reactivate my card please, I couldn't find it but it turns out it was in my jacket pocket.
set temperature to 75
Why did I get a fee for getting cash?
turn off living room lights
turn the volume up
Show me timetables for trains going from Prague to Brno
change my amex pin to 1234
events in the local are?
how much can i use on my visa
The top-up is pending.
How warm is it in Columbus, Ohio?
Open up tetris.
spell the word aaron
my card got declined; why
My balance doesn't show my deposit.
Olly, I would like to have a cup of coffee.
set alarm for tomorrow at two pm
Where can I get my card at?
What is the purpose for the identity check
My day is going well, add a memo.
What is the first Metro to DC?
My statement shows a strange direct debit.
i wouldn't mind for any one.
check inbox for mail from sarah
Why couldn't I transfer funds to my beneficiary?
did i get an email from sarah
press play on the radio
I believe that a card payment I made was cancelled.
yes perfectly.
i need to make a list of bills that are due
My card payment has had the status of pending forever. What is the issue? It should have gone through at some point.
uhh no, incorrect command.
do i have anything to do march 2nd
can i reserve tables at the new york restaurant
Tweet complaint to American Eagle customer service.
resume my audio book from karl pilkington
can you translate i love you into french for me
Download Duncan Trussel's latest podcast.
what's the calorie count for tuna casserole
schedule lunch at tomo in arcata california tomorrow at noon
Why was my account assessed a fee for an ATM transaction?
Tweet to the BBB that Burger King is too expensive.
What is the definition of organization?
cross out bananas from my shopping list and put papayas on it, please
The exchange rate is incorrect for something I bought
i heard that opening a new account will decrease my credit score, is it true
it's useful, thank you.
When do I have that test?
Best paid jobs in digital marketing in my area
what high school did halley barry go to
look up zesty in dictionary
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
please dim the lights in the bedrooms
Why didn't my transfer complete?
you've done it right appreciated.
how heavy is traffic now in denver
am i the one you work for
set alarm for noon
please see see for me the alarms that you have set sunday morning
For the identity verification, what do you need?
would you try the last one spoken one more time again please.
give me a current traffic report
How do I perform identity checks?
I would like to top up my account automatically. How do I do that?
HELP! I tried to get cash and it gave me some, but not the right amount!
how do i switch 401k companies
My identity has been stolen. I still have my physical card but there are charges I didn't make on my account. How do I cancel this card or dispute the charges?
Tell me about
Why is there a direct debit payment on my app that is not from me?
Are there limits on auto top-up?
what do you do?
what would be the best way to deal with lost luggage
do i have any private messages on any social media
send email to bro and say hi come down for dinner tonight
The ATM did not allow me to withdraw
do i have banana in my shopping list
Remind me to have launch with boss today at 1 pm.
i need to know how much money i have in all of my bank accounts
how much is twenty two usd in euros
let's do it again.
is there any grocery nearby?
can you check and see if my account's blocked
what can i ask you, ai
oh it was great one, olly.
when was my last car service date
what is the definition of this
play next song
i think you messed up with my command.
What are the steps to get my card back that was kept by the ATM?
read me some interesting information about cats
Add this song for the next playing song
When is Easter?
raise the volume of the speakers
i need to know when i will next have the day off
brew me some coffee
Is there any way to Auto top-up?
set a repeating reminder alarm for the facebook event i have to attend on seventh april
play the next song instead
would i need a travel visa to go to the congo
Tell me what's on my Holiday list.
Hey, I would like to know some key facts about X
Turn off porch light.
show me nearest theatre
what time will my alarm go off today
report the current time in oakland
what's the funniest thing you know about artificial intelligence
name a few good steakhouses in chicago
maths solution matters
Answer email
Is it sunny outside at this moment?
Do I have any emails from today?
My cash deposit hasn't posted to my account.
To go food, louies
atm ate my card
oh no, you've done the task wrong.
get radio
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and canadian dollar
increase the volume
thanks but you have understood this wrongly.
can you please check my last question.
what is the weather outside
Hello, there seems to be a billing mistake associated with my account.  My app was charged $1 more than it should have.  Could you please explain why this may have happened?
We had great dinner today
remove this list from the others
My card still hasn't been delivered
i'd like you check details please.
Can you book a train ticket?
please post happy birthday usa on my newsfeed
Inform me about the latest news of Donald Trump.
do you mind informing me the status of my southwest flight
I was overcharged at an ATM while on vacation. I needed cash so I had to use it, but your charges are outregous and I wish I would have known beforehand.
Please define the word bleak.
what kind of mpg does this car get in the city
what is the amount of pto have i used
If I bought something I didn't like, can I get a refund?
please will you check details.
do i have any meetings on my schedule today
how do i switch out my oil
what do they call you
Where are the cards delivered to
May I order another card?
s2, i am unclear about what you have just said.
what concerts are due nearby?
Can I exchange currencies with this app?
can you tell me something funny about science
what age are you
do i need to pay my credit card bill already
Give me my card, I need it now!
what's on my calendar for march 20th
please play next episode of bbc history podcast
What am I going to need in order to activate my card?
does not really matter with me.
how's the weather today
start a match of chess
uh no, that isn't what i requested.
get a message to my bank that starting the 14th i'll be in canada
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets
Do I have the reply from Charlotte relating to yesterdays enquiry?
can you recommend for me when to next get my oil changed
Where do I get a virtual card?
What flat currencies do you use for holding and exchanges.
what is the price of apple stock today
thank you, olly.
make my iroomba clean the living room
Is there a reason why top-up needs verifying?
what day are we in
yeah you have got my instructions right.
How can I fix my card if the contactless function didn't work this morning?
What can I and can't do with the disposable cards?
is gus's a take out place
do you know what company were you designed by
which week is twenty third
what would the word for grass be in finland
will you once again explain me on your words.
I do not understand why there is a pending 1£ charge on my statement, I do not recall making this transaction. Can you please tell me what this is about?
set up a direct deposit
Convert current time from GMT to EST
How can I get paid in a different currency?
i really appreciate your help, thank you
New event, breakfast meeting, WM Mason Room, 9am
Do you have an age limit?
i wouldn't really bother.
Tag my tweet to provider
give me the time in pst
what song in the theme song for frasier
can you make your accent british male
What are Interbanks current exchange rates?
hey call the nearest chinese restaurant for a takeaway
how many new emails since i last checked
What do I do if there is a direct debit on my account that shouldn't be there?
did anybody post on facebook today
I asked for a refund but its not here yet
if something is 15% off $35, how much is it
can you turn up the volume on itunes
this new email should be added to my contact
Please pause yourself.
i need to add this new contact for sam smith ssmith@yahoo dot com
Please alert me a day before Jeff's birthday.
I want it to remember my preferences and recommend me things based on them when I ask.
what's the time in China right now?
what are ways to utilize my credit card points
Seems like my top up has been cancelled
whats the time?
can you look up train ticket prices for me
Do I get charged if I am receiving money?
My cash transaction isn't showing on my account
what is i. b. m.'s stock worth
i don't really mind for whatever.
Let me know when I am three days out from this event in my calendar?
what do they have going on for festivals downtown
how is the traffic situation in houston street
call and make a 5:45 pm reservation for jason rogers, table for four
Why is the purchase I made this morning still pending?
forward email
So I've been using my account frequently to manage payments for my vacation house in a different country, and now I'm getting hit with ridiculously high fees! What's with that? Ought not I be rewarded as a frequent user?
Look up contact info for the complaint line of Comcast.
My statement shows an extra fee - what is it?
PDA: Play rock playlist
what is 1000 plus 745
open my notes
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and cad
How much does Nestle company cost?
How many runs did Cheteshwar Pujara scored yesterday?
Search in the web for buying bakeware for muffins
i need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
My PIN has been blocked.
what are the things you like to do for fun
How can I unblock a blocked pin number for my account?
I have one of your cards already, how do I link it?
order takeout pizza from domino's for seven pm
How many ounces is in a quart?
Olly, add meeting with James on March 2nd at 2pm
buy everything on my list
Please recommend a movie
post complaint about service a
what's the required fuel type for my car
can i get the definition to ambulance
please look up the this cars mpg
switch the lights to blue
wouldn't know.
raise the volume
I would like a  physical card sent to me.
What's the time for neighboring city
just a joke here or there
who am i meeting with later?
will you have the vacuum start cleaning
I tried to transfer money but it said it wasn't possible? I've done this before and it worked why isn't it working now?
Where did the extra fee on my statement come from?
Does Bob live in France
what is the title and artist of this song
Can u turn off wemo plug socket
What foreign exchange rate will I get on weekdays and on the weekends?
What is the identity verification process?
what street is this
I was wondering how long does it take for a payment to go thru? It seems my last payment is stuck and hasn't moved.
How does it feel outside?
When does my alarm go off?
do i have enough fuel to get to orlando
Can you play some Jazz
show me what the ingredients are
Please let me know when is Sam's birthday
i no longer need my reservation with carl at umami
facebook info
how old was elvis when he died
Why won't my card accept any transactions?
please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
set up a new reminder to alert me when it's time to put the trash out
I need to get a ticket via train to Orlando from Hollywood.
Olly List saturday night events near current location.
Tell me a joke about lawyers.
Can I use as many top-ups as I want?
can you open the reply inbox
would you shut off please.
how are the ratings like for buffalo wild wings
would it be accurate to call you a bot
if i lose my credit card, will i get a replacement immediately
Is my new card activated?
any good fast food items
I dont have identification
what is the current time in delhi
wouldn't care, olly.
remind me to pick up john from the airport tonight at eight
tell me how long until the next day off
please play my taylor swift mix
what is the current central time
I don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
how do i get my check directly deposited
rock playlist please
newest world news
Where can I get a second card?
does applebees in trenton do reservations
MY CHOICE TO PLAY AN AUDIO FROM FIRST
isn't keith urban wonderful
I had a decline on my card. Why?
when was frank sinatra born
change my light color to yellow
what's the latest on stock market
decrease twenty percent
resume my metal playlist
how much time till the next time off
do people like chipotle
you are star, thanks.
How to order my card?
Download and save song of Dangal Movie
what ingredients are required for chicken noodle soup
is my routing number on my account page
How do I request a refund?
please remove the following list
Delete all upcoming yoga sessions.
i don't know how to jump start my car
play rummy
make the lights off
I think someone else is using my card.
i am unable to hear you can you speak little loud
will you add mopping to my to do list please
There is a strange payment on my statement. What should I do?
will you remind me of my gym class on my calendar one hour before
would you let me know the carry-on restrictions for american airlines
list the items on my shopping list
My new landlord says he hasn't received the rent payment that I transferred a couple days ago. I've already checked the account numbers and they are correct. Can you tell me what's going on with this transaction that the transfer isn't showing up on my landlord's end?
what is this person's contact information
How come my refund hasn't appeared on my statement?
resume the two towers audiobook
Why was my top up cancelled?
I was recently charged for withdrawing money from my bank ATM. How can that be possible when I haven't been charged for using it before?
dim the lights in my bedroom
why wouldn't you support american express? its a card i like and use often and i don't want to get a different one
Is the bank the only place I can change my PIN>
put a mail to sandy
whats on my shopping list
what is the smallest i can pay on the water bill
change house light colors to blue
i need to know where to locate when my gas bill is due
i need to go to dundee at five am on sunday by train
howcan i locate my luggage
what is on the shopping list
Can I mine for gold on any public land?
pay my water bill with my charles schwab account
olly that's all.
get rid of my dinner reservation
let us try it again please.
don't really know.
Do you support fiat currencies?
change the light in the bathroom to yellow
Olly, where Is the closest Good restaurants
PLEASE SET ALARAM TO MY MOBIL PHONES
what types of furry companions do you have
Please help!  I was mugged and everything stolen.  What do I do to stop them from accessing my account?
discontinue please
does pings have takeaway
How do I claim a refund?
How old do my children need to be to open an account?
I have an outgoing transfer
i need to know my total spending on amazon for november and december 2018
Is there anything special going on nearby?
How does the exchange rate work?
How long does it take for my id to verify?
can you shuffle the light colors in the house
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
what times do my alarms go off
are you able to track a phone
Who gets support?
How long does it take to process cheque deposits?
tell lydia and laura where i am located
please set the volume to 4
Can I have it be delivered at a certain time?
can you tell me the remaining time i have for pto
Olly I need to remember to get to the shops before they close
what is the traffic like on the way to north shore
alexa add shoes to my list
Where did my money go? I'm not able to withdraw it from my ATM.
Is my card payment reverted?
Need Information about events, before shift ends.
send email to Enalen, i'm going to send the files the next day.
I just looked over my statement and I don't recognize the name of a card payment.
i need to report that someone ran off with my td bank card earlier
what is the date when my visa card will expire
I want to email....
What steps do I do to transfer money using my credit card?
I wanted to know about a pending dollar that is on my statement.
I've got an important meeting this Sunday noon 2.00PM, don't forget to remind me
I transferred money and it hasn't come yet
Play my Killers playlist, please.
overhead lights on please
delete event for tuesday
who won the sports game last night
It looks like the exchange rates on my card payment are wrong
Why  am I being told this  transfer will not  go thru
repeat that
open up tetris
order pizza for delivery
Play me a game of tic-tac-toe
please play the early franks sinatra stuff i have
is there a way to tell if you are real or an ai
what are the reviews like for black bear dinner
what day of the week is first april
please go ahead and flip a coin
want to play a game of trivia
are there any exciting tourist things to do in boston
I got a cheque that I want to top up with?
Please remove the first list.
March 1 is Susan's birthday, right?
heads or tails
when is the next scheduled holiday, please
what's the latest news on donald trump
are the plugs different in barcelona
email David about the meeting tomorrow. David, can we have the meeting in the afternoon
put on the god of small things
i want to go back to the factory settings
Is there a verification code for the top-up card?
What time is the next train to Boise?
tell me how to set up a direct deposit
New calendar entry, meeting
Please let me know what time 7 PM is in PST.
tell me that one more time again.
i need you to convert nine am cst to est time
show me how to cook lasagna
Remove pepper from my grocery list
what is 35 times 23
yeap correct response to the command.
what's the nutritional info for potato skins
Remove x playlist
tell me what my savings account routing number is
you need to tell me my credit card's apr
show usd currency value of eur
what's happening in my town
there are errors.
repeat that.
I got mugged yesterday and can't use the app.
what do they call you, ai
Can you play my favorite audio book of Tarzan?
What does pending payment mean?
i think you didn't understand me.
olly will you shut up.
Can I order a disposable virtual card?
i did not catch that.
Where is the nearest smoke shop
Play Music Now from Radio+
lower the lights in the house please
Can I auto top-up as much as I want?
what ingredients do i need for philly cheesesteaks
what alarm do i have set for today
will you call and check on my reservation for john at bardenay
What currencies are used in your exchange?
turn the tv to on right now
I want to apply for a Visa card.
what is the updated points that i earned with synovus card
My address has changed.
power off the current
give me the latest updates
do I need to wear a coat today?
The ATM cancelled a transaction on me when I was trying to get some cash out.
What is the bbc's latest news
i enjoy listening to this song it really calms me down
please put dusting on my list of things to do
is an international visa needed to travel to z
can you let michael and julie know my location
what song is playing now
what do i do with a damaged credit card
how good is my credit score
What would Africa look like in 1000 years?
how much later is new york than la
Why didn't I receive the right amount of cash?
pull up the songs under slow
what health coverage do i have
Can you assist me with unblocking my PIN? I put it in wrong too many times.
please would you cancel.
Can I change my PIN without being physically present?
usually, how long does is the commute to brooklyn by bus
Can you forward an episode in the podcast by a minute?
What types of currencies do you accept?
Olly, change the color of lights.
When does the next meeting start?
please assist me in figuring out how to handle a dead car battery
The ATM gave me less cash than I requested
please find out the share price of i. b. m. in nasdaq
Play radio on 5.30 on tere nagme show
tell me a funny joke
how have megatel shares done last week
have i received any emails from my father
thanks that was really helpful
is there any traffic right now
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. SEPA transfers typically take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
I am tired of getting charged fees, and I have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
Olly, I had chicken for lunch and it was delicious!
how much is b. p. in u. s. d.
Play mindsweeper with me.
How do I receive a refund for my item?
what is the exchange rate between euros and pesos
has April the giraffe had her baby
today i had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart play me a nice song to the mood
can i substitute cream for milk
give recommendations for thai food
would you do it again.
please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
i'm having trouble remembering the pin number to my card
Will my card work at all merchant locations?
delete all lists
tell me the things on my shopping list
I want to reset my passcode, how can I do that?
lower the volume of the speakers
switch lights to red tone
I want to know which currencies and cards are supported, can you provide a list?
you can remove the play date from my calendar for feb 18, 2019
Take me to music player
how many gallons of gas are in my car
I received my card but not my PIN.
find out when my next upcoming payday will be
where is a good wine bar near me
How long do transfers take to show up in my account?
is it cold outside right now?
clean my entire calendar
what do i have on my calendar for march 11
recipe please
i want to know how to correctly spell cemetery
why would a merchant refuse a payment
What do I need to do to get a card?
where should i go for good thai food in las vegas
please delete my account, your services are not up to par.
what is the time in china
Is the birthday dinner on the calendar for Friday?
please play my cricket game
Who is the singer of this song?
please send an email to mom
IS there anywhere that a card cannot be delivered?
that would be all.
I used my card and there was a fee
book an oil change please
any runs on the west side
definition xy
really do not mind.
i just ordered food call and see it has been delivered
Is it possible to top up with Apple Pay?
open calendar and erase all events for all months
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
Is there a top up limit for my account?
is angeline having a new movie this year
Create calendar info for albert's marriage
darken
Even though I added money ey to the card, I couldn't use it
tell me when ninety minutes have passed
I seem to be having trouble with my Google Pay Top. Can you please help?
Enable shuffle
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, turns out the payment kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
i'm unsure
what's the deal with my bank account being locked
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train
Do you charge a fee for adding money in USD?
when's the ac bill due
what date is easter sunday this year
would you please confirm the instruction.
would you say that my card's apr is
please remove event name
What is the reason that my card payment was cancelled?
tell me the nutrition facts for shepherd's pie
what's the traffic like around the stadium
Tell me the weather in Shanghai
could you tell me it one more time please.
I get a "decline" message when doing a transfer
i have much gratitude for your help
y check engine light currently came on and i need assistance with it
s2, last sentence was not clear.
how much is my kill bill bill for
s2, that is not so clear to me.
please add an email to my contacts
is it payday
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with jet blue to washington dc
start fm 109
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
what kind of plug does the country use
what is a fun fact about dogs
can you roll a four sided die and tell me the result
I am under the impression that my top up is still pending
what is month in my calender?
Where can the pin be located?
how do you make benedict arnold
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email?
Play me my favourite radio show.
put on a pot of coffee
no, wrong answer.
sorry but it was not the correct response.
hmm, not correct.
prepare a coffee
How many cards can I have for one account?
can you again clarify what you've said please.
Give me a refund now!! I am still waiting.
i need a naughty joke not to naughty though
set an alarm at 10 tomorrow to remind me a meeting
can it takeaway from ammi biryani.
i would like to request pto for march 2 and 3
I want to revert this mornings transaction.
turn on the smart plug
show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week
what is that tax form that shows my wages and where do i get it
turn on wemo
I want to hear this week's Midweek Motorsport.
rent me a car in aiken on may 12 to may 16
limits on top ups
How long does a check take to show up in the account balance?
i would prefer your voice to be male
please add dinner with mary to my calendar on saturday
i need to change my name to something else for you to call me
is it safe to travel to bermuda
turn the light off
can you change to the male voice
Why wouldn't the contactless payment work when I tried to pay at the bus today?
turn off the light of my bed room please
Create a list for today's tasks
how is the traffic in florida
I am having trouble to verify my identity
what do i have going on march 2nd on my calendar
change color of the light to red outside the house
resume mind reading book
the transfer to an account wasn't allowed is there any other way for me to do it
do i get charged extra for using my card in portland
recipe for crabmeat
What's the temperature outside?
Why is a transaction still pending?
could you tell me one more time please.
mute yourself until i say otherwise
Send a response to my last email.
I entered a typo when I was transferring money and now I've sent it to an incorrect account.  This is so bad!  I need it cancelled now.
the time please
Do I have any new emails from Dan?
Why is my top-up still pending?
will you say once more please.
Why do I have a transaction showing multiple times?
Who is the person behind the song of Taylor Swift Back to December?
I requested money from the ATM and it didn't give me as much as I requested.
How long to UK transfers usually take? I made a transfer but it didn't pop up in my history yet. I just want to make sure it went through.
I put some money in my account the other day and it's not gone in yet, can you help with this?
Tell me the latest news from BBC sports
how long can i freeze tofu before it goes bad
Should I wear a jacket?
Why was my card payment reverted?
what is twelve divided by four
I need a refund on an item I have not received.  Am I able to simply cancel the payment?  I don't know how to do this.
Describe Death
what is the square root of four
I took out money from the ATM and it's still showing as pending?
reset the factory settings please
play me john's podcast
Hi, I want to inquire about my balance. Some cash was deposited and it hasn't updated yet.
On my app I can see that a direct debit payment that I didn't do, appears.
let me know when should i get my tires changed next
I need a refund and cancel a transaction on an item I purchased and i need it as soon as possible, please!
will you tell me my credit score
how far is the grand canyon from my current location in phoenix, az
Turn on my pandora radio
hey, what's new
tweet bad day at Starbucks
What is the geographical significance of India ?
where is the closest spot to order food for pickup
Is there a location where I can change my PIN?
Evaporated
My phone is lost.  What do I do to prevent someone from using the app?
how bad is the traffic
How do I top up with Apple Pay?
I have a new card and need to activate it
what's the current reward amount on my visa
did mark post anything new on facebook
Why do my transfers keep failing?
tell me john's phone number
can you assist me in activating my card?
Can you reserve me a seat on the train to Hartford next Friday morning?
i'd like you to use the whisper voice
change language to french, please
how many days until my amex card reaches it expiration date
say once again please.
There is a duplicate charge on my account.
how do i get to san fransisco by bus
I believe my card has been compromised as there's a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
My account shows that I made a cash withdrawal but I cannot remember doing so!
want 5 minute timer
can you set a reminder for the meeting
I am 16 and just started working at McDonalds can I deposit my checks at your bank?
will you check and confirm instruction.
do i have free time next tuesday to schedule a meeting
tell me what my day looks like today in terms of meetings
tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
olly please could you shut up.
Create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
i need a recipe for chili
How do I know why my card isn't working?
i need to get going at eight am tomorrow set up an alarm thirty minutes before that
How long does transfer from the US take?
app does not recognize me
that is all, cancel it.
I'm not sure why my card payment was cancelled, can you find out why?
How long does transfer from the US take?
Slightly raise the light.
Alexa, state the weather in our city
do i have a lunch on firday
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with my request.
how can i find my credit rating
tell me about my alarms
I transferred some money to my mom 2 days ago and she has not received it. I double checked the information and it looks right. Can you help me?
I've never been to that store.  That's a fraudulent charge.
ticket for new york
are socket converters necessary in england
Where do you deliver cards by mail?
how many vacation days do i still get
save settings
house can you make all the lights in the house blue
what is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
I have a transfer that is still pending.
direct deposit instructions
what is my meeting at 9AM?
do i need replacement tires if my last purchase was in june 2015
it is useful, thanks.
Olly, are there concerts this weekend in Chicago?
Can you see my new balance yet?
Is there a fee for topping up a card?
please let lisa and chris know my location information
next episode of nyt podcast
can you find my cellphone
did you get my last instruction correctly?
Remind me that I have a meeting at 3pm tomorrow.
Can I reset my PIN if it is blocked?
please set a reminder for me
where can i got to grab some drinks in west chester
how can i have my paycheck directly deposited
Did I receive any email in the past hour?
i have to go ai goodbye
New calendar event for albert's marriage
Find me the recipe for a cake
when is the bill cycle
how can i benefit from using you
My payment has been cancelled
good response to command.
Why can't I transfer my money into someone else's account? I should be able to do so right? Why does it keep rejecting my transfer? There's no reason, all my info is correct and the money is there.
is the largest ocean in the world the pacific
are you human
add a wrist watch to the shopping list
skip this episode
how many calories are in ice cream
when did i take to car to the auto shop
I have lost my phone.
play game
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
PDA tell me how to create a Will.
how do i make changes to my insurance policy
If my card expires next month, will I need to order a new one?
play tennis for me
If I have already completed a cash withdrawal at an ATM, is it normal for it to show as a pending transaction on the app?
Turn on the plug.
tell me about this person
will arby's offer takeaway
How can I top up my account by bank transfer?
Help!  The atm won't give me my card back.
Where are my funds? I topped off my car but it didn't seem to complete.
After I attempted a transfer, it failed.
up load all my podcast
Could you order sushi for tonight dinner?
what movies are out this week
how much money am i making
what you have said was not so clear.
I payed with a card and was charged an extra fee
play favorited podcasts on fishing
add this new email
please set alarm at 5 pm
make a reservation for two at olive garden
can you tell me if my credit card expires in the near future
euro usd?
what asian restaurants nearby offer to go food
light colour for study room
start a timer please
how long was bryan cranston on breaking bad
Cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning.
Play my radio station.
I tried to transfer some money and it hasn't done it yet - what's going on?
Can I top-up any amount I wish on any given day?
Are cards available in the EU?
Is the 1 pound charge I can see an error or an incorrect entry?
tell me the current dollar ratio for the us and canada
Keep mu up to date on the election news.
do i have any remaining pto days
get me an uber please
I'd like to have extra cards. Will I have to pay for that?
What is the process for activating a new card.
tell me what song this is
would you check and confirm the detail.
mileage of BMW cars
what does h2o stand for
please play some jazz music
Is there anywhere my card will not be accepted?
dim the lights in the bathroom
i have tried everything to complete a transfer but can't, what should i do next
bring up papa pear saga
I bought some things this morning but the payment shows that it is pending
There is money missing from my account.
what and when is the next holiday
tell me why my card was declined yesterday
How do I delete an account?
My card expires next week. How do I get a new one?
what is this fee for transfering
what's the preparation time for spaghetti
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
Say the time
we'll talk later ai
x has given me an interest rate, what is it
I have an unauthorized charge.
go to the next event in the calendar and delete it
i'm due for an oil change and need assistance doing it and also need to know what kind of oil the car takes
what is going on around here
set coffee to brew at seven am
Remove a list
at 9 tomorrow, set off the alarm
How long does it take for money to reach my account?
I am not being recognized by the app.
Why was I declined from getting cash?
need to transfer from one account to my other one
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to pali
Are there any top-up limits?
you are the best, musch appreciated, olly.
Where do I order my card?
Do you have info about the card on delivery?
Restaurant order status
what is the title of the song?
describe what a sphere is
alexa how much do you know about me
you've done that correctly thanks.
deactive the socket
start the radio
i need to pay my cable bill
$1 extra has been charged on my statement, why is that?
Tell me the time in London, England.
PDA please search for local events
Can you issue both a Visa and a Mastercard to me?
Please use shuffle
uber, i have 3 people who are going to union station
please stop talking
I do not like this, I made a simple transfer but I have an additional charge for doing so.
How do I go about transferring money into my bank account?
How do i transfer something faster than normal?
tell me what monstrosity means
i think you messed up the command.
If I have $20 how many Francs is that?
how long does it take to get a new credit card
Is this card available to Americans?
Am I scheduled to have any meeting today
It is listed in my app that I made a payment which I did not actually make
do i have enough in my chase account for a plane ticket
Topping up my card is not working because I believe the top up is pending
What locations are cards delivered to?
I want to top up my account with a cheque
what are the stock prices
open a new email to contact
make coffee for me
what's your age
convert 10:30 from GMT +2:30 to GMT 0:00
reset alarm
will the temperature be higher than forty tomorrow
can i speak to you in german
s1, please clarify me about this further.
can you tell me what movie has the best reviews
how is coca cola stock doing today
Put reminder to call Pawel tomorrow
I was mugged yesterday and they took everything.  I can't access my app.  What are my next steps?
Instruct me how to reset the passcode.
that's confirmed.
I want to change my PIN - do I need to be in a bank?
i want to travel this year but i need some suggestions
What is the weather like tomorrow?
I have received my statement but I do not see my refund, why is that?
Hi, Please help me to request cash back. As i have been withdrawn money from ATM, but i got wrong amount. in Application its showing the amount i have been charged through.
what is my next event
i must report fraudulent activity on my debit
i would like to listen to a funny joke
can you book a train ticket for my father
how do i say bathroom in italian
play my playlist 'party songs'
stock prices of rolls royce
I want to cancel my account.
i need to know if there are transaction fees for my visa card in canada
can you create a meeting for 3:00 on wednesday
what are the climatic conditions in that area
make a reservation for tuesday at 7:00 pm at cielo for 2
can the lights be turned up
For how many years was Abraham Lincoln president of United States
do i have to have a visa to go to denmark
email my friend about our plans tonight
would you elaborate again to me please.
is my wake up alarm set a six am
Turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my Dongle
can i find out my checking interest rate online
Can I already use my account although the identity verification has not passed yet?
please would you cancel.
Are there any discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter
how bad is traffic this morning
is there any chinese places in benton ar
remind me to water my plants every tuesday thursday and saturday
What are the charges for US cards with top up.
My vacuum cleaner should start between 10 to 11am everyday
what music genre do i play most
Remove old emails from trash
i need you to remind me to get something done
The transfer I just made needs to be cancelled right now. It was my mistake. Please help me cancel it before it goes through!
Facebook Status: Loving that sunrise
stop calling me charlie and from now on always call me chip
make an alarm 6am
i need directions to lowes in mount h nj
switch on the plug
do i need certain shots before flying to eithiopia
what is the total of 500 and 23
notify me an hour before my two pm appointment at the car dealership
are you human
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti
Olly, give me the average 5 year stock price of home depot.
Outlet on/off.
how often do you complete updates
My app is displaying a payment I didn't make
Why does my transfer say "pending"?
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
delete my alarm for eight am
Why is my balance still the same after a cheque deposit?
send an email with the address you gave me to jean saying meet us here at eight pm
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
What are the top-up fees for my card?
What did Kim Kardashian wear to London Fashion Week?
add event
delete my to do list
For some reason my card payment didn't work
is there anything happening nearby
Is cash good to top up with?
why isnt top up working
i want to hear the last one spoken again.
lower the lights in bedroom two
Why did I have to pay an additional amount when using my card to pay?
tell me all events for today in my city
what did you mean by that.
what interest rate am i getting from nfcu
today wore me out
Assist me please with card activation.
Cortana, when is my nexy dental appointment on the calendar?
how long do you need to bake chicken for it to be safe to eat
How can I change my information?
give me the latest updates
I want to hear @ song
what is the deepest point on earth
hi, how are you doing today?
can i get assistance with booking a seattle car rental
will pepper work instead of salt
i would like you check details please.
delete this email
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train?
mute yourself until i say otherwise
do visitors to japan need to use a socket converter
please let me know the morning alarm time for weekdays
send a request to this company to receive a refund
hey play me a popular country song
Olly, play a good movie on my television
How do I change to AUD from GBP?
i want to convert kilos to pounds
Why is top-up verified?
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
Please tell me why I am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
What are the ATMs that will accept this card?
Hold old do my kids have to be to use the service?
Can you tell me the time?
i need to hear what said again.
I want the speakers turned up high.
it was cool, musch appreciated, olly.
Why hasn't my balance been updated from the check deposit I made?
what is the plan for tonight
I need a quick transfer from China.  How long would that take?
Who is currently leading in the parliamentary election?
can you please check question.
what is needed to set up direct deposit
Can you order me a pizza today from dominos?
Play football match for myself now
Add opinion
can you go back to my original settings
how much is 5 us dollars worth in canadian dollars
are you able to help with booking a car rental in seattle
What is the price of stock for GM?
what are your favorite hobbies to take part in
what are they saying about donald trump on this topic
lists i have
what does adulation mean
What time does the train leave for chicago?
play x radio channel
How did you come up with your exchange rates?
set a neighbor party for next week
book an uber to the nearest mall in the next half hour
what's coming up this week
what do i have to do today
i need a rental car
can you tell me the meaning of life, please
Play kiss from a rose PDA.
What are these disposable cards meant for?
Can you tell me whats going on with my card it seems to be not working?
please power down
what's the meaning of my life
rm rf calendar
tell me when i have to pay my bill
reserve the closest uber
i do not know what this charge is for
are you able to help with booking a car rental in seattle
one more again.
the newest samsung phone
Olly, can you play Hunt for red october?
does this restaurant only do carryout
If I lost my phone, how can I stop someone from accessing my account through the app?
please start using female voice
what alarm do i have set for today
please delete the wednesday evening alarm
Why am I being charged for ATM cash withdrawals? The only reason I use it is because it's been free! Now you expect me to pay for them, and how much is that going to cost me?
Put milk on my shopping list
I would like to get some extra cards?
are barcelona plugs compatible
find an uber that can get me to the airport now
how is the traffic on the way to work
begin vaccum
Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
There has been a transfer pending in my account and I wanted to know how long it is going to take to go  through.
what sorts of activities do you enjoy
what things can't you do
how much time is a train to there
put this on my list
which countries have travel alerts
show me what i can do with fitness
switch the language setting over to german
What does the decline message mean
please give me the name of a few good options for places to eat dinner tonight
do i have toothpaste on my shopping list
I had to pay money for paying with my card.
What places will accept my card for payment?
you wrote what for my name
could you just cancel.
i'd like you confirm it please.
What is the maximum for top-ups?
play next on podcast.
what's going on around the neighborhood
Can I exchange to EUR?
will you tell me one more again.
What should I do if I can't use my card?
Update me on Washington Post
what is the meaning of fascism
Do you recommend any movies that are currently playing in my area?
when will my american express credit card expire
play gta vice city game
help me set up a meeting please
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
please run the vacuum
Can we deactive the socket
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
can you tell me what the white house is
Why is there an uknown charge showing on my account?
I can't figure out how to unblock my pin number. Can you help me?
what do i need to make authentic kimchi
I was charged the wrong exchange rate on a purchase
I have an odd payment in my statement
Where can I obtain my virtual card?
what's fun to do in thailand
i need a table for two at the havana at nine
How do I go about getting hold of a virtual card?
what kinds of things can i ask you
What is the payment in my account that I did not do?
how much am i going to have to pay in taxes to the state
I need to know your exchange rates.
How can I start using my card?
i was not clear about your response.
Why won't my virtual card work?
how big can a carry-on bag be
Hey PDA, Check email
Look up the senders and subjects of recent email.
Transfer was declined, could not complete request.
i could use a laugh, got any jokes
can you talk a bit slower please
what is the credit limit for my chase card
In the exchange and holding, what fiat is allowed?
I can't see a top-up top-up verification code.
Today is john's Birhday?
are there are any delays on my commute
tell about latest events
i can't get your answer.
where is contry x
i'm traveling to england soon and want to inform my bank
i finished my to do list
Where do I change my PIN?
go ahead and increase your speaker volume
when will the balance on my account change form a transfer
Please help me as my online payment is getting declined since yesterday while i am trying to purchase something online.
Recipe for Spaghetti
I would like it to be able to compute answers from search results like wolfram alpha does.
i would like to make a call to sal
how much time is a train to there
i need you to book a train ticket that leaves at two pm
play the two towers
turn off light
Is there a charge for transfers?
the command was wrong.
I want to mute the speaker
read to me the last messages in my feed
i need to get a flight out of tampa to chicago in a month for under $123
tell me what is on the list
My foreign currency exchange has been applied incorrectly.
Who is leading the Formula 1 race right now?
Start my play list.
delete the next event in the calendar
flip a coin, i call tails
Why was I charged a fee for using my card
I would like to tell my personal digital assistant is  provide me to more information storing
I would love one of the virtual cards!
thanks but you have understood this wrongly.
New twitter message
I just got a new card, and I want to know how to activate.
joke of the day
When is the birthdate of Taylor Lautner?
what is the definition of succumb
please read me my current lists
suggest food from italy to me
what date is the next payday
Sing to me
i would like you cancel it.
olly i would like you just cancel it.
How do i secure a top-up card?
where is place
i heard ale just got married can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram
Could you tell me what your exchange rates are?
you can call me sarah
what's the number of calories in a pepsi
Can I use my salary for this?
can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow
dollar rate at present
look up my fico credit score
alert me when emails about the bulldog come from Bob
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE CLASSICAL MUSIC FOR ME.
my 401k needs to rollover and i need your help
What currency can I use to pay for a top up?
What is five over three?
Lower the light level in my house
s2, i can not quite catch that.
Who is the better half of Obama ?
Play the Celine Dion song from the Titanic movie.
When was Dolly Parton born?
play wuthering heights from where i left off
Will there be any fees for top ups?
i was unclear about your response.
Complain to the restaurant about the food I was served.
how long is this?
what is today's weather forecast
make it brighter in here please
search for chili recipes
turn the lights off please
how old is tom hanks
movies with good rotten tomato ratings
play the song called baby shark
PDA, please turn off the smart socket.
Would I be able to top up as much as I can?
remove the event from monday
My card expires soon
What is the time in the Eastern timezone?
I want to deposit my check to top up my account
Can you please help me with this exchange?  I am trying to get crypto and the app won't let me.
Play my newest podcasts from Radiolab.
locate local pizza shops
What is wrong with my top-up?
remove all the events and schedules
Where in DC is that meeting at 1PM on Friday?
remind me of my meeting at 5:00pm
when will we begin to board my scheduled flight
draft an email to kailey about work later
For some reason, I'm unable to transfer funds.
dont understand why transfer failed
i need a funny joke to tell sam
Did you hear about
Current status of take out order
delete my shopping list
book me a taxi
can you please switch off the lights
what sorts of things am i able to ask of you ai
show me my husbands facebook posts today
could you explain me about your answer again.
where is a good wine bar near me
tell me if>>>>
My top-up hasn't gone through
help me pay my cable bill
I think I am having an issue with withdraws on my card. It was declined on the way to work this morning. This hasn't happened in the past.
I made a cash deposit a few days ago and it's still not reflected in my account. Do you know what might have happened?
whats the latest
make me a strong cup of coffee
show me the last five transactions
lower the lights please
How can I periodically check the delivery of the card you sent?
what do you mean by saying this.
Where can I change my PIN?
Transaction showing up many times.
I transferred some money a couple days ago but haven't received it yet. How long should I expect to wait?
I want to cancel a purchase
how long will a new card take to come in the mail
book a cab in the evening  for me
I need assistance with understanding which fiat currencies that you support.
delete all my calender events
Weather in Dhaka
i'm not actually sure
get me new email
hackernews
I would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
The stupid machine just swallowed my card!! I need a new one ASAP
Now that I have my card, how do I connect it to the app?
please change your accent to the male british one
Did Sams email arrive
Play my latest playlist
can i substitute bacon for sausage
what are the reviews like for mission chinese
PDA, what time will it be locally at 9AM Bangalore, India, time?
Who do I call to cancel a transfer?
resume play of american gods
report complaint to samsung by tweet
How old is Ellen?
Olly, today was the best day of my life.
I tried the wrong PIN too many times.
tell me the time
I can not get the app to know it is me.
what time is my flight supposed to be landing
Could you please display the videos for cooking Italian food.
What is the leading story at this time on Fox News?
How can I track my card's delivery?
book a taxi for me
how is the traffic today
I want dimmer lights.
are there any transaction fees associated with my chase card if i am in tokyo
i would like to pair this with my new phone
i need to see if i got any new email
PDA are sunglasses a good choice for today
show me my emails from the past hour
Please add oranges to my grocery list.
Machines make mistakes too! The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money. Too much!
Tell me what shops are nearby
Time & Date
i'm trying to raise my credit score can you tell me what it is now
what are some good southern bbq restaurants in nashville
I'm still waiting on my new card to be delivered!
I bought something with my card and I was charged a fee
In what scenario would you use word inconvenience?
List items on my work list
what do i have on my calendar today, the 3rd
i cant seem to activate card
Any charges applicable for new card?
i am very grateful
send email to manoj vyas
Olly, what's traffic likexchange on 441?
did i receive any email in the past hour
compile favorites list according to my song feedback
Who sing We are the world?
remind me to buy bread next time i go shopping
Why am I being charged when I withdraw cash?
what are the upcoming reminders
i want you to go back to factory settings
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
why are women so mysterious?
how much pressure is in my tires
could you make a train ticket for me
The cheque I sent to you to have deposited a couple days ago has not cleared in my account yet. What is the issue?
up
get rid of the first three events in my calendar
tell me the current location
find my next event and delete it please
Why has my transfer not arrived yet?
do i need a sweater today
Help!  I can't find my card.
I need a refund on an item I have not received.  Am I able to simply cancel the payment?  I don't know how to do this.
how do i change name?
please convert nine am cst to est time
are there decent seafood restaurants in portland
how many miles can i drive before needing the next oil change
remind me to take out the trash
Find the mass of the sun.
call an uber now
i would really like to know if my capital one credit card have international transaction fees
Are there any fees for adding money with an international card?
I put money into my account for the minimum balance but the application didn't accept.
Please give me both Visa and MasterCard, is it possible?
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
Please continue with the next podcast episode
i don't know where my luggage is
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
PDA I got a damn speeding ticket
Turn off my bedside lamp, please
walk me through reward redemption from my barclay's card
How old is christie brinkley?
can you translate that to french
figure out what percentage thirty is of one hundred and sixty three
tell my facebook group that i've arrived
how long does a US transfer take
can you send an email for me to a new email address
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
What is the best oven temperature to roast potatoes?
I can't get any money from my account.
hello, i need to cancel tonight's reservation for dinner
rewind to four twelve
i need to know why my card declined yesterday
Why is the cash withdrawal under pending?
in the central timezone, what time is it
can you start ryan seacrest
next episode of NYT podcast
what's the closing price of apple
How many different currencies can I hold money in?
I was checking my account when I saw a $500 cash withdraw that I know I didn't do.  I have my card so I don't understand how this happened.  Please help me.
I refuse to verify my identity.
The rate applied to my purchase in a foreign currency was wrong.
Raise a tweet on consumer
after how long should i change my oil
book train to london
how many contacts do i have in my phone book
please play {song title} by {artist}
My card was working but now it doesn't.
How old does one need to be?
what are the names of the lists that i have created
Please find me 80's music
find the serial podcast and play it
can you search trump
can i get a brand new card please
can you recommend some movies to watch in theater near me
how is my credit score
How many degrees is it in Houston right now?
How many pending reminders do I have?
My phone was stolen yesterday.  What should I do?
undo the last event on my calendar
My passcode doesn't work
make coffee at eight am
change the lights to dim
I had trouble with an incorrect rate being applied when using the ATM with foreign currency.
has the leftover hamburger from last saturday gone bad
what is the train schedule to denver
Open Stocks
has anyone commented on my status
i wish to know the meaning of life
s1, please explain me further on what you just said.
shuffle music by aaron carter
just stop please.
will you check and confirm the question.
I need to transfer money into my account, HOW?
Why doesn't my card work for any transactions?
how do i subtract four from two
How come I got charged extra for withdrawing cash?
friday needs to be clear on my calendar
I want my card I just received to show up in the app. How do I do that?
How are you doing today?
delete the grocery list
there seems to be fraudulent activity
What is the answer to (specific question)?
I want to play the audiobook Good Grief.
what makes life have any meaning
can you set the living room lights to pink
I cannot remember my passcode, is there a way to retrieve it?
go forward one song
set up two alarms one for 10am and another for 2pm
start email for address not in contacts
email chris add following content sorry I will be late today
s1, please will you elaborate me more on what you have said.
this is a good tune please notate file accordingly
next payday please
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington swallowed my card. How do I get it back?
Please delete my account, this company is not working for me!
How and where can I find the identity checks?
save my last playlist
How do you feel after hearing Justin bieber's new album
I want to send email to jack@gmail.com
thank you so much.
list the steps for applying for an american express card
I don't recognize some of the transactions on my card, I think someone must have gotten my card info and used it.
wipe my todo list please
go ahead and switch to the female voice
access recipe book please
thanks but that's not the correct response.
Open twitter and tweet' bad service by online buying site. Waste of money'
can you order more printer paper
My withdrawl is still pending.  Why?
Is it possible for me to top up with cash?
you did it all wrongly.
help me secure a car rental out of reagan international airport from march 22-30
what kind of gas goes in
tell me about it
I want to add money to my card, what payments do you accept?
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
Will I need a jacket after 10pm in my area?
How is top-up verified?
Please tell me what this direct debit in my statement is
play radio!
Where do I go to terminate my account?
plas kids songd
tweet complaint to amazon products
How do I protect my phone from someone using it after I lost it.
what creates buttermilk
My card was stolen
i need to know how to change oil in a car
I guess exchange rate for my payment was not correct, as i charged extra on the last saturday.
Update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
download the latest folk songs having rating of four star or above and play all without shuffle
can you retry what i've said please.
i would like you confirm it please.
confirm my johnny rockets reservation for this evening
Send an email to my friend say birthday wishes
report the time in miami
where is the nearest papa john's
please read my list of reminders
Why did I not get the amount I specified at the ATM?
find me a flight from tijuana to guadalajara on volaris
I am waiting on the refund
How do you calculate exchange rates?
please add to my contact lists and send them a reminder email
remove all the reminders from the calendar
give me the average five year stock price of home depot
wouldn't bother.
Is there any upcoming events
am i talking to a real live person
I am still waiting for a transfer I did
do i have anything on my calendar for march 2nd
make appointment for next friday
arrange a taxi.
is a travel visa required to visit paraguay
Please help me regarding a direct debit in the app that I don't recognize.
start robot cleaner
how much is the total due for my pgw gas bill
Can you please put the vacuum on?
s2, i was not so clear about what you said now.
no, that is inaccurate
Where can I pay with my debit or credit card?
remove item three
What were the cities affected by the earthquake?
my american express card expires on what date
do i have a fraudulent transaction on my account
you have done that right i appreciate it.
Can I still use the app if I switched phones?
How many likes does my status from yesterday have?
i want to know how to say goodbye in france
Tell me te time in Japan
Play tic-tac-toe with me
Will there be a fee to receive a physical card?
is there any good place for mexican food in hawaii
I just purchased a disposable virtual card. Am I able to use it for online purchases immediately?
in portland, what things are there to do
what's the nutritional info for spaghetti
how is the weather of this place
Do you work with all fiat currencies?
are there any accidents today
Yo PDA  order take out from Jason's Deli on 6th ave
does more than one carry on cost extra at ryanair
i need to understand how many points have i earned with my credit card
Set volume to zero.
take note of today as my first date with bob
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of recipe?
write a tweet to this company
i want you paired to my phone
What time is it in Singapore?
are there any holidays coming and when
tell me your date of birth
Exchange rate from CAD to USD
tell me the limit for credit on my mastercard
i have been trying to top up my account with a check but it won't work
play chess with me please
share with current location with ben
what is the high for today?
Can I change my PIN?
what did you add to my playlist - broken by evanescence
What is the current weather condition in my place
make my volume louder please
make 1234 the pin on my savings account
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
find recipe chicken casserole
Call China Wok.
what is the google stock at
it was a pleasure talking to you
remove wrestlemania from my calendar for may 7th
please turn off the wemo plug socket
How big is the Empire State Building?
yeap perfect response to the command.
doesn't matter.
I would like a  physical card sent to me.
can I have multiple currencies?
I forgot the code to access the app.
olly skip two songs
what is the mpg of this car
describe the new football game rules
whatever is okay for me.
it's good job, thank you so much.
Why do I see extra charges for withdrawing my money?
I have noticed that my account was double charged for a couple of items this week. Please review and refund the double charged items back.
play by favorite radio station
I tried again to top up my card after doing it a couple days ago when it had worked. Now, it doesn't seem to be working. Can you tell me what the deal is here please?
s1, rephrase me further on it please.
News around the city
If I need to top up with cash where should I look?
How does the exchange rate work?
turn down the sound
How long do I wait for a transfer to take?
Do you have to be 18 to make an account?
will you repeat that, please
olly shuffle playlist
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
sorry let me clarify with new instructions.
book train to london
what was your name again
save information about love of beyonc
What is the process for activating a new card.
let's get a timer going for 10 minutes
how many miles before i run out of gas
what day is the 15th
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
How fast are transfers from Europe?
can you tweet lif about their app crashing
Can you make me some coffee Olly?
later gater
next song play
how do i raise the limit on my visa card
Loop this track.
Why would a cash withdrawal still be pending?
why can't i get into my account
it was useful, musch appreciated, olly.
Do you have any top-up limits?
Do I have any appointments tomorrow afternoon.
PDA: Make the room light blue
does john's pizza have takeaway
what am i allowed to carry on for american airlines
I'd like more information about choosing a Visa or Mastercard.
i last got my oil changed when
Mark next Tuesday in my calendar as Steve's birthday.
starbucks near me
There is a Direct Debit that I don't recognize.
has amy sent me any new emails
how many tablespoons and teaspoons is one cup
display available lists
what is clint eastwood doing these days
Which countries are supported
I made a card payment by my card but it failed. Please let me know when the payment will get completed as its still pending.
How do I activate my card to start using it?
can i book a meeting room from 2:00 pm to 3:00 pm
time and date of today
How do I get selected for a visa card?
where are my bags, not here at the airport
what kinds of oil can i use in my car, and how to i change the oil
olly i said call jack not jake.
Is it possible to have an item refunded?
My transfer hasn't gone through yet.
when will my citi card expire
There is an unexplained $1 charge on my statement, can you please explain this to me?
is starbucks stock up or down from last quarter
switch on radio
tell me the date, please
set a 5 minute timer
Do I have new mail?
iphone
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
how would you describe the sun
DO I HAVE ANY APPOINTMENTS THIS WEEK?
Do you hold money and if so, what currencies do you accept?
make the lights blue please
My friend emails me to check
save this song as a favorite
will you confirm the detail please.
can you whisper
i want to order some new checks because i ran out of them
explain the interbank exchange rate
What's going on? My card wont accept any transactions.
Today I ran into my old friend Bob.
what is my current interest rate
can you tell me the time right now?
i was unclear about your answers.
please speak that one more again.
set your language setting to english
Drive the car and bring my friends over
can you eat sweet potato greens raw
can you tell me what kind of gas this car uses
how soon will i be sent a new card
how many oscars does morgan freeman have
i want you to fast forward the audio then resume
Is there any way to cancel a transfer?
how many of inches of snow did my hometown get last year
how long do i need to cook chicken
How do I go forth verifying my top-up card?
i can not quite catch up with you.
Earlier today I took money out the ATM. After checking the app the amount is so much higher than the amount I received.
please list the available rain trips to location a
who is the person that brought you to life
Can I see that history on my funds and where they came from?
what's my bank routing number
I found my old card. Can I link it back into the app?
reply my address to john
How do I switch to a different currency?
I thought you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be right ? Money just disappeared from my account, How it would work ?
have i added my doctor's appointment to my calendar
If I need to top up with cash where should I look?
please further clarify me about what you've said.
unmute
What are the steps that I need to take to activate a new card?
put classic rock on
what is the quickest way to get a new card
you can take dishes off my todo list
what is the sum of 8 + 3
Is Tom Cruise an only child?
I need more money in my account. Can I add more by transferring?
where do I top up my google pay?
What is happening near me?
I just got $20 when I tried to get $100
find recent events of the celebrity
Tell me about the most recent road construction on route 70?
When I withdrew money from my account the other day, I noticed that there was a fee.  I didn't think that there were any fees for withdrawals...?  How much will I be charged?
start podcasts on nfl
Can I exchange currencies with the app?
can i order takeaway dinner from byron's
what's going on between three hundred and thirty and four
Is there a fee for physical cards?
reply to the mail with the following content hello you
Why can't I complete my transfer?
that was useful,.
I found a charge on my debit that I did not make.
can you create a new list
I need several cards per day. And I need to be able to throw away all of the cards I make.
buy a train ticket for one week from now from new york to las vegas nevada
s1, can you please rephrase it further to me.
Stop repeating this song.
i no longer need my reservation with carl at umami
please would you reset.
Is there a way yo change my PIN?
Save the last radio stations of the last month
Can you tell me about the traffic?
is my dinner reservation for gusto handcrafted pasta & pizza at 6:30 pm still valid
can you help me booked a car in london
i need to do a car rental
Could you please recommend what I should do if my card keeps getting declined?  I planned to top-up today but I am unable to get it to work.  I need a fast solution to this problem.
i pay how much of taxes with my income
can you give me a good piece of trivia about the rainforest
Add remainder
I attempted a transfer, but it failed.
take me to music player
I see in the app some cash was withdrawn, but it's not mine.
delete all events for the next five days
find an uber on twenty ninth
How do I check security settings using the app?
Will this app allow me to exchange currencies?
My events
are you a computer
when's my visa card expiring
what time is it now in michigan
does mr pizza deliver
is there a time when i should get my tires changed
tell me what was today's news from news provider
how many vacation days have i consumed
Repeat Reminder for my appointments for Christmas
music two
Book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
my google pay seems to be acting up.
play music by taylor swift
I tried topping up for the first time today since I am a new customer. It doesn't appear that it's working. It has been pending for at least half an hour. Please take care of this.
i need to know how to get to target by bus
try again please.
Can I top up?
what do my pto days amount to
I made a card payment, but it has been declined?
i have a meeting at noon today
RCCG ikoyi Lagos distance by train will take how long and which direction?
would not bother, olly.
bring up a complaint form
My card doesn't work. I can't get cash out at an ATM
do i have any reminders today
Can I order a second card?
Am I allowed to use different currencies?
open derek's contact information
could you tell me a good joke
tell me the process of applying for a apollo card
find the meaning of qat
no, you don't get what i just requested.
why did macy's decline my card
will you flip a coin so i can make a choice
Can I auto top-up as much as I want?
Turn Up!
make a calendar entry for next saturday at ten am please
is there a travel alert for north korea
How do I avoid getting charged a fee on my card?
I want to top up by using a credit card, which ones do you support?
I transferred money but the balance hasn't changed.
No option to top up with a cheque ?
notifications
Could you tell me why my cash withdrawal was declined?
Help!  The app has an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
yes strongly agreed.
does bj's take reservations
let me know how many pounds are in 10 kilos
what's an easy recipe to cook for food
do you think i can sub honey for sugar
why is a transfer to beneficiary not possible?
please tell me your name
are there any electronics shops around white chapel in London?
can you book an uber after i left for office
What are the rules for using disposable virtual cards?
forward a mail to sandy
remove a list please
what is the answer to dollars minus dollars
topography melbourne
whatever, olly.
today's closing price for GOOGL
Can I directly deposit my salary to this account?
tell me the best exchange rate
play beatles playlist
stop seven am alarm
what is the difference in value of a dollar and a peso
Which alarms are set in the phone?
how many japanese yen are in a us dollar
what do you mean.
How can I find the nearest ATM?
I don't know if I made this payment on my card.
remove list of due payment of rajesh
what is six times sixty eight
Can I top-up by cheque?
vacuum on
How come I can't get money at the ATM
can't get what you said now.
what new emails do i have
that's wrong.
have no idea about what to do.
what day does easter fall on
please can you say it one more time again.
Set the alarm for 9am on weekends.
PLEASE TELL ME WHEN IS THE BIRTHDAY PARTY OF JENNY?
will you take my bill payment
begin playing the audiobook beauty and the beast
what is my afternoon schedule tomorrow
how much do i have in my checking
i need a funny joke to tell sam
what kind of fuel do i need to put in my car
turn on some music
My contactless is not working
what is happening now?
what is the latest news
Why haven't I gotten my payment yet?
i will know later
My friends want to top up my account
can you set a reminder for me
please call me charlile from here on out ok
I am required to make several disposable cards every day.
nearest walmart location
order everything that's on my list for shopping
Email my mother.
Do you charge anything for topping up?
tell me the names on the list
How do I authenticate my top-up?
What should I do if someone else used my card?
You keep declining my transfers? It's always been working really well so far, but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined. I tried couple times already but same thing.
is there any traffic
who is the person responsible for creating you
are socket converters something i need to bring if going to australia
please tell me what is the definition of cylinder
Have I received any emails since noon?
What time will the soccer match be tonight?
what's the total of my bank accounts
I feel as though I have been over charged for the exchange rate on my payment on last Saturday.
Can you find the Dave Ramsey podcast that aired earlier today?
do coffee
yeah you've got my instructions perfectly.
PDA, What kind of event is happening around me?
today is sunny day or not.
how bad is traffic at 9:00 going to detroit
Can I top off with a debit card?
Do you know what the restriction of the disposable cards are?
How do I see my source of funds?
The day before yesterday I transferred funds to another account within the country.  The funds have not yet arrived.  I double and triple checked the account number and it was correct.  Why hasn't the transfer been completed yet?
email chris add following content sorry I will be late today
olly remind me i have a meeting at 7pm
Friday what time is the forum about Drugs in the civic center?
Put on some Led Zeppelin
Check email sent by Contact
can you tell my what france's timezone is
find my email for date
four plus five equals nine
Remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at 7:45pm.
just stop please.
s1, please could you elaborate once again.
Is there any rain in the forecast for the next week?
please rephrase me more on what you have just said.
wine shop
what is the location that td bank has their routing number listed
tell me the recipe for yellow rice
I just recently got a new beach condo in Bora Bora, and to furnish it I used this account a lot from overseas. It's upsetting, being a long-time customer of yours, that I saw extra fees on my account from my currency transfer. Is this what I should expect from you in the future?
What is the present state of the exchange rate?
which company made you
switch to night light setting
what a wonderful song can you save what i just said for me
check for the quality of the colors
what is the name of the singer
Why do you need verification for my identity?
do i have an alarm set for morning flight
i want to initiate a transfer from one account to the other
phone is gone
wemo plug socket turn on
i need to report a bent card
7 YEARS
looking back on my transactions from a couple of months ago I have noticed a charge that is fairly large that I'm certain was not completed by me. I know it has been a while but can I please dispute this charge?
i want to apply for a discover card
when do i get my next pay check
it was pleasant having a conversation with you
I think my top up is still pending?
remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
do you know of any well reviewed hotels in chicago
cancel my seven am alarm
how many tablespoons and teaspoons is one cup
What things do I need to verify my identity?
can we change your name to lisa
I moved.  I need to update my details.
tell company their service is bad
Can I reactivate my card? I reported it lost and found it this morning in my jacket.
Why has my top-up been returned to my account?
what's the gas mileage on a juke
take off the doctor's appointment on march twentieth
thanks but i think that's not the correct answer.
Should I bring warm clothes?
Can you tell me why I was charged $1 for a transaction?
My card is not working at stores.
softer
i don't understand why my bank account is frozen right now
is there some play can I go tonight in the city?
what's the time in dubai
I need to wake up. Make me the strongest coffee you can make.
would you confirm the details please.
delete the list please
how is the temperature at ac
I couldn't get cash at the atm
save this post about the song that i just listened to
Tell me what a freeway is
will you retry it.
Can I let other people have access to my account in order to top up?
Why was my cash withdrawal cancelled at the ATM?
I have been charged two times for one transaction.
what lists are open
meeting ___ set reminder
exactly.
For the next month how many meeting days available do I have that are convenient for me
can you confirm what just said please.
What time is next meeting
shit, i think you've done all wrong.
what are the pets that you take care of
Can it add money every so often automatically while I travel?
is there any good chinese takeout that's open late
will my credit card be mailed soon
Decrease, 20%
Please give me address of Salman khan apartment
Send email to GBaby tell her GMa loves her and hopes she has a great weekend
Can i cancel this purchase?
i didn't hear what you just said, can you repeat it
Do i need a sweater today
can you schedule a meeting with jessica at the office, please
From where can I withdraw?
There are incorrect charges on my account, there was a WD that was made by someone else.  I still have my card though.
start radio station one oh seven point five fm
how much time do i need to make the chicken
Can I put my old card back in the app?
turn off the fan
i would not really know, olly.
mute for volume
any updates from Donald Trump's  tweet feed?
While on vacation I used an ATM to get cash and was overcharged. These charges are ridiculous and had I known about them I would have never used it.
you have done it right thank you, olly.
Send an email to Sharon.
make the living room blue
Please tell me how you can stop unauthorized payments from being made on my card since on this bill I see that this has happened. There are transactions that I never made from a place I've never been to.
I must change my address.
I'm still waiting for delivery of my new card, why is it taking so long?
yeap that is wonderful.
I need to freeze my card as soon as possible. I just checked my account and saw that there have been several payments that I don't recognize over the course of a few days. Can we investigate and get my money back?
How can I convert currencies?
no more talking
Play walking list
specifically, what pets do you own
Start irobot
What does pending mean on a cash withdrawal?
Pandora
get me a taxi to the airport right now
what is the status of my order
what a sunny day
i like you stop it.
oops, you're wrong.
what day of the week does the twenty second fall on this month
s1, could you please again rephrase me about what you said now.
Whats the process of tranfering money into an account?
locate me the amazon restaurants
what is the current time in delhi
Silence speakers
add rice on the list
I can't get my virtual card to work at all
play animal farm
My new card needs activating.
Where are cards available to order?
show conversion rate of usd and eur
hey tell me a knock knock joke
find out if kfc delivers please
i need to know how to order checks for my bank of america account
what is the average time it takes to get to target in los angeles
For the first time I got a fee on my account. How do I know when you charge these fees?
Is there a limit to auto top?
What is the top-up limit on my cards?
Why have i been charged a fee for using my card?
Play the first playlist
is it possible to raise the credit limit for my discover card
are there any events going on downtown tonight
Is there a fee to make a transfer?
Where do I order a virtual card from?
I haven't received my PIN yet. Do I need to get it from you?
shuffle music by aaron carter
What is the exchange rate between US dollars and yen?
please will you confirm command.
i want a new pin for my savings account
i wanted to remember what again
can you please put a stop on my bank account
I want to have an item refunded can I do that?
Can you tell me why my transfer declined?
Hi, My card withdrawal was declined this morning. It was working fine till yesterday. Please check and inform me.
Alert me at  0500 hrs
i need to know the date it will be 4 days from now
how do i know when to pay my gas bill
coordinate all pop song genres
i like this song that is playing
please tell me it once more.
yes exact.
remove all appointments
hey ms the email address of john miller
I need a new card before it expires.
don't let me forget i have a parent teacher conference this monday at four hundred pm
what's the nutritional information for steak
play my favorite music
find radio
How hilly is it in Sacramento?
this is too bright
has anything happened to mass effect
Something is wrong with my top up and I can't see it. How do I find it?
Also a pleasure.
get me a taxi to take me to the airport on friday at five thirty am
thats not it please do it again.
check if my shopping list has tomato
I heard Alex just got married. Can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram?
can you tell me how to spell elephant
can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing
i need to up by noon
what is today's current date
Is it free to send out more cards?
Why was my new card declined?
please let's try it one more time again.
i need to schedule somewhere get my tires checked out
what stuff do you dump in an omelette
olly can you shut up please.
what's the average time it takes for a new card to arrive
can i increase my credit limit from 1000 to 2000 please
How's the weather like in New Jersey
Stock up or down for Walgreens?
Set an alarm for 8pm.
Please send email to Liz
confirm the order and send me the confirmation
siri open twitter tweet @potus sucks
I'm not quite understanding why my cash withdrawal is showing as pending.
My top up is giving me problems. What is wrong with it?
I have a transfer waiting.
I found my card that I thought I had lost, I need to reactive it, please help.
what is the apr on my visa card
what type of music do i enjoy
PLZ, TUNE 93.8 FM RADIO MIRCHI.
switch on light
I want to get a Visa card
i don't catch up with you.
how much later is new york than la
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew was wrong.
ai goodbye
confirm it.
do travelers to egypt get hit with transaction fees if they're using a mastercard
open radio
What all lists are available?
i need you to mark next monday
Do you charge for sending out more cards?
how long does it take to get the train from rome to paris
what is the traffic like
is there a charge to use my card in japan
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but the app says I did
please pair my phone
i want that repeated
how can i find my phone
remove apples from my shopping list
i need my savings account placed under a block as soon as possible
Define and describe an ultraviolet ray
I would like to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service you're providing
play me all jazz music
the bill's minimum payment, what is it
what will the weather be like this week
do you know the total for taxes for my income
what is google
what is my bank balance for all accounts
can you let my bank know i'll be in uruguay from january to august
how to cook crabs
Can it automatically top up my account?
I have to make several disposable cards per day.
What can you tell me about the card PIN?
play for me hip hop music
I made an ATM withdrawal over the holiday and then later realized I was charged an exorbitant fee!  I never would've made this withdrawal if I'd known I'd be charged so much.
how do you convert millimeters to decimeters
can you repeat what you said
i want a block placed on my college fund account immediately
Someone stole my card. I need to report it stolen. I made a police report already, but how do I report it with you?
sarcastic jokes
In jaisalmer traffic level is less
skip this song and play the next
make alarm reminder for calendar
i'm at a new job and i need to do a 401k rollover, how do i do this
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party
Show me a video about new mobile launches this year
I made a check and cash deposit that wasn't credited to my account.
how do i request vacation time
Is there supposed to be a fee for the transfer I made?
how many points on my chase unlimited card
Play random radio station.
what's happening on may 3rd
Send an email to Mom, asking if she was able to order the book from Amazon that I told her about.
olly can you cancel please.
did they approve my day off request
should i bring my socket converter to england
i appreciate it, that's great job.
open the contact alex in phonebook
i am thankful for your help!
what amount of money is in my bank accounts
I don't understand why I was charged extra for withdrawing money?
My son was born today
olly can you shut down.
how many more pto days are there for me
Just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning.
ah it's great work.
what's playing in the roosendaal cinema
i love that song
Enter atdfd@yahoo.com into my contact list
i was in thailand and i could not use my card to buy snacks
where did they make you
I lost my wallet today with all my credit cards. Will you please block the card and send a replacement?
Could you please freeze my card immediately?
I would like to listen to some rap music right now.
please delete bananas from my shopping list
do i need an international visa to go to vietnam
Where can I find top up by cash deposit?
What is the process for activating my card?
give me the birth date of mahatma gandhi
The date today please
how long is pork good in the fridge
I would love a less bright up room
find me a good wine shop that stock old wines like older than ten years navigate me to that shop
What currencies do you support?
will you confirm my reservation for red robin at 10
play the client by john grisham
its a for sure true
do you like cats or dogs more
i want my credit score
How do I set-up my PIN for the new card?
speak it again slowly
evens please
repeat your last sentence you just said.
Book me a train ticket for Saturday.
let us do it again.
i lost my card how do i report it
would you say one more again.
Do I get a card to keep in my wallet?
What is the capital of Nigeria?
lower the brightness of the lights
switch lights to red tone
where can i find this song
I need to set an alarm tomorrow at 12:00PM to remind me to take my medication.
got it correcly.
yeap you have understood my instructions right.
s1, please clarify me about your answers once again.
do i have any meetings scheduled for today
oops, you have made some mistake.
Define perpetual
I have a transfer that was approved that I'm urgently waiting for. How long am I supposed to wait for it?
i'd like to listen to ninety nine point five
could you tell me it once again please.
My PIN can't access my card, can you help?.
i want to hear a good joke
I receive my salary in GBP. Do I need to configure this somehwere?
Activate the robot and vacuum the floor.
Change my house lights colour to blue
shut the lights off in my bedroom please
mute sound on speakers please
i need to hear what's on my shopping list
buy all the things on the shopping list
Who accepts the card?
send my gps location to manuel
do i have an alarm set for tomorrow
Reply to the email received from Peter
what are all the event in area
I want to top up by card, what do you support?
I need my refund
Set reminder in calendar.
okay
International trade and Business market
Go back to the midnight series.
is there a fee for using my card in portland
Money was transferred to me and I am unable to see it
I must verify the source of my funds
Is it true that Susan's birthday is on March 1st?
uh no, i think incorrect command.
take fresh carrots off my shopping list
what is the time in india when the time in us is twelve pm
Why isn't my top up showing on my wallet?
Tell me the name of the artist whose song is in the movie I am watching
report the current time in oakland
how healthy are lunchables
what subjects are you familiar with
I'm not sure where my phone is.  Can someone else use the app?
Can I send a cheque to do my top ups?
turn off the tv in
i need a reminder to give the dog his medicine at ten tonight
what were the cities affected by the earthquake
Where do you get those exchange rates?
I need a disposable virtual card. Please tell me how to order one.
tell me about the stock for shell
Show me the location of Everest Mountain
Please be silent until I tell you not to be
facebook info
I will need to get a new card soon, how do I order?
show the list that are available with numbers
what do you know
I know I have enough funds in my account but my card payment hasn't worked for some reason. What do I do?
when is president's day
Are cards from the US accepted?
set music system to mute
send will do thanks to john as a reply to his last message
I don't understand how to top up my account, can you please explain the process?
can i change your name to bob
What's scheduled for the next three hours?
Why did I get charged for withdrawing cash?
Play a podcast about dogs.
what's a good place to travel to
tell me what lists i currently have
I would like to have assistance with activating my card.
silence volume on speakers
hey what does incite mean
how can i find out about new insurance
how can i ensure my credit score doesn't drop
when was the last time my car was worked on
remove from calendar jesse's bbq on june 9th
you gave me incorrect information.
Do I have to go somewhere to activate my card?
Where jackie chan currently live
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with american airlines to japan
raise the volume to fifty
i need to know the proper spelling of curiosity
please tell me the last time i took my car to the shop
yeap great response.
please will you shut down.
How old do my kids need to be to open an account?
I think I got charged twice for the same thing
I don't think that my top-up worked.
when will i receive my w2
that's awesome job, i appreciate it, olly.
i want you to your volume
My card must have used my card as there are some transactions that I haven't done myself..
just set me reminders about pending payment of children school fees
Where is my pizza from Domino's at?
what is the correct spelling of the word comity, since i do not know
There is a charge on my card that I did not make
how high is pikes peak
Transferring money using credit card
wrong i will repeat the command now.
What bra size is julianne hough?
I just transferred some money into my account and do not see it updated yet, can you assist?
How do i receive a physical card?
i want you check the detail please.
my card got melted in the dryer and i need to report it, please
pls change timezone to canada
i am john
PDA, could you reschedule my meeting?
please track my order
What are the top up charges for US cards?
Can I get a list of the news from the Wall Street Journal?
please would you tell me again.
can you add gloria to my list of clients
what do you do to occupy your free time
I need my card activated.
Please describe that object for me.
how's the stock for exxon mobil doing today
let me see my alarms
email _____
will you please shut up.
this is a five star song
how long do you bake a cake
what is my routing number
Is there an extra fee for using an ATM?
Can you help me with my card, I think it's broke.
Have you sent out my card yet?
do not mind for any one.
is there any consensun regarding lifes true meaning
what is the time in paris now
two pm set
domino's delivery status
my name's frank
please play clash of clans
Do you offer SWIFT transfers?
I attempted to enter my pin to many times.
Write a complaint to Best Buy.
I'm not certain, but someone may be using my card.
what is the definition of god
fantastic work, you've done well.
i need you to add creamer to my shopping list
I want live music
show me the date
Play me some radiohead.
should i add money via bank transfer instead
Can you update my facebook profile picture to the image I took from Google office yesterday?
i love anything by elton john
What exchange rates do you use?
Where can I do a cash withdrawal?
what is open late in la
I'm looking at my statement, and my refund is not on there.
delete all events in calendar
resume audio playback of twilight
Do you need my birthdate?
what exactly is my credit limit
Olly, look up the word 'snafu'.
create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner
do i have any alarms set
Are there any extra fees for adding money into the international card?
start responding to joe
Display volume strength on current track
How long does it take for my payment to process?
I'm attempting to top-up my account but it has been pending for an hour.
has the french laundry gotten good reviews lately
My top up card needs verification and I don't know how to do it
I think a fee was applied for paying with a card.
can you really see russia from alaska
please cancel.
I transferred some cash and it didn't arrive
What fiat currencies are used for exchange?
need information about events before shift ends
when does milk expire
review set alarms
play the song which is in movie rangoon.
check: car gas mileage
can you play file
I think you reverted my top up.
add ketchup to the list
i want to hear chopin now
can you activate the vacuum to clean the house
what's my current bank savings
i don't understand what you just said now.
What reminders are coming up this week?
I got an unexpected charge on my transfers. How can I correct this?
How many different currencies can I have my money in?
please immediately block my navy federal credit union account
What is the temperature?
id like to put in an order for some chinese food with hunan wok
may i know what is trending in social media
What is latest news about Donald Trump? Tell me about controversial statements of Donald Trump.
please send a message to peter telling him to pick up milk
how long does it take for a transfer to arrive
olly's command is incorrect.
How to receive virtual card?
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
do not really bother.
I need to change my name since I got married
There is an extra $1 charge on my statement, why is that?
Show latest events around new york
I'm really concerned because I only made one transaction, but it's appearing multiple times.
Can you please delete all evnts from my calender
thanks for your helps.
yes you get it exactly.
i need you to turn the bathroom lights on
near by grossary
how do i use the reward for my bank of hawaii
you've done that correctly i appreciate it.
bring up twitter to target customer service
How is top-up verified?
play what i am by edie brickel
find all the contacts named john
lower the lights in the room
I got a new address and need to change my information.
How would you describe a tennis ball?
What is the weather in Paris?
Why is there a fee for my transfer?
My card hasn't shown up yet.
order a large uber for 5 people to the zoo
My phone was stolen so I no longer have access to the app.
lower the brightness
does the nearby dominos have delivery
can you please tell me what is on my to-do list
Why is it asking me to verify my identity
Show newest emails.
Why was I unable to finish this transfer?
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that its not mine
i need to add cherrios to the grocery list
i need you to repeat that
can you please help me start the car
i didnt do this charge
what is the size of the united states
s2, could not get what you have said.
There is a direct debit I do not recognise in my statement
what is the home phone number of mark
Do I have alarms set for today?
can you add cherrios to my shopping list
do you work for another individual
please activate my vacuum cleaner
I need to set up a meeting with Peter Francis on Monday.
could you stop please.
turn up music please
tell me interesting facts about lighthouses
This exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
i gotta know how many points i have gotten with my debit card
what do i do about a card that's too messed up to be properly scanned
What is the best way to exchange currency between USD and GBP using your app?
What apps can I use to top up my account?
create an alarm for today at ten am
please remove item a from my list
confirm what last said please.
Is there an age limit to open an account
How do I get my top-up verification code?
send this message to @microsoft on twitter
open all unread emails
My top-up was revoked.
my card is too scratched and won't read correctly
What is the tracking number for the card you sent?
thanks but i think got me wrongly.
IS there any unread emails from my contacts
Olly, what's new in the news?!
how long before i need to replace my tires
Why was my payment reversed?
s2, i do not catch up with you.
tell me the artist of this song
Where do I pay with my debit or credit card?
Is the 18th a Monday or a Sunday?
What can I do with a disposable virtual card?
I have a cash withdrawal in my statement. Why is that?
Olly recommend a wine tasting event this Weekend in Chicago.
PDA: Delete the Walmart list
Family entertainment
what is the minimum payment i can make on my xcel energy bill
open vacuum cleaner
My top-up didn't go through
can you tell me some fun things to do in kentucky
what kind of gas is required for this car
would you tell me one more again please.
Can you remove that on my calendar
greg wants black coffee can you make one
tell me some fresh info from daily mail
what are the nearest streets to the statue of liberty in new york
can you tell me the name of this song
turn off the six am alarm for Wednesday
do they deliver home
i need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
Apparently, I went out today to use my new card and was informed my payment was decline. This is really embarrassing, what happen?
find and book a hotel in md, baltimore starting on the 7th to the 9th
let's suck out the dust
Should i wear gloves tonight?
When will Tesla come to my town?
vacuum the kitchen
What would you call this kind of music that we're listening to?
Is Jimmie's party on Friday cancelled?
Why would my top up be reverted?
how much is one dollar in pounds
tell me when will indians economy touch that of americas
The attempted transfer failed.
i think my card is stolen and needs to be reported
tell me how i can schedule a meeting
i'd like you to give me an idea for a meal from iceland
pull up everything i need to make a pasta dish
olly find any alarms i have set for today
lets start calling you allan
Is it too cold to go swimming?
what train companies are near me
what are your hobbies in life
What is the subject of the email that just arrived
My withdrawal is pending, why?
how goes it
please book a train ticket from jodhpur to jaisalmer on sunday
COMPARE MORE OF COUNTRIS
So, I tried topping up my card for the today. Unfortunately, it failed. A couple of days back I used it and it works fine. Can you double check and tell me what's going on?
how can i get get a copy of my w2 for tax purposes
Cortana, what events are happening near me?
olly stop please.
is respond to the professor's email on my list of reminders
what is playing at the local theater right now
looking at january, show all wine purchases
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. SEPA transfers typically take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
hey olly on the twentieth clear my calendar
How much can I top-up to my card at a time?
7:00
can you please explain me more on your answer.
how much it the credit limit on my visa card
My card stopped working
how much can i spend on my discover card
when does the train from kansas city to iowa leave
please could you speak what i've said one more time again.
Is it possible to get one the your cards in the EU?
what is john doe's address
Shuffle Play my Slow Songs Play List from Spotify
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
what are the estimates for the car's highway mpg
Is there more traffic in Canal street?
that's all, bye
how many weeks are in 3 months
take paper towels off of my shopping list
where is my w2
what's the apr on my visa card, please
It won't let me prove my identity.
foreign exchange rates
Alexa, mark my calendar as unavailable today
help me change my credit limit
how many miles in five kilometers
book for me a train ticket to washingdon dc
Please turn on the radio.
What's the limit for auto top-up?
Why can't my beneficiary get access?
what date will my hy-vee card need to be renewed
tell me what's on my reminders list please
turn off lights in my room
what's the exchange between u. s. d. and cad
What is there to do in NYC?
do you know if i have any meetings set up with travis today
Can I mail in a check to top up?
How much would it cost to buy stock in Apple?
It appears my card expires next month, can I order a new one?
Set a reminder for tomorrow evening
is it ok to lower the lights
Clear all events from my calendar for next week
show me reviews of Donald Trump
I need oranges added to my grocery list.
i need to have a timer for 10 minutes
i need you to add this email in my contacts
What do I do if I cannot access the app?
Set notification for news on the stock market
How do I report my card stolen?
does my errand list have goodwill on it
please turn my fan on
repeat it please.
initiate connection with my phone, please
tweet british airways that my last flight from Chicago to London was delayed
what does one have to damage in cream to make butter
which vaccines will i need for cuba
please explain the steps to change oil
i need this song on my meditation playlist
Is it possible to change my address?
Hi, I'm buying a flat and I'm trying to get my mortgage to go though. Every time I check I simply get an error message. Is there any way you can help me get this money transferred over. Thanks!
book me a train ride
show my upcoming events
i have no knowledge of that
what oil should i use and how do i change it
My new card keeps getting declined. I was very excited to use it for the first time today. Why is this doing this?
please repeat the last song
it's helpful, i appreciate it.
Olly, what is the highest point in the US?
There is a direct debit that's not mine.
price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
can you use a different accent
answer this mathematical question
There is a cash withdrawal from an ATM listed but I don't remember making this withdrawal.
i appeciate it
nix folding laundry from my todo list
veganism
add baby shark to my kid playlist
Why does my top-up get cancelled?
on twenty third february rahul will come with me on india cricket match
yes exact.
do i have meetings from 1 to 4 today
what all can you do
nobody knows by Pink
please change time zone to canada
find the nearest taxi
I've got a problem - I bought something with my card one or two weeks ago, but now exact same amount of the purchase is showing up in my account. I like more money in my account, but this is too good to be true. Can you tell me what's happening?
tell me how to request vacation
remove the fundraiser for dolphines in april
Do you know the ETA of my order?
can you read to me the nutritional info for macaroni and cheese
Would I be able to get another card for my account, so I could give one to my daughter?
you can remove the wedding from my calendar for march 12, 2019
Please let me know what currency I can use to top up my account?
what the traffic condition outside my office
how was tthe first president of us
what lists are available
let my bank know i actually am visiting brazil
please play red fm
I tried topping up using my card, but the money is gone?
What currencies do you accept for adding money to my account?
The transfer I just made needs to be cancelled right now. It was my mistake. Please help me cancel it before it goes through!
What do you need to verify my identity?
do you have a name i can use
Pleasant
is <unk> married
Do I have anything scheduled for March 7th?
Vacation spots
change the lights in the house to green
Hey Siri find music by nine inch nails
how did you come to be you
Start radio and go to frequency on 94.3
How long will my most recent transfer take to go through? The recipient needs the money urgently.
would you say i've spent too much money on chips as of late
Contact information for Jay
would you check that.
call city cab to airport
what is on my to do list today
What country's money can I hold currency in?
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this,what should be done
I can't get my Google Pay Top to work. Are there any issues on your end?
can you tell me how do i get new insurance
I need assistance completing a transfer. I'm trying to purchase a flat and need the money for the initial mortgage payment. I keep getting an error and the transfer is not going through. What is going on here?
how many holidays are there and when is the next one here
start cleaner
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
which was that coldplay song i listened to yesterday evening can you play it again
Do i have to verify who I am?
Create shopping list for Target
please open go fish game and play it with me
Are extra charges added for sending out additional cards?
can you feel
Why would a transfer to a beneficiary not go through?
PLEASE TELL WHO INVENTED TELEPHONE AND WHAT IS THE DATE?
could you freeze my account
A transfer to my account was denied.
searching on holidays in my location
Remove my list of notes from last week.
Please send a business email about the time of the meeting change to Lauren.
make an alert for my birthday
you have done your understanding correcly.
whats the best way to france
I was only given $20 when I tried to get $100
guide me through jump starting a car
What time are the trains going to Chennai leaving?
Can I have money transferred into my account at different intervals along my trip?
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
charges of delivery
This question does not make sense.
is it okay to eat chicken that i put in the fridge on monday
can you help me pick some fun things to do in london during my trip
The day before yesterday I transferred funds to another account within the country.  The funds have not yet arrived.  I double and triple checked the account number and it was correct.  Why hasn't the transfer been completed yet?
please check episode number thirty nine
Book Uber from my home
How much is a physical card?
i want the time for another city outside us
I want the status on my screen brightness
It is still pending, I am still waiting. Your system just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
my card got scratched badly, can you tell my bank to send a replacement
PDA, please compose a new email to coworker.
What is traffic like right now?
I did not get the right amount of cash from the ATM.
I completed a money transaction but the recipient hasn't received it
could you confirm it please.
find and order handi paneer in pavitra
I am travelling and I was wondering what your exchange rates are
any farm markets around with local products
would you just stop it please.
play my rock station on pandora
When will my transfer finish pending?
The store card reader would not accept my card.
is there a reason i need to verify top up
What proof do you need for my identification?
In how many hours will it be midnight in London, England?
Why didn`t my topup go through?
how long do the brownies need to be in the oven
i appreciate the help
what ingredients go in mashed potato
from now on, your name will be buttercup
If my card payment isn't working what do I do?
make a things to do list
what would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner
when will my flight land
is there anything i need to be aware of
Book a train ticket to Charleston, West Virginia 8 AM
Can I get a refund?
20 yen is how many dollars
what's happening here
I would like to request a card.
Play a podcast from my favorties list.
what song is playing right now
let's start over please.
What do you want to do today?
the balance on my account didnt change when i transferred money
tell me my debit card's rewards balance
How do I return something for a full refund?
My app says that I'm not verified.
you have done that correctly thanks.
read me some more deadly death killers
When I tried to top up using my card, all of the money disappeared.
how much is indian rupee going against us dollar
please check and tell me contact details of mongomery llc company
how do you spell out wednesday
give me the birth date of mahatma gandhi
Is there anything happening in town this weekend?
please make the lights natural
Create a new reminder at 3pm
My balance doesn't include my latest transfer
I got a new card and can't find where to link it.
could you put broken by evanescense to my playlist
what is the latest email from zita
play super mario brothers game with me
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
Tell me about the federal budget
My identity verification is not working.
Can I use top-up with Apple pay?
how good are the ratings for peter luger steakhouse
there is a charge i dont recognize
yes i like to save opinion on song playing and which player support that song
send a text to mom saying i'm on my way
Will it be a sticky night?
Is there a limit on top-ups?
how many rivers are there in europe
Are there any disposable virtual cards?
what should i do if i'm waiting at the airport and my luggage is not here
Play Boneym
Why can't I add any beneficiary I choose?
I see what looks like duplicate charges on account.
use facebook to post
turn this room light off
Need help to get my card to work.
I was wondering why my payment hasn't gone through yet, its been a while.
PDA, do I have messages in my inbox?
set a repeating reminder alarm for the facebook event i have to attend on seventh april
what place do you call home
i want to slow down my speaker
Set an alarm for me for <insert time>
tell me what's happening on social media
I received an extra charge for using the card. Why?
is the restaurant having delivery facility
Do you offer a discount on multiple currency exchanges?
What do I do if a transaction shows up twice?
I see a strange payment in my account.
I have a US credit card, will you accept it?
that's not the right answer.
yes that's amazing.
Ok Google, remove my vacation scheduled for July
that's enough, stop it.
Remind me about tomorrow meeting at 10 AM.
what and how is india's economy at the moment
Is the meeting with Julie at 3 pm on Wednesday?
what did you say.
how cold is it going to be tonight
send mail to sil for cap
what is 10 to the 12th power
please dim the lights in the bedroom
i am out of trash bags and need them to be added to my shopping list
give me the morning news
what amount do my state taxes look like
when is stassi schroedder's birthday
I have an unknown direct debit payment on my account
it is cool, thank you, olly.
what would you call this kind of music that we're listening to
Turn on some NPR and play them out of my speakers.
tweet freedom pop customer service i am dissatisfied
can you turn this down
please turn the lights down
Turn lights off in kitchen.
i think i've been the victim of fraud
So, I am a new customer and attempted to top up for the very first time today. It's already been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. I need to please get this fixed.
I have money in a foreign account that I want to send to this account.
turn room lights off now
what's going on around here this weekend
add grocery to list
Do I have any appointments?
Tell me a fun fact!
Where can I find a good taco truck in LA?
Turn off overhead light.
How do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner?
tell me about the hold on my chase account
how is it outside
Can I use my account without verifying identity?
Can i have the item refunded?
I tried taking out 30 pounds from the ATM just now and it only gave me 10. Why would it do that? I need the 30 pounds now!
they call me josh
there seems to be an issue with my account
what's his number
I did what you told me earlier and contacted the seller for a refund directly, but nothing is happening! It's been a week and I still haven't got anything. Please just give me back my money
play Third Day
could you  calculate 5 + 5?
My card payment had the wrong exchange rate
when is my meeting with john
i like electronic music
What day of the week is Valentines on?
Go silent for a day.
Tell me how to cook steak
My balance was not updated with my checque or cash deposit.
please answer jean's email
a priest walks into a bar
i need an email to be sent to comcastcom about my service issues
i want to turn on the blue lights
What are the maximum amount you can do for auto top-up?
from where can i get a train ticket for athens
how would they say butter in zambia
let me hear all of the items on my to do list, please
please make coffee at seven am
what time will my alarm wake me up
is my credit card application approved
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar
I really was trying to complete this exhange. I was trying to purchase some crypto but the app won't allow me to do it. Can you tell me what's going on here?
How come a fee was charged when I tranferred money
What is the cause that the transfer shows as pending?
find shoe shopping near my home
tell my bank i'll be in cuba beginning the 2nd
lower lights down
How do you cook a four-cheese omelette?
i want to know what i have to do
Do you have any updates on blank?
please help me in finding my phone
tell me everything about umf
speaker volume decrease
could you help me locate my phone, please
can you put the vacuum on
Tell me about the limit for top ups.
Can I verify my identity online?
please set the alarm for next morning to seven am
I bought something and received it, but the payment went back to my account. Is the seller okay?
that was cool,, olly.
Increase volume by two levels
don't really mind for any one.
Can I change my in at all ATM's?
please check and confirm the command.
i did not say it.
I am still waiting for my card after 1 week.  Is this ok?
do I have meetings today
will you once again rephrase me about what you just said now.
I am trying to transfer money and something is going wrong.
what movies is out there in the local cinema
make a reminder to give the cat her flea medicine
What is the estimated travel time for the train ride to Orlando?
confirm the alarm time
repeat this song
display nearby places
I was at an ATM and it swallowed my card.
no, that is not right
do i need new tires
What's on this weekend in my zipcode?
Olly, start the podcast over that I started last night.
Whatsapp
What is the name of a lake that has dried up over the years?
Am I able to track the card that was just sent to me?
How do I receive a card?
what kind of animals do you own
is the bill due
A transaction is showing more than once.
i want the light to be a little more red ish
how much do i have in my savings account
takeaway status
I lost my passcode.
would you tell me that once again.
i want to listen to the radio
i think this was not correct.
will i need to wear a coat today in the afternoon?
what time does the train to place leave
brew a pot of coffee
What do I need to show who I am?
How often are you updated?
save my spotify preferences
can you speak one more again.
How many disposable cards per day am I allowed to have?
How do you determine the exchange rate?
Find me eighties music
remove item four
Hi. About two hours ago I made a transfer from my bank which is in the UK, but I don't see it yet! Would you check what's going on with it, please?
How come I was charged an extra fee when paying with the card?
what is the name of this musical group
ibset a ararl can you turn it off?
Play something romantic
do you know any dad jokes
send an email to dad about the weather for the week
could you speak once more please.
how much am i taxed each year
hi can you please turn lower the lights
kfi is my favorite rapper
i would like to top up with check
i didn't hear you
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
There is a charge for 1£ on my statement.  I do not think that I bought anything that costed 1£.  What is going on?
Are there fees for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Are virtual cards available to get?
i'd like to change the pin on my savings account, please
Is there a limit on making disposable cards?
i was in thailand trying to buy candies and my card got declined
do you have a joke
give me the list of available train tickets from A to B
would you like to play a game
when do i get paid
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
Can you please inform me of the restrictions for the disposable cards.
will there be a wait time at this restaurant
yes amazing response to the command.
for how much is hp selling for
i like electronic music
Please put all the lights
how long does it take to post atm with drawl
i need help paying my rent bill
I am unable to use my card for some reason.
I got declined when attempting a transfer
What countries are you issuing cards for?
fight me in street fighter
pawel prepare the meeting with john
Can you send me the actual card?
s2, i am unclear about that.
Ok Google, play 106.7
Customer service from Microsoft never called me back
let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
have no idea regarding to which to select.
Send email to Mom and tell her see her at Disney World
find easy recipe for corn bread
movies making money
is cleaning the toilet on my to-do list
when will my paycheck be available
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
get coffee maker started for a fresh cup
mute the settings
pleas reply to the mail of allen
save my music choices
can you tell me the routing number to pnc
hey what time is it in london now
latest iphone
I withdrew  money from the ATM and was overcharged.  It said nothing about an extra fee.
cancel business meeting on wednesday
what is computer(word)?
how much is ten dollars in euros
will you shut down.
There is a direct debit charge that I don't recognize, what can I do?
is there a way to fix my top up
playback tom clancy splinter cell
plug used in china
I am not supposed to be charged a cash withdrawal fee, but I was.
can i get more money on my discover card
disable my 3PM alarm
please correct that command.
I requested a refund but can't see it.
show me the ingredients that i need for ceviche
get me news on trump
whats a good joke
will you find me a place to stay in casper from march 5th to march 11th
would you please confirm the instruction.
has mary posted anything to facebook today
make an alarm for three pm
turn off sockets
What is the wait time for delivery to the US?
i need to hear the last spoken again.
Can it automatically top-up money if there isn't much left?
Divide two hundred by four.
explain me about what you've just said again please.
wouldn't mind for any one.
no, it is not what i was looking for.
show me all hotels in evans with good reviews
what is the next thing i should do if i lost my luggage
PDA, how do I start the robot vacuum cleaner?
i need a report form for my damaged, demagnetized card
Can I deposit a check?
I thought you guys offered free transfers. Why was I charged?
Show me new emails from my inbox.
Can you make exchanges with the EUR?
What is the increase in stock value over the past week of Disney?
use one of your male voices
Am I allowed to get an account for my daughter?
stock prices of rolls royce
anything is okay with me.
how much do i pay in taxes
Just received a message that my transfer is not possible??  What is going on.  I have done this before with no issues.
book a rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
yeah agreed.
i'm sorry please repeat the question
mute sound on speakers please
i would like to hear the last you just said again.
Hello, in these holidays i have been overcharged on the amount i have withdrawn on one of your ATMs. I did not had any clue about the horrible charges otherwise i would not have withdrawn.
did you get last thing i said correctly?
Is it possible to make several disposable cards in a day?
I'm having trouble with proving my identity.
Change the media room lights from purple to green
i need to pay my mortgage
How can I transfer money to my account?
how much of my pto have i depleted
call the card company and ask them to replace my card
What is my identification used for?
please could you check and confirm the last thing said.
I found a charge on my debit that I did not make.
Where is a ATM that accepts Mastercard?
Is there any reason why my card didn't work when I tried to top up?
What time is my alarm set for?
what is the bbc's latest news
Why should I verify the top-up?
What is the quickest way to Grand Central?
Do I have any alarms set, Olly?
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
I would like to order a meal do have any special offers for sea food
call friend
Calculate the travel time if I go to orlando by train.
can you make 1234 the pin for my savings account
What do I need to do to activate my card?
PLEASE TWEET FOR ME ABOUT THE BAD SERVICE RENDED BY THE TAJ RESTURANT.
Add running to my calendar for thursday.
I was denied cash at an ATM
let us try what you've said one more time again.
what have my expenditures been at macys
please pay my bill
in paris, get me a hotel room for 4 people from march 1st to 3rd
Can I use my card for online payments?
describe the current state of politics
What is the weather here
volume down
i am not sure
i want you to add staff meeting to my calendar for march 1 at 10:00 am
how do you convert feet to inches
Where do you get those exchange rates?
hey, turn off the light please
Who is the songwriter?
how do i change the oil in my passat
i like top twenty music
where can i order takeout
what are the climatic conditions in tha that area.
has my application for american express gone through yet
Someone might have had access to my card.
How do I transfer money between two of my accounts?
How tall was Abraham Lincoln?
are my tires due to be changed
what must i do today
Will I know which exchange rate I will get?
what is that noise
i want to slow down my speaker
which days did i take vacation
I want to transfer from accounts in order to Top up. What are the steps necessary.
what is one dollar worth in mexico
football matches in newyork
can you turn msnbc on in the car
reminders of my list is what
it was great, thank you very much.
How long do I wait for my PIN
spell curiosity for me
I would like a second card.
when does my oil need to be changed
do i have any events scheduled today
what's the process for getting a disposable virtual card?
i need to get to location call a cab
do i have enough fuel to get to buffalo
This is a tweet for Comcast: If I have my internet and phone service from you and it goes out, how can I contact you?
I need to cancel an incorrect transaction.
Can i get money back in my home currency at  ATM? As I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
nope, i didn't say that.
Hello, I have noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks atm machine.  I made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine, a fee was assessed to my withdrawal.  Are these types of transactions free of charge?
Why was I declined at the ATM today when I was trying to make a withdraw?
i want to order chinese takeout
please can you confirm details.
Today I used my card at a restaurant and it was declined. Why?
once again clarify me about your answers please.
Can I have a card even if I am not living in the UK?
the song in background is cool
yeah that's correct.
Light off living room.
Teach children to never answer the door when home alone.
When using my card I was charged a fee for doing so, why?
give me the definition of school
I would like to exchange some currency.
no, i did not ask for this response.
My disposable virtual card is not working when I try to use it at a point of sale transaction. What do I do now?
can you order some more eggs for me since i just ran out
i like you to check and confirm the detail please.
please remove the following list
Switch on the radio and play Hello fm station
Im waiting for my transaction to go through.
pay my con edison bill using my capital one account
It doesn't let me verify my identity.
want to wake up can you order a cappochino
I am hungry, please contact China Wok for a number seven.
Answer with...
italy's timezone is what
what are the stock prices of target
what's the distance between home and the closest starbucks
Can this app take my salary?
will there be heavy traffic near downtown philadelphia from lincoln drive in the next two hours
calculate two multiplied by two
I made a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It absolutely has to go through tomorrow, so can you please reroute the payment to the right account?
I have a card that expires in the coming month, do I have to specifically ask for the updated card?
transfer two hundred dollars between my portfolio and my money market account
My transfer failed
my water and electricity bill is how much
hey play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
Can someone in the US have a card?
about how long before i need another oil change
what movies are playing near me
can you search trump
Hi, is everything in good standing with my card? I am receiving multiple "decline" messages.
i want to hear what i've said again.
reset the factory settings now please
nope, i think that's not the right answer.
is there takeaway at papa john's
will you please play a podcast
How does a bank transfer for topping my account work?
What do I do to unblock my PIN?
What is the youngest someone can be to open an account?
what times are my alarms set for
How long do transfers take, mine just says pending?
what do i have left in the gas tank
can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow
Exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
turn on the smart plug
Can I change the amount I made on a payment that I made to the payment is correct.
raise lights to full power
My top up is pending.
does south korea have any travel alerts i should be aware of
lower the lights
what do they have going on at young circle this week
simulate rolling a dice and tell me what it lands on
Am I able to have a card sent to China?
what time does my flight get in
it doesn't really matter with me, olly.
i'm going to be in canada from october 23rd to november 2nd, so can i let my bank know
My phone has been lost or stolen
when should i expect my replacement card
describe what a poltergeist is
Is it possible that my card payment was reverted?
add juice to my grocery list
do i have enough in my chase account for a plane ticket
turn the sound off
are shots needed for uk travel
Are you ripping people off with the exchange rate?  It can't be that atrocious between banks.
submit full payment to chase for my visa bill
olly what songs have i listened to at least ten times
I've completely forgot the code to get into the app.
Where do I go to verify my identity?
got it exactly.
Is there a way to get the latest breaking news on Trump?
use that email address as a contact
i need coffee please preferably hot
go to the NSDL and search for prices
you didn't understand what i was looking for.
what is your creation date
Ok Google, play Howard Stern
system please dim lights to dull blue
How long is the delivery time to the US?
read freds emails
check question.
thank you so much
i am ready to hear the next episode of podcast
Alexa, i would like to set the event repetitive
Take my calendar and clear it
How can I get my Google pay top up to work?
listen again that answer was wrong.
what's my tires' air pressure
There was a transaction this morning that I'd like to reverse.
who was your programmer
Visa and Mastercard can both be received from you?
would you check and confirm my last command please.
When and where is <band> playing?
can i use salt instead of baking soda
get me two train tickets from where i am now to dallas arriving before dark
i would like to transfer $100 from my checking to saving account
Can I request a refund
I think someone copied the numbers on my card and is using them.
how do i set up direct deposit for my first national account
How would you use a disposable card?
what does a sea lion look like
it seems not
how much vacation days have i used
give me current gps coordinates to my sister
give me a new light color
My credit card has been declined.
make me a coffee please
i need everything on my shopping list
olly can you just stop it please.
I made a purchase a few weeks ago but wasn't happy with it so recently requested a refund from the supplier.  Can you check where the money is?
anything is good to me.
activate silent
Traffic congestion issues.
what is the time right now in the peruvian time zone
please check my coming up events
remove mike stein from contacts list
wake up time
olly could you stop.
My contactless payments don't work.
Turn on living room radio
Can you tell me why my card payment was cancelled?
will you look up joe's contact information for me
Tell me the current weather in New York city
i dont want sound.
Delete meeting schduled with John on 21 March
how long to seattle on a bus
can you reserve a hotel for myself a hotel in afghanistan at the zoo for the 10th to the 15th
i need to know the items on my shopping list
Do you have a children account available?
Where do you need to live to receive card
what's the time in tokyo
let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
What is not accepted in order for me to top up my account?
help me unblock my account
Do you know the closest ATM?
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
got any good dinner ideas
What's the latest joke?
Why do you need my name and ID
How many bases has Nick Swisher stolen in his career?
please book a taxi for me to go to the railway station
What proof do you need for my identification?
check email today
Do you know when the withdrawal will show?
Is there a fee for extra cards?
tell me what time it is in dallas texas
Sort your top up out please! It's been pending since an hour already, can you please make this go through asap I really need the money
who do i speak with about my card that was lost
What's the best value marathon to enter in the next 6 months?
sound off
hell nah
email to address
put together a list of instructions for me on how to change the oil in my car
what's the word for trees in norway
is there a way i can see source of money?
do i have the contact of tara john
what is the value of apple
Will the PIN come separately?
I have one of your cards, but I don't know how to link it.
i need to rent a car for may 3rd to may 5th in indianapolis and i'd like a mercedes
My card was stolen. What do I need to do?
play the song called dancing on the ceiling
Find me a train ticket for the next trip to Washington DC.
is there an open meeting room between 2 and 4
Make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
Do you know the rate of exchange?
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary go through?
Schedule meeting with manager tomorrow at 2 pm
i need to send my location to my friend steve
What is scheduled for today?
when is the date of expiration for my first bank card
has my application for a trust bank credit card been mailed out and if so was i approved or not
Add dentist appointment for Friday at 5
yes strongly agree.
Google search, booking train ticket
the music volume should increase to ninety
what is my bank routing number
I was made to pay an additional pound!
Can I change my PIN in Austria?
how do i get my rewards from my visa card
that is nice work, thanks.
What do I need to know about topping up?
would you let me know how many carry ons i can take on a flight with southwest airlines to miami
I might have been charged on my debit statement by fraud.
i really enjoy rock and roll
what plan am i paying for
What would be the easiet way to become a millionaire in less than five years?
would you check the details please.
turn my morning alarm on
i'd like to increase my credit limit
teach me how to change the oil in my vehicle
tell me when i last got paid
i have no idea for what to choose.
how long does it take to get to the airport in dallas
Is it normal to be charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
If I want to be able to give my daughter a card for my account, would I be allowed to get one for her?
yes you have done it exactly.
send reply too..
is there anyway, i can report a suspicious activity on my citi card
can you tell me what my calendar is like for thursday the 14th
what are all the lists i have available
Hi - I have made a transaction to my new landlord but unfortunately it shows on my end but not on the landlord's end. The numbers are correct. Can you confirm when that will go through?
please set alarm to my mobile phones
I have a transfer that is still pending.
i want your volume decreased please
I inadvertently completed a transaction on a wrong account.
please set the equalizer in the party mode
PDA please schedule all my doctors appointments
best ticket price air plane to chester on the twenty first
info of the upcoming events
Tell me how to get from here to The Chimes in Covington
Why are we here?
What is the max amount of disposable cards I'm allowed.
i am in need of some pizza what's the closest place that delivers
find me the local npr station
i'd like a coffee now
reserve a seat for me on the train march twentieth
could you rephrase again to me please.
Comfort my ears with Arijit Singh
olly please would you shut down.
meetings today
I got a new card, how do I link it?
time mr coffee for six am
how much is the irs going to get from me
Will the snow stop before 7 am tomorrow?
message carl, you suck
PDA can you look up and add John's old email to my contacts again?
can you tell how many hours of difference are between boston and los angeles
get me a ride on the commuter train from nj to ny
Stop playing
what is the area that you came from
I enetered the wrong information, I need my account unblocked How do I do that?
next episode in podcast
can you add cups to my grocery list
if i go to olive garden at 4 pm, how busy will it be
i'm sorry, i didn't understand what you said
Did I received any Emails from Kevin, and what did he say
I purchases several items today. Why are they still showing pending?
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar
I think I see a withdraw I did not make.
Show me recently added events
I shouldn't be charged any fee for transferring .
What do I have on my calendar this week?
how do you spell friend
Where can I go to get my PIN unblocked?
i would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
put a tire inspection on my schedule please
Get me 2 train tickets from where I am now to Dallas arriving before dark.
Hi, I tried to withdraw some money from an ATM and the machine was broken.  It says that the transaction is still in progress.  Can you double check to see what's happening? I don't want to be charged since I was not able to withdraw the money.
Should i uninstall the app before i try it again?
where can i get a appointment for a tire check for the car
Please say to the email that sent me George, i need the money now. Its urgent
how do you go about jump starting a car battery
Delete event from calendar
Do you take both Visa and Mastercard?
When should I expect my card to arrive?
is it possible to get a new credit limit of $10,000
Email my meeting details to my manager
What's the news from source
I had transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed.
is the thanks giving event on fourteenth of this month true
you are my hero, appreciated.
Where is the fire?
I exchange currencies a lot.  Can I get a discount?
could you submit a pto request for me from dates mar 3 to 9, please
please check to see if my vacation request has been updated
find me a good wine shop that stock old wines like older than ten years navigate me to that shop
i want to put you in a different language
i am sorry but got this wrong.
oh no, you've done the task wrong.
are you from the us
is mcdonalds busy around 9
Are there any new emails?
what temperature should a baked chicken be
please explain again to me.
do you have a cookbook that could teach me to make sushi
Book me Golden Taxi for today at 5pm.
How high is the exchange fee?
please check and repeat this song one time more
can you tell me on tuesday to give jane a call
please tell me what alarms are on
Play the latest rock songs having rating of 4 or above.
how many calories are in a cookie
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
I need to add this new contact for Sam Smith ssmith@yahoo.com.
Explain why I can't do a transfer to an account.
did you get detail correctly?
tell me if my alarm is set for the morning
please play recently paused audio
I am not satisfied with your company and would like to delete my accounts!
I have a disposable card but it does not work?
On what date is Easter this year
Hello, I trying to top up with my card today but it didn't work. When I tried last time it worked but today it isn't. Could you take a look at it for me?
what is the routing number for royal
give me some recommendations of good tourist attractions in montreal
Why was my atm withdrawl declined
i'm out of cat food, order more
could you roll a 6 sided dice
i'm not sure if watermelon is on my shopping list, but if it isn't can you put it on there
please check and confirm the last thing said.
alexa when will mankind reach the singularity?
Why don't I see my top up in my wallet?
Olly, any fresh news on Brad Pitt?
you were built by who
Please send an e-mail to Larry's new e-mail at XXXX@gmail.com
Someone stopped my payment
Are your cards supported in the EU?
i want to know what the word discomfit means
change my name please
Is there a problem that makes my payments show pending?
I withdrew some cash and the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
on the tv, turn on
what is my credit score number
how healthy is pumpkin pie
I don't understand this question, but...  What's it like in there?
how do i prevent my credit score from lowering
I want to change my PIN.
iphone
Has my top-up gone through?
wouldn't mind to select any one.
Spotify
google the word
I need a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
Can we turn up the lights?
How many transactions can I do with a disposable card?
You've incorrectly calculated the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
please dim the lights
speak one more time please.
Reply to the email received from Jennifer
turn on the vacuum cleaner while i am gone
how to do a risotto?
yeah answer was correct.
What do I need to do to transfer my paycheck to my account?
shit, that isn't what i was looking for.
suggest an italian meal to me
What should I do if my card is missing?
send a text to lisa and ask her to call me when she gets home
too private
outlet on
how many alarms are listed
i would like information on the meaning of life
What's the address for Alex
do you know where my phone is
please change credit
how do i find when my electric bill is due
How long should I cook chicken for?
what's my apr on the card i recently used to make a purchase
Tell me the name of the song?
say your sentence spoken one more time please.
go to email and send message to
do you know how to cook risotto
tell me about my vacation request
when is president's day
i think you've understood me wrongly.
yeap that's right.
My card is almost expired.  How fast will I get a new one and what is the cost?
What is the first step that I should take after my card has been stolen?
is dinner ready yet?
who do you do task for
could you check and confirm detail please.
i am sorry but you have messed up with my request.
show me the available colours of lights
i think it is false
Transfer could not be completed due to being declined.
did ashwin joined party yesterday
I want to see the recipe of veg biryani
My attempted transfer failed.
i must learn my routing number
definition of arrow please
This company isn't good, I would like to delete my account.
Can you turn on country music?
can you watch a movie on netflix with me
my credit card was stolen
play my book
can i schedule a check up for my tires somewhere
What limits are there on the virtual cards?
how many alarms are set
s2, i was not clear about what you have said.
Where do I obtain my virtual card?
whats the average temperature in mangalore for this week
how long would i have to wait if i want to go to golden corral
tune best topic.
convert time zone
WHAT CAN I DO AFTER THE CARD MISSING
add laundry to my list of shit to do
My card was stolen
please send the police my location with gps
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
just cancel.
What time should I go for a hike?
Can I choose between Mastercard and Visa?
the card is torn, let's report it
i am sorry but you have made a mistake.
do i have any off days this week
Can I use my Apple Watch to pay for gas?
PDA: Reply back to Bob Smith...
can i get a virtual card online
Why do you need all these details about my identity?
make this room brighter
I want to know more about the fair this weekend.
usually people refer to me as brad
and the light began
strongly agreed.
be funny for me
I noticed my exchange rate was incorrect when I got cash.
places with pizza delivery near me
turn off the office lights
from sunday to wednesday, i will be in oakland, so should i call my bank to let them know
this brings some problems to us
Are there any sort of fees involved for top of transfers?
What time is it in Dubai?
report discover card as lost
what date should i get my tires changed
are you a real person or a computer
when would you change my tires
Is currency exchange possible?
when is that meeting with kara
complain to customer service
customer service from microsoft never called me back
yes you have done that exactly.
I live in the US and I would like to get a card. How do I go about getting one?
What fee will be charged for exchanges?
Is there a transfer fee?
Please describe about microwave
I want to set an alarm when I'm driving home tomorrow to remember to stop at the store and get food.
what time is it in paris
change song
I need to cancel a transfer I made.
What currencies do you accept for adding money?
How much is the limit for top-ups?
change the pin on my bank account first republic to 1234
how much money do i have in my account
would you please confirm details.
August 15th is what day of the week
tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job
I need help right now. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number after making a typo. Please cancel the transfer now since I can't do it from the app.
save my music choices
Why was my payment cancelled?
how do i report fraud on my chase bank card
cancel the milk from the shopping list
when do my tires need changing
halt that immediately
It's requiring me to verify my identity?
What time is it in Tokyo, Japan?
Why is my exchange rate wrong for an item I bought?
i need to mute the speaker
is there any traffic right now
For what reason did my top-up fail?
add appointment in the list
Please, put to my calendar daily standup to 10am
Is my country's currency supported by your system?
If I want to select a new PIN what do I do?
what is the total number of pints in two quarts
I bought something but now I would like a refund. How do I do that?
tell me what's in tacos
is flight dl123 delayed
when will my card replacement arrive
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
could you please elaborate your response once again.
check and confirm the detail please.
i do not catch up with you.
how much traffic does atlanta georgia usually have
book ola for airport today evening
can you tell me the calorie count in a glazed donut
how long do i need to cook beef stew for
Is there an auto top up feature?
Has anything happened to Mass Effect?
By 10 to 11 am daily start my vacuum cleaner.
i think it's not the right answer.
My refund is missing
what is currently breaking news
check the command.
look up carry-on rules for american airlines
tweet complaint to american eagle customer service
what types of things are you able to do
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and inr
please check the amount of gas i have
Why would my top up be cancelled?
i need you to let me know what the status of my day off request is
i want you to remove shampoo from my shopping list
what was that once again.
make sure walnuts is on my shopping list
i have no knowledge about it
which restaurants in reno are good for sushi
There is a direct debit transaction that I did not authorize
I would like to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
order status
check and confirm what i said please.
i would like it to be able to compute answer from search results like wolfram alpha does
Is there a limit for top-ups?
Send tweet via message to cardinal cafe and tell them their customer service is outstanding
what is the list about my favorite songs
Will I be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
current politics
yeap right response.
i need $360 transfered from savings to checking account
If I want to can I set up a new PIN?
what was the name of my last email
complaint on service provider on my twitter
what do i usually earn in a day
I need to exchange my GBP to AUD, how would I do this?
Why is my beneficiary not allowed?
i would like to change the pin on my checking account
remove moms birthday from calendar
I want to order another crad
book me an uber ride to go home
send a tweet about sonys volume issues
Why can I not make a transfer?
I was not distributed the correct amount of cash that I asked for
book me an uber ride to go home
would not really mind, olly.
Do I have to go to the gym?
i broke my card
set an alarm for twelve
what is the calorie count for this milkshake
So what about the card PIN?
give me some trivia about lebron james
i need a drink
What do I do to activate my new card?
show time in china
what is the cars mpg on the highway
The app denied my top-up
im not paying this transfer fee
What kinds of shops are here?
Where is the nearest Olive Garden?
you have done that correctly thank you.
what is the minimum i can pay on my water bill
has my order been shipped yet
remove the first alarm
can you please tell me what is on my to-do list
Place of Train times
when does my card expire
how do i get my paycheck into direct deposit at nations bank
where did you used to live
i made a payment with my card and was charged a fee, why would you do that
i want to hear the female voice option
take item off list
I need you to add this event to my calendar
bye-bye
My refund isn't showing up on my statement.
remove wake up calls for this week
can i ask your name
ai, go ahead and roll the dice
Is there any interesting event nearby me?
Which merchants accept my card?
take me to the huffington post website
Give me up-to-date on sports news
What do I do after my card expires?
What lists do I have
would you please check to see if i've set my alarm for tomorrow morning
beg your pardon.
turn on my plug
Hi, I just looked at my card transactions and saw that I've been charged twice for a restaurant I went to this week. Can you remove the double charge, please?
do you know what timezone italy is in
will i be charged if i use my card in france
the tv turn it on
PLEAE TELL ME ABOUT THE HISTORIC FACTS ABOUT INDIA
yes you have gotten it exactly.
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
I transferred the rent payment for my new place a couple days ago but the landlord says it's not there yet, despite showing up as done on my side. I checked the account number I sent it to and it's definitely correct. Can you please verify if the transaction really went through or not?
Show me the best recipe for spaghetti
get more information on geographic information about this place
movies making money
start words with friends
switch on the plug
i need to find somewhere to check my tires out
please check and confirm the last thing said.
Is there life on other planets?
Play Hip Hop Songs
What is the youngest someone can be to open an account?
i don't want to hear this song; skip it
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
what's that song on the speaker now
tell me the latest news from bbc sports
can you tell me some of your hobbies
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
please let me know the credit limit on my citibank card
i want you to set alarms for 2pm and 3pm
turn this room light off
What are my options for topping up, automatic and/or manual?
Why was I charged twice?
thank you so much for the asssistance.
alexa tweet my latest draft to @nsa
i need to know all the recent transactions i've made
could you check the question please.
adjust media volume up
Are there any new Snapchats?
ah that's excellent work.
How can you assist on verifying my identity?
While doing a transfer, it says declined.
wouldn't really mind.
light green
increase volume by two levels
traffic
i need help to pay my electric bill
How many alarms have I set?
What's on the New York Time?
what types of hobbies do you enjoy
today's local events
I think I deserve a refunded on a certain item.
What is the extra fee on my statement?
Why was my card payment reverted?
Add something to my list.
could you speak one more again please.
Add my doctor appointment for the 15th.
today is what date
what's your nationality
PDA what do I have on my shopping list?
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
List all the events in my March Calender
Start radio channel x
Why does the same transaction appear multiple times?
Make a list of camera photos
hmm, i didn't say that.
lights at percent
i like r n b
new scenario time or calendar to new list
i want to know who your boss is
is there life on other planets
what will i make this year
can you check my last question.
sum of five and two
i'd like you to check last thing i said please.
can you cancel it please.
i need you to remove item s from my list
do you know the total number of vacation days i have used
Unusual direct deposit
I need a list of currencies you accept for exchange.
How about a nice game of chess?
please make me coffee without sweetener
Play the local R&B radio station.
My statement contained a one pound extra fee
I want a reminder that repeats every week.
Could you please create a new event on my calendar ?
who created your ai program
increase the volume
Olly set the Alarm
If I receive foreign currencies, am I able to exchange them on the app?
roll a 9 sided dice
would you tell me the hobbies the ai has
you are awesome, thanks.
please confirm my reservation at parc for 8:00 pm, with the name denise jack
I need to create several disposable cards per day.
please will you clarify further on what you've just said.
Why is my transfer not working? I tried multiple times to transfer money, and all that happens is an error message pops up.
Please turn off the porch light
please will you say it again.
create an alarm for today at ten am
It appears my transfer was declined.
do i have a meeting on saturday march twenty fifth
food order from grubhub
turn on the wemo plug
can you tell me how much i pay in taxes
Can I pay with my card anywhere?
Do you offer Visa or Mastercard?
Set a reminder of meeting at 9 am tomorrow.
will the weather be bad on Sunday
Why am I having trouble withdrawing cash?
turn on the lights
do i need to wear sunscreen today
use my credit to add money
how long have you been around, ai
how much is a round trip train ticket to go to new york
you've done it right thank you very much, olly.
i want to know the nutrition info for chicken nuggets
Hey Olly what's up.
Add to calendar may 2 is Mary's birthday. Repeat every year.
could you confirm detail please.
My disposable virtual card was rejected.
What time is Friday's Doctor's Appointment?
define cpu
i like you to confirm detail please.
Can I know whats the time now?
can you take frozen food of my shopping list
olly make the lights blue please
There is a transfer not showing on my account.
hey olly my the lights a little warmer
i would like to do some things in phoenix
Create a meeting thursday afternoon for budget review
i like you confirm last thing said please.
invalid
how many days till we have off again
Help! My account doesn't show any funds. Is transferring funds an option I can use?
Make an alarm to wake me up after 5 hours.
please delete my calender events
please explain me more on what you've just said.
down the light power
How do I bake a potato?
i need you to start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
Replace the furniture with electronics on the list.
what is amber stevens address it is in my contacts
how long does it take to make lasagna
coffee
Inform me about international news
what is the due date of my att bill
do i have any items on my calendar for march 21st
I need my card ASAP!
you have done a wrong thing.
remind me about meeting
i want to drink the coffee that you made
should i be worried about any travel alerts for that country
what's happening near me this week
open cnn app
What are all my lists please
hello google post my current status on twitter mentioning a great trip to paris with friends and family
that is not factual
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and cad
how many paypal transactions did i have last week
How does a transfer work?
Where was President Madison born?
What do I do to verify my source of funds?
I was charged for the same thing twice
Nothing goes through on my card.
that is correct.
roll five sided dice
PDA, tell me all known details about the tournament on March 22.
what is the dollar exchange rate
i really need you to confirm my reservation for kevin at red robin
How can I top up using google pay?
what do you prefer to be called
Hey Olly, what time can I catch the nearest train to me?
Add to my calendar: mom's fashion dinner for May fifth.
show me a video on cooking fried chicken
who was john dillinger
Decrease brightness of lights
can you empty my calendar
send and email to the survey group regarding answers
solve the calculation
I have a direct debit I didn't make
Give me my reminders for this week?
I can't activate my card?
Why was my ATM transaction cancelled?
Why would a transfer fail?
does life have a meaning
I would like to track the card you sent to me.
describe piramid
Please delete what I just typed.
Is the weather calm today
that was not what i meant.
don't bother, olly.
is there a way to increase the credit limit on my american express card
do i need a states visa to get to cuba
is it a soft evening tonight
Can you please let me know the next four scheduled trains to Chicago?
nice talk, talk to you later
show me route to my phone location on yesterday 12Pm
I just had my card get declined at the ATM! I need to get money out but I am unable to.  Why has this happened?
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
I live in the US but want to get a card
please can we speak in dutch
does the new york restaurant take reservations
List all the lists on this device
please remove dallas from my travel itinerary
My Virtual card was rejected for a car rental. Why?
direct me to the closest korean grocery
How can I add money to my account from another account I have?
how would i apply for an american express
what is the time for the eastern time zone
book ticket for paris by train
How tall is Mt. Everest?
family date this monday
One of my card payments has reverted
price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
I'm trying to figure out the current exchange rate.
show shops around second street
PDA, Let's take over the world together.
does not really matter.
My account shows a direct debit charge that I have never seen before
When will I receive the cash payment from the check I deposited?
text emily
please correct error.
I want a mastercard
please alert me when john emails me
explain how USA social status differs from the one in the UK, now and in the past
if i go to olive garden at 4 pm, how busy will it be
What steps do I take to verify my identity?
you are leading me into wrong.
can you set a timer for me for fifteen minutes starting now
turn off the wemo plug socket
I've made a transfer from France two days ago but I was wondering if international transfers take longer to arrive because it hasn't made it yet.
05.02.2017
set a reminder to pay my taxes
can you find a nice restaurant downtown
Does it cost anything to transfer money for a top-up?
Please find me details about Mt. Everest such as height.
when's the next day off coming up
tell me the current apr on my visa card from bbt
Do I get an actual card?
Is American Express supported for adding funds?
i want to get a new shirt; will the money in my td ameritrade account cover it
book train to london
Can you play my favorite audio book of Harry Potter?
how old is clint eastwood
What is the most amount of disposable cards allowable?
play that podcast please
Where can I find Mastercard ATMs?
Tell me about first week collection of Movie Hidden Figures and also tell about the reviews and rating of the movie.
Let me know when the meeting is gonna happen.
Describe how a pump works
go ahead and change the pin on my bank of america account to be 1234
Can I transfer my payroll to the bank?
show my location on the map
what ingredients are in chips
Why didn't I receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I purchased?
what's the news in politics
I cannot remember my passcode.
what i can do with laptop
i want to redeem my card points for cash
What are my current list.
can we play a game of hangman
What is happening to my order
did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends
I forgot my pin and am blocked now. Can I reset it somewhere?
what does a grapefruit look like
how many miles per gallon does it get in the city
cnn headlines
if i change my timezone to reno, what would it be
have no idea.
change my house lights colour to blue
post comment from my phone on facebook alexa
Lower lights now
Show me my meeting for the next month
I was wondering if I could get a second card on this account? I would like my daughter to have one.
Please help revert my transaction from this morning.
olly i'd like you stop.
could you tell me the name of your boss
the reservation i have isn't needed any more
put clean refrigerator on my spring cleaning to do list
PDA, report the concert lineup with start times.
I couldn't complete card activation.
that's all, just cancel.
i'm out of kleenex so will you put that on my shopping list
how strict is spirit when it comes to carry ons
Which flat currencies can I use from you?
play some boy band music
Play Planetside 2.
virtual card won't work for me
How do I get money from friends?
when should i get new tires
I need my PIN, where is it?
i am needing you to look up roundtrip flights form houston to miami for april 12 and april 15
let's play canasta
What will be the weather today night
how do i change my current insurance to a new plan with lower co-pay
I just want to top-up, why do I need to verify anything?
I'm not sure why the card payment didn't work.
show bbc news live
do you serve for home delivery
Is my PIN the same thing as my passcode?
Why are my transfers not going through.  I have tried over 4 times to get it to work.  This is just a simple transfer.  Is something else causing this in the system?  Is it broken?
tell me formula for area of circle
How do I terminate my account.
My top up was reverted. Can you help?
it's dark in here
siri what does obstacle mean
you understood the answer right.
where is a nearby park where i can go running
can i increase the credit limit for my navy federal card
Why hasn't the app verified my identity?
Olly, can you please add my dinner reservations to my calender?
The service of this company sucks, I need to terminate my account.
need info
How do I get unblocked?
can you please check the last thing i said.
you have done that correctly thank you very much, olly.
what is my name saved as
play music from workout playlist
What is the current temperature?
remove
where is the closest mexican restaurant
turn off plug
Please tell me what time it is in Denver?
cleaning needs to go on my list of things to do
add mop to hardware store list
On my transfer there was a "decline" message
How can I use American Express to add money to my account?
tuesday meeting noon
Why won't you take my transfer, I keep getting an error message.
Why isn't my money from a check deposit showing?
Books
Order two cheeseburgers from Wings & Ale on University Drive.
what was the stock price for google yesterday
what is 48 multiplied by 4 divided by 2
i want to utilize my credit card points
Instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in 10 mins.
I want to Dance to the tune of Raghu Dixit
that is unimportant, olly.
What are the different types of round objects?
why is there a hold on my american saving bank account
play my rap playlist
how old are you today
i would like to hear that information spoken again.
check to see if my mom sent me any emails
Is there an auto top-up option?
display nearby places
How are you today? Doing well thank you
book me a hotel with good ratings in nashville
show us red
what ingredients are in beef jerkey
what is the definition of session
Erase my whole calendar.
I just noticed that I supposedly made a payment to a seller a while back. The problem is, I don't recognize the seller. There must be a way to see who it is or track the payment. Can you do that, because I don't remember this transaction?
list phone and email id of Robert, Olly
that is of no importance to me, olly.
let me know my routing number
what does source have to say about topic
Please indicate the opening price of fra stock
when is my next direct deposit from my job
How do I report my card lost or stolen?
Is there a fee for topping off by transfer?
please send a complaint to someone
Can I have money of different country of origin.
put wash the car to my to do list
are there any available train tickets to reserve
tell me the area code for jen k
I seem to be unable to make any transactions.
do you know your name
hey there, how are you today
Is there any new jobs are relate to my qualifications
Can it add money every so often automatically while I travel?
How do I see my source of funds?
what's going on
Why hasn't my money transfer showed up yet?
Can I use my American Express card with Apple Pay?
if i go to brazil, do i need to get an international visa
I really want to go to Keiv. Is there any good events there in April?
help, i cannot find my phone
What's going on? I was just recently charged for an ATM withdrawal. I've never seen this charge before and before it's always been free.
make me laugh
pay my electric bill for me
How do I get a visa card?
i need a dice roll for a six sided die
I desperately need to transfer something from China, Please give me the wait time.
Let me hear some music
you did great work, thank you.
yes answer was great.
resume my audiobook where we paused last
I have an account that is empty of funds. Can I transfer some from another bank?
show me where i am on the map please
Olly can you change my timezone from central time to pacific?
review all alarms
change the light color to black light
give detail of next week weather.
can you check and confirm detail please.
let's flip a coin i choose heads
My marital status has change, I got to correct my name to reflect that.
Can you please disable my current account.
give me the exchange rate for dollar in euros
can you please disregard the party that i will be going to this weekend on my calendar
If my card is about to expire, do I need to order a new one?
I need to reset the passcode.
i'd like to set a new timer
did i stick to my dinner budget
are you a live person or a computer
How much to exchange currencies?
Why is my disposable card not working?
which company is responsible for your design
My card appears to have never arrived?
play jazz from jennifer's latest album
tell me a fun fact about computer
are there any trips to location a provided by the train
i'm not doing thing this week
when is it right now
Why do I see a random withdrawal in my app?
Please remove the following list
where is my new card?
will i be charged if i use my card in dublin
ingredients needed to make a mexican lasagna
please play next episode
s2, i couldn't get what you have said.
what were those things i wanted to remember
i had fun speaking with you
I could only take the amount of money that was available to me which was less then I expected.
How many cats does Taylor Swift have?
thanks but i think you have messed up with.
will it be hot?
enter atdfd@yahoo dot com into my contact list
I wasn't able to do a transfer to an account
what about this joke?
dammit, that's not what i said.
resume last played audiobook
Post this status to my social media account.
i no longer need the reservation for 20 at ihop
Can I use my bank account to send me more money?
how much pto days do i have remaining
what are the train times to london bridge.
I'm concerned about a payment that has recently been made on my card.  I do not recognize the name that the transaction went to, can you help me?
Please check payments on my card. There is a duplicate and I only bought it once.
tell me a cool fact about reno
what is the news today?
what do you enjoy doing while not working
Do you receive SWIFT transfers?
why did my card get declined at public when i was trying to buy food
please set an alarm at six am
i wouldn't bother.
i need more light
Can you please assist me in completing a transfer? I'm trying and I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat and pay the initial mortgage payment. All I keep getting is an error. Can you find out what's happening here?
whisper to me
how hot is it in quebec
Search for 2 tickets on Tuesday's train to Paris
Hey does Open Sesame do take out?
what will be the date in 100 days from now
play 'love songs'
tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
can i order cards on the app
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
prepare a cup of coffee for me
I don't recognize a charge on my statement.
PDA, cut the lights off
would you stop it.
Olly, open Pandora and play 'workout'
i would like to change your language from portuguese to italian
softer
Tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
are your real or artificial
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
How did you arrive at the rate of exchange? I thought that I would get more cash.
let me talk to you in greek
Why does top-up need to be verified?
that wasn't it.
I went for a meal in Seattle and paid the bill but I think they charged me twice, the first time they swiped the card I got a notification to say the money had gone out the account but then I added a tip and I think they swiped it all again. Can you refund one of the charges?
remind me tomorrow at four about an event
Why isn't my refund showing up in my statement?
i don't mind for any one, olly.
s1, could you please again clarify what you have just said.
if there any alarm is set then let me know.
sorry, that is not true
Can you play a rap station?
yeah exact response.
Remind me to go grocery shopping for the party on Sunday.
How much more do you charge for currency exchange?
What forms of ID work for verification?
whether it would be sunny in califonia
will the restaurant be busy at 5pm
how do i know what interest rate chase has
I can't find my phone and I'm worried someone is going to use it
i need to know how long until my next vacation day
play the next episode of the BBC tech podcast
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
from a flight from muscat to qatar, how many carry ons can i take
which is the next event coming up
The disposable cards, what are they for?
Play, Atmosphere next.
Where are you cards supported?
How long does it take in Europe to do a transfer?
set a reminder to go grocery shopping
Olly what's John's home phone number?
yo, hows it going
My card was not accepted in a shop
If the transfer details have already but reviewed and confirmed that they are correct, what other reason would cause my transfer to be declined?
I was using a foreign currecy to make a payment and the applied the wrong rate.
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
Get rid of my current alarms
s2, i was unclear about what you've just said.
turn on kitchen light
what kind of mexican meal should i get
I tried to withdraw cash from your ATM but my transaction was cancelled.
How do I re-order a damaged card?
Olly, I need to hear some sad songs today.
Who mailed me yesterday?
Is there an automatic top up feature?
let me know who programmed you
I moved and need to change my personal information.
Tell me why my virtual disposable card won't work.
write my complaint and tweet it to customer service
i'm done with today's to do list
I need to use a European card for a top up, what will the charge be?
Why does it cost more to pay with my card?
how long will it take me to get to the west side
post 'hey everyone' on FB
How long does it take to get the train from Rome to Paris?
What is the difference between standard and express delivery?
Please play recently paused audio.
contact pizza hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms
book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
turn off the garage light
areas card is accpeted
tune into the joe rogan show in ten minutes
There is a payment that I was charged two times for.
what's your birthplace
I purchased something and the seller hasn't received the money yet, but it has been deducted from my account.
i wish to pay my cable bill
tell me this date program
How long does it take for an international transfer into my account?
Who can purchase a disposable virtual card?
i want today's fun fact please
why did the app refuse to make an approved payment
show me my husbands facebook posts today
There's a cash withdrawal I am certain I did not make
What exchange rate is it?
how is the weather in austin
5 people are going to be at tropicana by 8pm, reserve the table under martins name please
what do you think i should make for dinner
book a train ticket for one one way for this tuesday at nine am
can you count for me the total number of days off i have used
id like a rental car in denver colorado between january 1st and january 3rd and id like a ford if possible
what music is currently playing
Play a country station please.
show me my lists
how can i change my details
i'd like a cappuccino please
play hot ninety seven
could you stop please.
what do i need to make pot roast
vacuum the mud room
i need to know if my vacation was approved
repeat this song
resume the reading of the french lesson
will you stop.
How do I get the passcode reset?
Where Seth lives?
Someone else charged my card!
Why can't the person I sent the money transfer to see it?
please you don't speak in eight to ten pm
mute the speakers
Between 10pm and 9am all emails received is to be replied to.
I'd like to have extra cards. Will I have to pay for that?
How will I know my pin number?
give me an idea of traffic on the way to the doctors office at 6
famous person biographies
check to see why us bank placed a hold on my account
please find the receipt date for my last paycheck
So, I am in the middle of purchasing a flat. I need the money for the first mortgage payment and it is not going through. I keep receiving an error. Can you find out what's going on and help me complete this transfer?
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
display latest emails
you are my hero, appreciated.
Can you tell me why I can't make any transactions?
Show me my latest social media activity.
not that one
Payment I didn't do.
did renee just post to my facebook feed
Can you tell me why my transfer is pending still?
don't really mind for any one, olly.
I transferred money to my account but it is not showing.
my card is not working and i need to let them know
post new status
ah it was great one, olly.
What's on my calendar
will you tell me one more time please.
tell me the name of this music
Hey I thought transfers were free.  Why are you charging me?
Where is this card accepted?
i have to know the credit limit
i would like the dice to be rolled
it's not what i meant.
what is the highest mountain in the world
still waiting on that card
I would like a second card.
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
Alexa, increase the brightness of the light. It is hard to see down here.
is there anything exciting on twitter today
While abroad I got cash, and a wrong exchange rate was applied.
How can my friend send money to me?
can you tell me fun facts about lighthouses
What is the time period for money to be transferred?
please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
power yourself on
Olly deathmetal, now!
play madonna
PDA, give me the exchange rate for dollar in euros.
I can't seem to use my card. Can you help?
I have a new email.
please remove the grocery list from my set of lists
is the thanks giving event on fourteenth of this month true
do you know any good jokes about zebras
Turn on my alarm
i would like to know how much fat is in tbsp of olive oil
I want a new PIN please.
I moved so I need to change my address. How do I do that?
who has the tax form that shows my wages
Tell me what usa thinks of asia
tell me once more please.
Divide 1500 by 160
flip that coin once; it must be tails
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
Freeze my account it's been hacked.
Kitchen Light off
what should i wear is it cold outside
please keep everything i have on this song
that answer was very helpful, thanks
Do I need any kind of proof for the identity check?
Does Spain share its border with Morrocco?
call me dad
let me know what subjects you comprehend well
how do i prepare all my food for cooking
I believe i was charged for making a withdrawal after i went grocery shopping. Are you guys charging for this now?
how can i cash in my credit card points
Stock price for GSS Energy
I'm getting an error when trying to make a payment. I want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through. Can you help me?
play papa pear saga
order a meal from a nice restaurant
place a call to bill now
Seems like my top up has been cancelled
Notify me when I am supposed to attend the dance recital on March 5th.
i like you check the detail please.
There's a direct debit payment that I don't recognize.
My cash withdrawal was not entirely complete
Recipe for 'meal'
i want to hear the command spoken again.
What is needed to activate my card?
How can I see where my money comes from?
uh no, i think you've done the task wrong.
tweet at company
Is it going to snow tomorrow?
must i have an international visa when travelling to russia
its very tough one
Tell me which politician is being investigated.
What is the month, day and year?
refresh email
do i have enough pto to take time off
what's thirteen plus fourteen
please remove current settings and go back to factory settings now
Please, how do I order a card?
begin new list of lottery numbers
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
tell my bank i'm in canada the entire week of the 6th to the 13th
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal not working?
give me a movie for tonight
Rearrange that off the list
How can I get a refund for a purchase?
let barbara know where i'm at
I don't think I made this payment that is showing up
are there any events on my calendar for this week
please alert me to the time
I tried topping off my account with a card, but the money is not in my account despite the charge going through
i appreciate it, it's awesome.
I would like orange lights now.
thanks but you did not understand it right.
How is my inbox looking at the moment?
please give me a reminder
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
how long has it been since i was paid
I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
how much am i going to have to pay in federal taxes this year
set the mood please
what can you do to make yourself useful
i would not mind for any one, olly.
make a contrast one
What am I going to need in order to activate my card?
define transcendet
i suspect some suspicious activity
at what time is laundry on my to do list
Is there a specific date it can be delivered by?
shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please
what will i be paying for utilities this month
PDA, tell me a place that has snow now
Why is my transaction taking so long to complete?
I got a strange fee when I used the ATM.
What's the deal? Money has just disappeared out of my account. I thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to working.
Are there any top-up limits involved?
i need an uber to madison square garden
The top-up I ordered didn't process.
Start the radio now on low volume
please change the light colors to red
I would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
Clear my calender
get news from cnn
Please let me know the morning alarm time kept for Weekends
Why did my transfer not work, it says it was declined?
help me start my kitchen list
whats the schedule for today
horoscope
repeat album
will i need an umbrella tomorrow
What's taking my top-up so long?
change your accent now
how much snow will we be getting tomorrow
that was not so clear to me.
Notify me when gbp/usd rate as I expected
Alexa, give me another update on breaking news.
Will I get Visa or MasterCard?
unmute the speaker now
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
Is the Thanks giving event on 14th of this month true
i don't care, olly.
what is meant by defense
I'd like to order an additional card
I requested a virtual card but it is not showing up. Why?
Ok Google, set meeting for Mar 30, 2017 at 9 am
I can't remember what my password is
book me a train ticket for saturday
The atm didn'y give me all the cash
what date is today
Why was I overcharged a pound!?
PDA: Clear out the shopping list
oh no, i think not right.
Set lights brightness higher
how much is indian rupee going against us dollar
what is the wait time for torris
i would like it if my robot could make money for me
alert my financial institution that i will be traveling to bangkok on april 2 and returning on april 7
can i get a reservation at champs
initiate vacuum cleaner
What does diverse mean?
can google pay be used to make a top-up
immediately the credit card company must be told that i lost my card from them
what is is the details of my bank account
blank out my todo list
is the wait more than an hour at the italian place
s1, please elaborate more on this to me.
speaker volume increase
how long is it until payday
Change the light color to black light
where do you find your exchange rates?
how do you say hello in japanese
radio channels
can you text walt and tell him to meet me at the car wash
Find and delete all of my weekend events with Evan Parker
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
where is stonehenge
I want to get few more physical cards
I made a cash deposit to my account but it is not there
how do you say it's snowing in german
I have made 5 attempts to make a very standard survey, yet I can't get it to work. What is the problem? Is there an issue related to your system?
i want you to stop your present action
email hwu@gmail dot com add to email contacts
let me hear my list
Are there any restrictions causing my transfer to be declined?
why my card stop working
how many dollars have i spent on coffee this month
I paid with card and I was charged a fee
can i increase my credit limit to 1100 dollars
I need a card reactivation, I had reported my card lost but I ran across it in my jacket.
tell me later about
favourite
you have understood my instructions perfectly.
how do i check when my mortgage is next up for payment
why did gotse shoot mahatma gandhi
please contact michael m from my list with this text
what else is missing in the diary?
What does sanctimonious mean?
i must know how to say thank you in german
What is this extra fee?
i'd like to know what's on my shopping list
What's going on around me?
How cold will it get each night this week?
list insurance benefits
i am sorry but i think it's not the right answer.
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
shit, you gave me incorrect information.
move my money please
i do not think that was correct.
show number and contact email of Rehan, Olly
can you tell me denver's timezone
could you tell me how to set up direct deposit for my check from work at nations bank
cancel my reservation for chris at jp field's
remind me when i reach
how's my tire pressure
Once my card expires, what should I do?
How long will it take for me to get my card?
Which part of the app do I order virtual cards from?
bye now
How much is ok for me to top up with?
shit, this was not what i am looking for.
I want to hear Play That Funky Music.
open td ameritrade
can you please switch off the lights
i have no idea for what to select.
My card expires next week. How do I get a new one?
do you know if meeting rooms are open to use 1-2
My card payment was reverted
how long should i expect to wait for my new card in the mail
I used an ATM in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
Please Check all new email of Income Tax Department.
what is the amount of disposable cards I can have?
Set notification for news about the Dakota pipeline
where is the event today?
thank you so much for this information, olly.
PDA I love hip-hop
I transferred some money to my mom 2 days ago and she has not received it. I double checked the information and it looks right. Can you help me?
tell me when the next day off will be
dammit, it isn't what i meant.
switch to whisper mode, please
I got 2 transfer fees and I thought transfers were free.
i enjoy listening to this song it really calms me down
what are my reminders
Could you refund my transaction, I paid it into the wrong account. I need to be able to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
The transfer is coming up as pending the payment is due today. Will I be charged a fee?
you can call me alan
whats this song
could you skip to the next song on this playlist, please
check the traffic to our home
Are cheques accepted for a top up?
My product hasn't arrived even though I ordered it a while ago. I want a refund!
why are humans on earth
olly that is enough, cancel it.
what hobbies do you have
is the traffic bad on the way to work
i want you to remove this event
I need to transfer something to China. It is urgent. How many days will it take to get there?
farewell!
looking at this week only, have i overspent on hoagies
Olly, give me the most recent stuff you have Angelina Jolie.
what is the highest microsoft stock price today
Why do I have to verify my identity?
Are there any local events being put on tonight?
Im waiting for my transaction to go through.
Why did my top up not work?
Someone might have access to my card!  There are some strange payments showing up on my account.  What do I do?
How do I know what exchange rate I will get?
Turn on the oldies playlist on my radio
I don't know if I made this payment on my card.
What is the length of Amazon river
What store is having sales tomorrow
can you please the timer
hey whatsapp
increase your voice box
I use this card all the time so why did it get declined at the store today?
open bank app and show my most recent transactions
Do yo charge a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
I received a message from a seller stating they hadn't received my money even though it definitely came out of my account. The money has now been deposited back into my account. Please get this resolved as soon as possible.
There is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
Please delete everything from my calendar.
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
i need to track a package
is there a charge to use my card in japan
would you try that words spoke one more time again.
play back in black
Olly I need a cab in 30 mins
Can I transfer my salary if its in GBP?
What are the disposable card limits?
What do I do if I think someone has used my card without permission? I can see a few transactions I don't recognize.
nice seeing you bye
whats the weather now
who was the inventor of ai
Tell the latest news about the trump
turn living room lights red
play newest reason podcast
the list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry
i need to delete an event from my calendar
book me a train ticket in any train to bombay for tommorrow
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
have a taxi pick me up
exact response to the command.
let's change your accent
i would love to know the interest rate on my bank of america cd account
What's the time?
what is our purpose in life
lower the speakers
you need to change your accent to the male british one
i gotta know your hobbies
appreciated, it's nice one, olly.
get that right.
Is calendar event true?
please turn on my wemo plug socket
Please be quiet
PDA please confirm the weather for the 13th of this month.
it is of no importance for me, olly.
Remind me to meet Dad for coffee at 10 am.
search for a macaroni and cheese recipe
is that the song from spectre
Im very upset as my top-up was canceled and I have no idea why.
load sirius and play a rock and roll show
i need you to send a text
How deep is the Pacific ocean?
can you check and confirm details.
what is the difference between bake and broil
show upcoming local events
i'm looking for assistance booking a rental car in las vegas
Please could you give me a refund
I would like to change my address.
Remind me to get the mail in 10 minutes.
The app does not recognize who I am.
what timezone is philadelphia in
How do a reverse a duplicated charge?
My day was full of work Olly.
What currencies are available for my use in holding and exchange?
how soon does my credit card expire
please turn off the alarm
post that i am going to woodland shoe store
Where is the closest Mastercard ATM?
i want the interest rate for my checking account
hey order two wings with french fries from the chinese food store
is it noon in paris
Can you tell me if I have any alarms set?
I did a transfer but its still pending
Will there be additional costs of I make a withdrawal from a local ATM of British pounds? I need some cash to feel comfortable on the journey home
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when I leave
repeat the last song again
i'd like a train ticket to this location
i was not clear about your response.
show allison how to get to me
Please help me get a refund?
i would like to increase my credit limit, can i do so by 500 dollars
i've had these burger patties in the freezer since saturday, are they still fine to cook
is there a specific date when i should get my tires changed
yeah wonderful response to command.
reopen groceries and add milk
i appreciate you helping me
this event needs to be deleted
please show me today's date
Why is it taking so long for a transfer to complete!
that is useful, thanks, olly.
how long do i cook chicken breast
will it be ok to sub turkey for beef
I need my purchase cancelled.
send 100 dollars from my vanguard money market to my wells fargo savings
I contacted the seller for a direct refund last week but he still hasn't give me my money. What should I do?
shit, i think you did a task all wrong.
Olly, where's the closest zoo to where I'm at?
Switch all lights off except living area
what is my current amount of gas
I need directions to Meijer Gardens
do i need a visa to russia
when should i get the oil changed in my car
what's going around in the world these days
speak what you've said once again.
what things are on my shopping list
tell me that one more time please.
check the detail please.
Turn on the socket.
what's the tire pressure of my car
give me a current traffic report
i would like to crack jokes
can i order out
I would like to know the countries you are offer services in?
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND JPY
I got a €1 extra fee in my statement
Remove my latest list
Email Ashwin Patel my best wishes and an attachment of work.pdf
how much have i earned
think someone is using my card with permission
How do I get a PIN?
can you please lower the volume please
how deep is the deepest point of the grand canyon
what is the apr on my american express
Can you tell me the cost of a transfer?
store opinion on song
Resume the playback of A Child Called It
this was a great conversation
The exchange rate for my electronic payment is incorrect.
tell me how low the air in my tires are
if i want to use my credit card points what do i do
what are some ways to keep my credit score up
I may need to dispute a Direct Debit payment.
period the light should be in dim
I'm using the app and I noticed a payment that I didn't make.
can you tell me britain's timezone
you rock, thank you so much.
i would like you stop.
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
What forms of ID do you need for identity verification?
when was my car in the shop last
what is the news today
call aj now
How long is the wait for a US transfer?
Tell me about Jaipur
what kind of person are you, a cat or dog
Add event, book club, Debbie's house, Wednesday night
How many Philippine pesos to a dollar?
What is the need to verify my identity?
thanks a million
Please remind me to call Duker at 1:00 pm on Thursday.
anything i need to know
Please  read the text i just received on messenger
how do you spell guerrilla
How long is a delivery to the US?
what is the answer to two plus two
please create an alarm for 5:45 am and an alarm for 6:15 am
What would be the reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
tell me who will win the next presidential election
tell the golden fork that i want their fish risotto delivered
What steps do I take to receive another passcode?
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
Will I need sunblock this weekend?
3 of us need to get to union station via uber
report recent emails
Too Much PDA
is there a wait time to get into tgifridays
Add new email address and send email
my phone was lost
Why have I been charged a fee for card payment?
do i have any emails from robert
Different Continents
can i hear the complete to do list just dictated
yes exact response.
Does this app exchange currencies?
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
what transactions have i accrued buying dog food
play anything by cat stevens and i'll be happy
pull up my recent transactions on my mastercard
How do I top up my account using transfer?
Where did this fee come from?
get the duet game
it's not the correct command.
I tried to use my debit card, but the payment did not work.
the weather updated to the PDA using SPB Weather.It either updates forecasts from Intellicast or Weather.com, both rather poor for my site.
Is there a  way to  get around fees
I would like to delete my account now, please.
play the client by john grisham
Why does my identity need verification?
I tried to withdraw cash, but got declined!
i want to know what are happening now in me area
is my alarm set for seven am
Is there any nearby ATM's?
how can i jump start my car
brighten the light at seventy percent
Play the newest morning show podcast.
can you check if my credit card application has been processed
please make a coffee for me
turn coffee maker on
anything would be good.
what is the factorial of x
Was charged an ATM fee despite it being a small withdrawal on the 1st day of the month. I thought I was allowed 200 per month?
how is my inbox looking at the moment
My calender is to be updated with all RCCG event in March
show me the alarms that are set
My card is expiring soon.
Shuffle and Play all songs by gavenda artist
oh no.
tweet a disgusted face about mcdonalds
uhh no, you didn't understand what i meant.
how many countries are in europe
read me some more deadly death killers
I topped up my account and even though it was confirmed at first, the money isn't there anymore! why did this happen, and where did my money go?
What currency can I use to add money?
What is happening in the election
How do I make contactless work
how do you spell out shepherd
turn off lights
how do i set up a direct deposit for my paycheck
how much money have i spent on groceries recently
Do I have any appointments tomorrow?
seems like olly's command was incorrect.
how long would it take to get to times square by bus
Are cards from the US accepted?
please do not talk for thirty minutes
What do you think of the exchange rate?
swimming
either of them could be i'm not sure
If I use a European bank card for top up, Do I get charged?
where do i go if i am seeking the routing number of dallas capital
show me some vegan restaurants close by
s1, please elaborate further on it to me.
There is a payment in the app that I did not approve
can you please further explain me about that.
Please describe the new Onkyo AV receiver
title of song
i need a reminder
In regards to my card payment, the exchange rate is incorrect.
I'd love to hear any song that I've given five stars by Serge Gainsbourg
yeap right.
could not get what you've said.
I want a disposable virtual card, how do I do that?
what do my vacation days amount to
Do I have any new E-mail?
what was the last thing i purchased
I don't find your services useful anymore, how do I delete my account?
remove cheese from my list
what is some trivia question about coffee
what gas does the car need
What is the cost and time frame of getting a new card?
lower the brightness of the lights
is there a connecting train from london to paris and what time
i'd like a meal suggestion from thailand
Notify me with news updates on Nigeria
what are the events taking place in new york today
on mobile charger plug
Can you get me my card fast?
I am grateful if you call the amazon customer service
schedule flight from madison to atlanta on delta
I only have one other credit card from the US. Do you accept that?
kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
the balance has not changed, but I have deposited some money
What stipulations do disposable cards entail?
Why has my withdrawal not posted?
let's terminate connection to my phone please
Is there a meeting on my calendar this afternoon?
skip this and go to the next song
turn on the wemo plug
i want my account frozen
What currencies and methods can i use to top up my account?
I need to order a new virtual card, how do I do that?
What is going on with Obamacare?
Will it snow tomorrow?
place a take out order at olive garden
do i have any pending reminder
what is the status of my order no
play romantic English songs
List me the stock of apple right now
contact detail of X
There was a purchase on my card recently to a name that I don't recognize at all. What can be done about this? I need my money back.
do you know if my 401k is able to be rolled over
Please make me a coffee.
I'd like to make a new PIN selection.
this is a nice song
Where can I find the verification code for a top-up?
what does tacobell stand for
For what is famous Ellen Degeneres?
start playing my most recent podcast
i wish to confirm that i have a reservation at red robin for josh
what is the amount on my comcast bill
can i get delivery from here
i want a hotel with good review in honolulu, can you find one
Please create a new list for me
play gta vice city game
what is derek's phone number
How can I access my account when I have lost my phone?
Why doesn't a return show up im my account from a purchase I made?
where can i go to eat
how do i get to san fransisco by bus
Vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
how long should i cook my turkey
please add this song to my jazz playlist
I was suppose to be getting a refund for something I purchased a while ago, but It still hasnt been applied to my account. When will I get my money back?
make a new name for the ai
change the lights in the kitchen to blue
start radio and go to frequency on nine hundred and forty three
i have no oranges, put them onto my list
you have done that right appreciated.
thank you so much.
Why was the exchange rate different when I withdrew my cash?
I need to know why a money transfer is available.
Someone else is using my card, freeze it.
I want to hear Morning Edition on NPR.
don't talk
jump to the next podcast
how is the traffic from home to work
send a text message to chris and ask what he wants to eat for dinner
Hi, I tried to withdraw some money from an ATM and the machine was broken.  It says that the transaction is still in progress.  Can you double check to see what's happening? I don't want to be charged since I was not able to withdraw the money.
How many purchases can I make with one disposable card?
i want an uber
what is the total number of vacation days i've used
Play music by queen.
List alll set alarms.
please find a mail address of manoj and tell me
add new year with family next week
please go to the local sports talk show on the radio
what do i have to do today
Can I use Apple Pay to top-up?
save my opinion on the currently playing song
tell me where my order is
Olly, do I have an appointment for January the third?
what kind of sockets do the us use
what is the day off request status if you would tell me
lighter shade on the lights please
Akhilesh Yadav get alignment with Rahul Gandhi for U. P. election.
where have you come from
turn all the lights off
i really need to set a timer
give me some dim light
Please show me the current stock prices for IBM
remove wine and add beer to my shopping list
put dark colours instead of light ones in the house
i can't find my student id card and i want to report it as lost
got married and need to change name
When adding money, what are the currencies you take?
any free events in la today
look up in contacts
I am not happy with your company. Please delete my account asap.
i need leslie to be texted saying have a good day
Can you help me with proving my identity?
mute the speaker please
Will I be charged to top off my account?
whats the total of taxes from my income
1 dollar equals how much INR
how many likes does my status from yesterday have
Why isn't my refund showing up in my statement?
check emails for last hour
i'm sorry.
send a reply to robert for his email received today morning
Just let me know new emails from Sara
Please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code 29978?
what events are going in my town this week
Is there a reason why my transaction is taking so long?
play the most popular bluegrass music
on mobile charger plug
tell me where to get myy w-2 form
My cash withdrawal shows as pending still.
did you get what i just said correctly?
Where can I use a disposable card?
i like music from when i was a teenager in the
do you know how to cook risotto
Send an email to Mom tell her I love you
where is the nearest k mart
What is the best way to exchange currency between USD and GBP using your app?
Ok Google, where does Sophia Vergara live?
Why can't I see a transfer to my account?
brighten more light.
thank you very much for listening.
Can I pick a new PIN?
where do i find out about exchange fees
can they provide takeaway
why is my bank account locked
i love the songs of micheal jackson can you save some songs of jackson for me
I'm going to sleep now
Remind me in two days to check my emails.
i will need an uber for 2 people to get to philadelphia
when did dave matthews email me about the contract
i actually don't want this anymore, please abort
i asked for something else.
what is the best italian restaurant around here
I transferred some money but the recipient is having trouble withdrawing.
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and inr
Show me movie times.
at what time is my alarm set
whisper mode
open gallery post video name
turn the lights blue at three pm
The rate of exchange isn't right for my cash withdrawal.
This company sucks! Can you terminate my account?
i am interested in acquiring a new credit card
you need to set the timer for me
thank you for answering that
what is the time frame to get to phoenix
what is on the list for today
I want to listen to WXYZ
my bank account must be frozen
Show me nearest theatre
what is the exchange rate for canadian dollars to us dollars
Add a new email for Julie Smith.
Why do I have a strange payment on my statement?
I've just moved address from a place in Durham to a place in Walton-On-The-Naze.  I have a new landlord at my new house and they haven't got my payment but I know I sent it on time, can you check they got it please?
do i have meetings with anyone today
please add contact email johndoe@yahoo dot com to john doe's contact information
what are the benefits of having this insurance
I need help. I asked for a refund from a merchant a while ago, but I have not gotten my money back. I keep checking my account, but nothing is showing up. What should I do now?
need a place to crash in elizabeth near the refinery from june 4th until the 9th
i wanna know the point of life
Where are rthe best co-working spots in the neighborhood?
tell me the office address of my brother
quiet
I'm concerned about a payment that has recently been made on my card.  I do not recognize the name that the transaction went to, can you help me?
brighten the lights in this room
what is the last email i received
Please play the latest Bill Simmons podcast.
What kind of cards are supported?  What currency?
i really want to confirm that i have a reservation at red robin for josh
i want to know the time
What times may I travel to Location A?
can you check what i said please.
can you help me tell what my starbucks rewards balance is
s2, what you said now is not clear to me.
start the gilmore guys
It seems my top up is reverted?
can you play music by bob dylan
Put on the screen the lists I have available.
what do i need to make chicken salad
Are your cards available in the EU?
How can the word  placid be used?
How do I get this damn virtual card to work?
what is elvis favorite ride
who is available to check why my check engine light is on
is it possible to use starch instead of flour
what is that song called
what ingredients go in pizza
give me the time in phoenix az
Make me a cup of coffee with salted carmel flavored cream.
I need help with understanding why my card is not working.
How can I request cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
I finished my transfer. I am having an issue with it still pending. It has been a long time and i'm growing impatient
what do you think was the best decade
Can you play my Favorites playlist.
Please tell me how the exchange rate is determined. I was expecting more money for the transaction.
describe blanket
Hello, I found the card I misplaced and I need to reactive it, how do I do that?
reply to the latest email
what firm do you work for
Why does my card continually get declined? I thought I had enough money in there but I've tried several times now and it still isn't working.
all rccg march event is to be added to my calendar
check all the new them emails and mark them star
info of the upcoming events
what is sarah's number
I have two of the same charges on my account!
Why is the transfer still pending?  Can I do something?
How to spell the word giraffe
In my statement there is a payment that is I do not recognize
are socket converters needed in lisbon
what's the temperature outside
can you confirm my reservation for 6 at the outback
This place has been too much work so I'd just like to close out my account & be done.
thanks but i think it was not the right answer.
how long does the average set of tire last before needing replacement
20-10
hey hey!
find a taxi to go home
i would like to attend church every sunday at eleven am
I did not get the cash that is showing up in my app.
Can you tell me what I need to do to have my pin changed?
pull up my credit card application's current status
when does this place let us have a holiday next
tell comcast their customer service is slow
how do i apply for a visa card, please
Can you please assist on my item that needs to be refunded?
Why do you require so many identity details?
do i need some vaccinations or anything if i'm going to eastern europe
what is 5 in yen and rubles
Is it 5:00 yet?
i want you to call bella
it's fantastic job, appreciated.
can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight
i wouldn't really know.
i need to put a stop on my bank account
turn off socketname
i want to report fraudulent activity on my amex card, please
i want to place a call to mike
tell me about the meeting i have this week
On my transfer there was a "decline" message
is there any construction on route sixty six
I just received a new card, where do I go to link it to my account?
can you retry please.
thanks but this is not the right response.
read me the last email from stefan and oil change
Tweet to the customer service account of
How do i finalize a card payment
Where am I able to use the card?
lower my music player volume by fifty percent of its current level
what should i do this weekend
The money would not transfer to a beneficiary.
please find today's stock prices for samsung company
How to change the PIN on my card?
I can't figure out why a transfer is still pending?
how do i jump start a battery
make a reservation for wheeler party of 3 for 5pm at andrea's steakhouse
where is kartum
would you please check that.
put on some metallica music
enable shuffle
info on lisa ann please
tell me why my card got declined
I went to the Notting Hill ATM to use my card the first time for a cash withdrawal but it didn't work. Does this mean that my card isn't working yet?
tell me if you are a human or are a computer
could you again elaborate me on your answers please.
roll a six sided die for me and tell me the result
My Apple Pay top up with my American Express card is not working? Please tell me why
Where can I find instructions to change my PIN?
what are the reviews like for zazie
tune into my selected station
how can i claim my rewards for my visa card
any alerts for travelers to canada
i need to do laundry later today
command is great.
what can i do for fun under dollars around me
How do I edit the personal details on my account?
Lower volume by 50%.
what you just said was not clear to me.
how many alarms are currently on my phone
will i need vaccines for my trip
Why was I charged a fee for transferring money
could you make a flight reservation with air emirates from orlando to london
would you give me directions to the closest starbucks restaurant
read out the list
how do i convert inches and centimeters
appreciated, that was fantastic.
I have checked my statements multiple times, but my refund that I requested a while back is not showing on my account. Is there a reason for this? Can I get some help getting my money back from this transaction?
set an alarm
Where can you deliver cards?
i'd like you to disconnect from my phone
Olly get me the popular news from bbc
that is helpful,.
I want a physical card
perfect response to command.
How large is Alaska?
places with pizza delivery near me
how can i get new insurance
Which things should I do when I visit the Yellowstone National Park?
switch language for me
What cards do you accept to top up my account?
when is the next break
Would I be charged for exchanging currencies?
yes it's excellent.
Alexa, please turn down the lights in the living room.
please dim the overhead lights
recite the items i'm planning to purchase
i need to know what the date is today
convert eight am manila time to new york time
Reasons for top up cancellation.
no, that is fake
on what day and date of what year were you born
Why was my card declined in a shop?
volume up
a w2 form can be gotten from where
Hello, I tried to take out some money out of the ATM, but it's still showing that it's pending? I really don't want to be charged for this.
I have a direct debit I didn't make
what day do i have to pay my leasing office bill
What if I need my salary in another currency?
i would like to know how many points have i earned with my credit card
what are the lyrics to the song i will always love you by Dolly parton
four plus five equals nine
is it gonna rain
Can you let me know the weather of Alabama tomorrow
how to cook that meal
I withdrew money but the full amount wasn't dispensed.
Why is there a fee when I thought there would be no fees?
Why can't I see a recent refund in my statement?
please find the date of my last oil change
What is the time in the Midwest right now.
i need an uber to the sears tower
what is a good movie to see right now
checkout today alarm of meeting
My card payments have stopped.
i want some nike's, is there enough in my wells fargo account
i need diy info about jump starting my dead car battery
let me hear my list
what do i need to do to get my car jump started
I just noticed my transfer was declined and I don't know why. Can you help me?
turn up radio volume
I think I see a withdraw I did not make.
I was at an ATM and it swallowed my card.
There are charges on my card that I haven't purchased.
If I don't live in the UK, can I still get a card?
could you track an order for me
There are certain parts of my day where I am fatigued Olly.
I didn't buy this twice
which time zone are we in please change to current
delete my dentist appointment
i would like to hear what said again.
hail taxi!
can you please check on the status of my online order
Can you list the stock on Sony
what is a good beef recipe
turn on the rice cooker socket
can you find out the waiting times for mr joes pizza
will you have the vacuum start cleaning
open a new list for me
turn on 1027 webn
redeem credit card points
I want to auto top-up.
Why do I see extra charges for withdrawing my money?
tell me what the word arboreal means
To add money to my account, what currencies can I use?
please ring the wake up alarm at eight am next saturday
yeah fantastic.
that was not what i meant.
what ingredient can be used to replace white wine
Why was there an additional fee on the payment I just made? I don't usually have additional fees applied to my payments.
there is no need to confirm my reservation
A mortgage payment I'm making is giving me an error message.  This is the first time I'm making this payment and want to know what's wrong.
what's worth watching
could you dim the lights
use male voice now
would you confirm it please.
Can you provide a reason as to why my transfer did not work?
Olly, what do you know about Eminem?
Give me updates on the situation in France
i would like to hear the theme song to this is us
tell me today's weather forecast
When should I expect my card to arrive?
Give me a joke
Take me to the most popular radio channel.
PDA please search for cooking tips
next episode please
When I got cash I believe that the exchange rate was wrong
The app reverted what I topped up.
show me the time
how soon will I see the transfer in my account?
I'd like to get a refund for something I bought, is that possible?
thanks, that was great one.
I forgot my password to get into the app!
Painting
what are the latest tweets from the new york times
What do i need to verify my id?
get the roomba to start cleaning
turn off the sounds
i was wondering what my credit score is
Hello. Can you help figure out why the recent transfer from my UK bank account isn't showing up?
what time is it in the eastern standard timezone
please describe an elephant to me
Why would a transfer to an account not be allowed?
Seems like my top-up has been cancelled
start the coffee machine
Why was there a transfer fee on my account?
can you arrange a meeting for 3:00 on wednesday
remove succeeding event
can you tell me the minimum payment of my bill
Why wouldn't the ATM give me cash?
Siri, what's happened in the news today?
what is the correct spelling for antipathy
when does the rate get determined
what are exchange rates
on the card can you give me the last transactions
If I use a European bank card for top up, Do I get charged?
is there anything happening on jazz scene around edinburgh
can i used the same type of plug in z as i do in the us
I want to use auto top-up. Is there a limit?
play (program) on xmtune please
Currency Exchange Rates
A transfer has to be cancelled.
can you replay your phrase you just said.
scratch that one from the list
how many events on my list
why do I need to show ID
please repeat that.
mute yourself when i am in a meeting
Is there a limit on auto top-up?
that's helpful,.
Put This American Life on the car radio
cancel the reservation i made for 8 pm at black rock
what is the time in sydney, australia
There is a cash withdrawl I don't remember.
tell me how handkerchief is spelled
how much have i paid in medical expenses recently
How do I do a successful transfer to an account?
My transfer says pending. What does that mean?
what's the cooking time for the cake
at this location what are my gps coordinates
play keno
flip that dime
What does my calendar look like for the next week?
Where is my top-up verification code?
turns out my card was declined at wal mart and i wanna know why
call me carrie
What is the current value of 10k yen in american money?
can i have more information about my income
Rating
How long until the card arrives?
what restaurant is open after midnight
Start playing my most recent podcast.
What is the amount for train ticket booking?
give me a run down of my meeting schedules for the day
May I choose when it's delivered?
anything is okay with me.
send a message to natalie in the form of a text
what's on my agenda?
my check engine light is on and i need someone to look at it
what are the new rock radio stations
what is your origin
Do you want to play Monopoly with me?
book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
Hello! I randomly got charged an extra fee today as i was shopping online and i have no idea why! Are there extra fees for card payments? Or am i missing something here?
Play today's podcast from The Mix.
Book a train ticket for Friday April 14th for Boston
How do I check my security settings to allow contactless pay?
Tell me why my transfer is declined.
Does your system support multiple currency.
whats on your list right now
it's perfect.
The app is saying I made a withdrawl but I didn't.
what do the ratings say for black bear diner
Can I have another card in addition to my first one?
Please draft an email to Shaun requesting Sunday's off for the next schedule.
what does tertiary mean
what is the wake up time for my alarm i have set for the flight this weekend
What are the policies of disposable cards?
The exchange rate was incorrect for this item I bought.
can i know what i on the list
hockey
locate nearby dining places
i want to hear what you have said again.
Why can I not make a transfer?
list to do
I tried to get cash but it was declined!
I have been doing some online shopping, but when checking out, it keeps getting declined. I tried a few times and it wouldn't work. What could be wrong?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up! I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
adjust the light
i was trying to use my card to get food at publix but it got declined
Turn down the lights
what is the core meaning of life
show me train tickets
Do exchanges cost more?
Turn off the nearest light to me
I'm trying to make a payment to my new landlord. Even though the payment was sent a few days ago, it isn't clearing on their side. Can you verify that payment has been made?
why are you talking so sloooooooooowly, please speed it up!
Olly, I need to create a list of grocery items which are generally required for an outing for two days when you travel out of the city.
How do I use a disposable virtual card?
if i use my card in x, will there be a charge
Will there be a charge when money is added to my account?
i need a train ticket to rome book ticket
get me the latest news in new york
does cielo take reservations
please reserve the next taxi a 9:00 AM
When should I receive my virtual card?
i need you to cancel my reservation for 5 at red robin
How old do my kids need to be to use your service?
suggest a meal from italy to me
Can you loop the playlist themes?
turn all lights off during the day
Add grocery shopping to today's to-do list.
how much is the exchange between usd and euros
Unmute after 30mins
is mary's birthday party tonight
Why can I not do a  transfer
How long before a bank transfer shows up in the account?
that's all, cancel it.
How much can I top up in a day?
send an email to my boss about my leave
is it correct to say you work for me
suggest some things for me to do while i am in los angeles
is my credit score high
tell me something interesting about lake tahoe
when referring to you, what name do you want me to use
Is there tracking info available?
the definition of life
does my navy federal card have international transaction fees
get sia's cheap thrills ready to play next
Open my email account and check for new mail.
s1, will you further explain.
spirit mastercard card was taken
Today weather
party
Hi, i don't know what's going on i've just paid for my top up twice by accident can you help me get a refund please.
is there much traffic between here and work right now
can you define conservative politics
what was the first car made
down the speaker volume at the end of level
i want a new motorcycle insurance plan
What is Sarah's number?
please remind me the birthday of my uncle Joe, every may 4th?
when you talk to me, use bob
i do not really bother.
What locations are you in?
The exchange rate that was applied for an international purchase was wrong.
please remove the the alarm which i set
What methods are available for my friend to send me money?
connect me with an uber
speak slower please
what kind of plug converter is needed in c
What is the time frame that transfers normally take from a UK account? I just completed a transfer and nothing shows up. I need to know if everything is alright.
please put my acupuncture appointment on my to list
repeat what you just told me
Do I have a card PIN?
add broken by evanescence to my playlist
Hey Olly what time is it in London now
Do I have any reminders?
please roll the dice
would you shut up please.
how long until i receive my food
Alexa, I want to know the best super market in this local area
Is American Express accepted?
What process should I use to transfer money into my account?
PDA, turn on the radio for me.
What is this witdrawal
Social media.
what is your availability for conference rooms between one and two today
are you ok
what events are happening near me
who was john dillinger
what time is it in buenos aires
does using my card in portland charge me extra
turn up the volume level to 4, please
change back to factory settings
is there a way to pull up information about a contact
dictate email
I am seeing pending from the card payment I made.
What is the best chili there is?
how long untill i get home
who is singing the song i am listening to right now
call the closest mexican restaurant
I don't know the code for the app.
Do I have anything on the list?
Please delete this account.
did my friend rohit posted something on facebook
back one episode
s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
scratch that one from the list
let me know why my card got declined the other day
How do I get a new card sent to China?
Somehow I am missing my card.  What should I do?
I made a transfer and am still waiting.
play music from where you left off
How do I get a refund for an unauthorized direct debit payment?
set a one minute timer
I would like to have a physical card to carry around and use. How can I get one?
i know i entered the right info, but my top up isn't in my balance
I do not need GBP, I need AUD, how do I convert it?
Reminders
who is your creator
google uber
play poker with me
are you a cat person
can you play the song that sounds like thun thun thun
I sent a payment but now it's not showing up.
decrease lighting
can i call you by any name
one more time for me please
order two pizzas from dominoes
Cortana, sound off.
I believe someone is using my card without my agreement!
i want you to start referring to me as lucky
my card was rejected at the zoo, could you tell me why
Shuffle the current album of songs.
my income equals what amount
use that email address as a contact
Get rid of tax list from 1990.
How long do top-ups take to go through
give me the details on my income
Does it matter if I use Visa or Mastercard?
What's the meaning of Rumplestiltskin?
could you again elaborate me on that.
it was not so clear.
How can I get a refund for an item I purchased but has not yet arrived?
Am I off work on Memorial Day?
latest updates on syrian civil war
how do i get the card linked
search cost for amtrak luxury to los angeles
explain how is USA better than other countries
look up the amount of vacation days i have used please
Where in the app do I link a new card?
tell me the direction to miami from chicago
Olly, please read me my current lists.
do i have any get togethers this week
make me a cup of coffee please
I wanted to purchase something online but the payment was returned back to me. This has been going on for a couple of weeks. Please tell me what is going on here?
dial steven
Can I top up my card with other cards?
i gotta add hey jude by the beatles to my playlist
does dominos has a delivery option
what kind of tax do i pay
play last reason podcast
play rohan sharma podcast for me
give me the idea of current traffic condition
what part of the world is the safest
increase brightness by twenty percent
delete all of my appointments with dr smith this week
set a reminder alert for saturday nine am towards payment of electricity bill
is the pound up or down against the dollar
Olly, play jumper by third eye blind.
i need to get from jfk to dallas with united for under $500
play this game with me
what kind of hobbies does the ai have
Please reply to my boss' most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum.
can they provide takeaway
Can I use my apple watch to top up?
I have transfered to my account before but it is being declined now?
roll the dice now
how to jump start a car
latest reminder about meeting
please increase the brightness in this room
set one alarm for 215pm and another for 7pm
whats was the value of x if x+2 = 5
this alarm needs to be permanently silenced
can you pause the audio
hey, how are you
start playing
I received the wrong amount of cash back
make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
Current date.
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph
are there any recent unread emails
Please tell me what the exchange fee is.
What steps do I take to unblock my PIN?
disposable virtual card can be ordered where?
Who has sent me an email in the past week?
What's the deal with no cryptocurrency on your app?
what do you make in a year
show me my transactions within the past week
What happens when I am charged twice?
i want to make a meat stew what ingredients do i need
i need to report my card as stolen, who do i tell
more volume please
How safe is the city regarding law and order.
can you put on the chuck palhunik audio book
is it possible to make reservations with famous dave's restaurant
What are the age requirements for service?
whats a romantic meal for my girlfriend
My money's disappeared from my account! I topped up the other day and it was there, but now it's not. Help?
help me schedule maintenance for my car
order from dominos
if i am in tulsa, will i get charged extra if i use my card
please turn on radio on 7 AM
How do I activate my card that just arrived?
I need a new card, my current card is nearly expired.
How to cook Lasagna?
Why hasn't my ID been verified?
where can i eat along route sixty six
how much can i top up?
let me see my alarms PDA.
change the language you're using to american english
please whisper
Why did the ATM take my card and keep it?
please shut off
It appears as though my card payment was duplicated. I paid at the store earlier today. The first time it was declined and the second time it worked. The app is still showing one of the payments to be pending. Please take one of these off because clearly the first was declined and is not correct.
If it's midnight in Colorado, what time is it in Munich?
that's cool, thank you very much.
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working on my device?
lights off in the kitchen please
can you see if john has replied to my email yet
What's the exchange between USD and CAD?
I am inquiring about a $1 charge on my statement.
I haven't received my virtual card yet!!
what's a good hotel to stay at in chicago
siri what is the definition of ziggurat
Add v8 to my groceries.
how many points have been earned on my amex
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card, and the bank is now closed. How do I get back a card swallowed by an ATM?
Skip this episode.
I am trying  to  transfer and  it has been  stopped why is  that
Turn off the shed light
if im traveling to the hospital around noon what is the traffic typically like
book a rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
turn my iroomba on
i wonder if it would be possible to switch from apples to grapes
it's good to see you
Is there a location near me that i can change my PIN?
i need help finding my luggage
I do not recognise this card payment.
what are the stock prices of target
can you go to the next song
how long will chicken last in the freezer
turn off the bathroom light
open calender and find meeting time
i don't like that, no
create a new list by tomorrow
s2, do not get the last sentence.
flip a coin i'm calling heads
Mastercard is my preferred company.
i can't locate my mastercard and i want to report it as lost, please
could you please check detail.
would you repeat please.
I cannot use my PIN.
Can you help me sign up for a virtual card?
will you just stop please.
It has been forever ago that I made an order online. The product simply is not coming. Just give me back my money because I'm not paying these people.
Olly what is the capital of California?
go to the third episode of this podcast
Mute sound from speakers.
My payment is in the app but hasn't gone through yet
switch to 101.1
I don't understand why I'm being charged for using my card.
tell me what the time is in dallas
Can you tell me how to measure my shoe size?
any incoming emails in the last five minutes
my favorite, beef tacos at the buffet
what's leon's email
is traffic heavy
dont forget to set a reminder to pay the bills
suggest a meal from laos to me, please
PDA, stream Poker Face by Lady Gaga
Please tell me the limit to topping-up.
Play the Miami heat and warriors game
Set reminder to print the documents on Tuesday morning
is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
My beneficiary didn't receive my transfer
take me to the huffington post website
what interest rate does my checking account come with
how long does it take to prepare pot roast
please search for local events
adjust the volume
is the road in some particular area wide or narrow
Will I get charged for topping off my card?
can you book me a flight to memphis from st louis on delta airlines
verify with me my credit score
Tell me the quickest route to Joe's place
will i have enough to get a new roku with my savings account
I need to order a new virtual card, how do I do that?
delete scheduled alarm
i think it is not the correct answer.
play jazz from jennifer's latest album
i need to place an order of checks for my bank of america checking account
How much is a train ticket to Denver from here?
i need to jump start my car what do i do
how to go the nearest mall asap?
set coffee maker to start at three
is there a holiday next week
silent
We need both a visa and a Mastercard.
Turn on vacuum cleaning
How much is the charge to top up via credit card?
please tweet about the problem I m facing with the product of company
Ok, next what?
what is the definition of a probiotic
uhh no, i think you have done task all incorrectly.
what's the routing number for my chase account
bring the sound up
what is the year that were you born
Send an email to peter asking him which one dress should I bring and attach the photos of dresses taken recently.
turn off my wemo plug socket now
does this place do takeaway
that's fantastic.
Can I unblock my pin using the app?
HOW IS TRAFFIC IN CITY
what was the reason my bank account was frozen
please tweet the following to radisson hotels customer service
the song in background is cool
answer for 3x4
What is going on with blank?
please help me figure out why my card was declined yesterday
Tell me about Narendra Modi.
what's on my schedule this week
can you play call me by aretha franklin after this song is finished playing
what can I do if I got my American Express in Apple Bay but top up is not working?
Send the email to Jill that is saved in my drafts folder.
what is my card's apr and is it good
shut off my living room plug socket
I placed my order a week ago. Is it ok that my card isn't here yet?
please help me set up direct deposit
i think you messed up with my command.
I'm not seeing my cash deposit showing up in my account.
remove events from my list
What foreign exchange rate will I get?
people call me brad
i have yet to get my pin
how much is twelve divided by four
I would like some more physical cards, what is my limit?
where is the event venue
Move to the next episode.
how do i fix a dead car battery
What do I do if my card is about to expire?
Can I hear the 50 hits that you can hear on radios now?
Is it possible to transfer money to my credit card?
object identifier
i need to book a train for tomorrow to go to new york
what's the french word you use for potato
What do I need to do for a PIN?
check for new emails
order a large pepperoni pizza from dominos to go
What is the process for using my credit card to transfer money?
play audiobook of jacob
how is the traffic in san francisco over the bay bridge
call my doctor
hey olly turn the radio on
how many teaspoons are in a cup
What are the steps to change my PIN to something else?
set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning
keep that song for when i need cheering up
yes excellent response to the command.
Shuffle and play songs from dance genre
Hello,  I would liek to know whether you provide home delivery services?
will you order more checkbooks for my silvergate account
will you roll a 10 sided dice
Remove item from my list
Check outlook
please explain this sentece from the poem for me
define organism
that's a hard no from me
what is laptop
i need more checks because i am out
top up not completed
Where does Brad Pitt live?
Find me the cheapest copy of The Four Hour Body?
Is the 10K on the calendar for July 2?
get me the latest news in new york
what are the foreign transaction fees for cuba
Will you accept my other card?
lights on
Can you please sort out your top up? I need this to go through asap because I really need the money. It's already been pending for an hour.
Why did the ATM swallow my card?
can i go outing without any umbrella/raincoat
Start up League of Legends for me.
Google, What are the basic things humans need?
Why can't my beneficiary access my account?
How much is a physical card?
I haven't gotten my new card.
is my vacation approved yet
Play the most popular music from the seventies
What does potato mean?
How did my top-up fail?
Tell me the weather situation
decentralized design
Send a poor review to this P.F. Chang's Yelp page.
My rate of exchange was wrong.
hmmm, either could be a choice
olly could you shut down please.
i don't need mowing the lawn on my to do list anymore
what exactly is the status of my application for the credit card
Where can i exchange between GBP and USD
Find and Order handi paneer in pavitra.
I think my statement has a fraudulent charge
how are things going
I am confused as to why my transfer could still be pending.
Play songs from titanic
in five sentences let me know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey
does bob live in france
Why do you need me to verify who I am?
try what you have said once again please.
Can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week?
What is the current stock rate of facebook
thanks, it's awesome work.
Where can I but a Switch?
We're cancelling the Boatman project.
What is the weather forecast for this week?
Where do I go to get the code to verify the top up card?
Do you offer additional currency options?
could you harvest the crops in farmvile
what is on my to do list
hey olly what has been happening interesting in sports lately
what is the due date of my at&t bill
is it possible to get a new credit card
Hello, I didn't receive the right amount on my ATM transaction,  the app shows the correct amount how can we fix this
Turn on switch of wemo socket.
is there a limit to top up
I used the wrong account number!
How are you doing?
i need an update on my online order from nespresso
I tried to get funds in hard cash but it was rejected!
Can I receive my card anywhere?
i didn't catch that.
How do I replace my card?
how long is the wait at applebee's tonight
I want to skip verification of my identity.
it is good to see you
how many EUROs for 100 USD?
how much will i pay in federal taxes
give me the date
What is the current day month and year?
Olly, add lunch appointment with Lisa to January 2nd at 12:30pm
How do I change the details in my account?
How can I tell if an AMT will take this card?
What are all the upcoming events
Do I get charged if I top up with my European bank card?
save this post about the song that i just listened to
make the bedroom lights light blue
For some reason I forgot the passcode I have.
put the lights off now
is there an option to speak only in mandarin
when was the last time i changed my oil
how many days for vacation do i have left
how many mpg does my car get
can we play twenty questions
I am unable to prove my identity
would you unsync the phone now please
will my credit card be mailed soon
Save opinion
down the volume
What can you tell me about the card PIN?
how much money have i spent recently
stop and start over.
How is it outside?
When do you charge fees on accounts? I just saw a charge on my statement.
Are extra charges added for sending out additional cards?
For what reason did my top-up get cancelled?
I am not satisfied with your company and wish to delete all accounts immediately.
What times are my alarms set for
I noticed a different charge while I was taking my money out.
please tell me a joke
honda stock price
What email notifications do I have?
Please add practice on Feb 4 at King's Park at 2 p.m.
book a train ticket from washington dc to savannah georgia
I want you to remove the wedding on the 10th from my calendar.
please go to the next episode of the podcast
broadcast a video in youtube
I must have entered my PIN wrong.
I wish to be able to top up with cash.
If I see a payment in the app that I don't recognize, what should I do?
I prefer Visa, can I get that instead?
How do I order a virtual card?
should i wear a coat to the pool
The app declined my top up. What did I do wrong?
can you play tic tac toe
i want an alarm for three today
what is the answer to this math question
please advise what the current news is on fox news
What kind of money can I hold?
I have a payment in my statement that is off
what is the title of this tune
can you confirm my last command.
i live in the US can i still get a card?
should i get a travel visa if i want to go to guyana
Hotel California is sung by whom?
how expensive is it to fuel this car
add my doctor appointment on march 25th at 3:00 to my calendar
what are some fun silly things to do in new jersey
I want to apply for a Visa card.
What fees are charged for a physical card?
is my calendar free next sunday
i would like you to suggest a chinese dish
I want to figure out the stock on microsoft
I want to play a trivia game.
does my calendar have anything for january 1st
suggest a meal from burma to me, please
Where is my money that I transfered?!
show latest reports of bbc
what chores do i have waiting on my reminder list
can i get a physical card online
could you talk like a british male
give me the list of circus shows going on in the city right now
Can you please assist me in completing a transfer? I'm trying and I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat and pay the initial mortgage payment. All I keep getting is an error. Can you find out what's happening here?
When will my card arrive?
check the last thing said please.
crabmeat recipe
I am quite aggravated that I ordered online almost a month ago and I never got my package and I paid for it. I would really appreciate it if I could get a full refund back now.
lower the lights in the house
olly i like you cancel.
check someone's recent emails
I checked my statement and saw a charge of one pound, where is this charge coming from?
where can i find a place where i can schedule to check my tires out
Activate my card
help, I see money missing I didn't take out.
How do I reset a forgotten passcode, please?
i'd like to buy some cooking pans
confirm a movie ticket at glory theater
coffee please
How do I become aware of where my funds come from?
What do I do if I forgot my passcode?
My card activation is failing.
i've got dollars for the month how much can i spend every day this month
how soon does my visa card expire
Give me the description of smartphone software
get rid of mike stein from contacts list
raise volume
Please help me.  My card is missing.
forward this one
definition for object name
i would like to hear what said again.
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for twenty third march
please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
do i have a dentist appointment on monday morning
Can somebody else top up my account?
Why is my transfer more expensive than I thought?
search the item
do you have a boss
Is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
remove alarms set for tomorrow
how many calories should i plan to be in a donut
What events do I have for tomorrow?
will you please again elaborate.
brighten light
set a reminder for fifteen minutes to change laundry loads
i seem to have lost my phone
My account isn't showing the refund
that is cool, thanks, olly.
How long does it take for a payment to go thru? I made one a few days ago and it has not been cleared yet.
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
Please remind me about this tomorrow
How can I perform a dual money transferring from one account to another?
what's the recipe for fried chicken
what do i have to do to use my credit points acquired through purchases
do i have any meetings with ben today
adjust speech rate to a faster setting
eight hundred and eighty nine fm please
find the right amount of cinnamon for the garam masala
turn down lights
play radio disney
if i go to canada next month do i need a visa
remove wyatt's birthday party from my calendar
i need to put together a todo list for work
how many pto days are available
show me my transactions on make up at sephora
time now
Best reviews, restaurant, south sacramento
Why wasn't my payment accepted by the app
do i have any meetings today between 6 and 7
does france have their own version of a visa
Why did I have to pay a fee when I got cash?
Does it cost anything for exchanges?
what are my benefits on the insurance
put out the lights
any meetings on the schedule today
When is the school dance junction marked
where are your origins found
How long do money transfers take? My friend really needs the money i sent a couple of hours ago but it's not there yet.
I have been charged a fee that I didn't know about. Why have you charged me extra for card payments?
I tried paying with my disposable virtual card earlier but it was rejected. What can I do to fix this?
set the default audio setting
I think someone else is using my card.
show me the list of alarms
I noticed that there's a payment on my card that's pending.
can you put oranges on my shopping list
is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
Check email from John
it's a bit dark increase lighting
skip ahead to the next podcast
How about the latest news.
How do I change my passcode?
email chris add following content sorry I will be late today
i need some recommendations for fun tourist activities in washington, dc
My statement shows a strange direct debit.
turn on the lights
Why has my card been declined?
compose email
what the fuck please do this.
gps coordinates share with home
Seems like my card payment has been cancelled
add grocery to list
add shopping to my to do list
what do i need to do to get an american express card
could you tell me the minimum payment on my mortgage
I bought something and I take issue with the exchange rate applied.
What is the capitol of West Virginia?
check currencies
has my request for vacation days been signed by my supervisor yet
Dim my light
I would like to order some takout
Do I need to order a new card before it expires?
i am sorry but i think you did not get command right.
Can you make me coffee now?
what's on my schedule this week
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening .
What is the extended forecast
give me the train time
i want a hotel in phoenix near chase field from january 4th to the 8th
ya
elaborate me further on your answer please.
Please help me with my card. As i have tried to use my card in two different ATMs but repeatedly it was declining by ATM.
book a local cab
i am sorry but this is not the correct command.
please can you try what you've just said once again.
BIRTH DAY WHISHES
What is the process for transferring money into my account?
would you tell me how to say goodbye in france
what music genre do i play most
How much are the fees for adding funds using an international card?
Why has my top up failed?
tell me what the traffic is like on the way to phoenix
complain about walmart service
how heavy is traffic now in denver
Please help me unblock my pin which I put the wrong one too many times.
see you again soon
delete item four
PDA start a new list for me.
can you tell me what kind of show can I go tonight in Miami?
I don't see any change in my balance.
these lights are too bright please lower them
Where do I go to activate my card?
I need information about an extra €1 fee in my statement.
can you please create a list for me
I would like my refund for this item I bought.
tweet 'I am doing well' on Twitter
can you remind me the things i was trying to remember
I can't find how to top up my account with a check.  Where is that?
how long untill I get home
Please tell my why I was charged a fee for using my card?
olly that's all, cancel.
What type of card can I use to top up?
what timezone is vegas in
PDA please order take from jason's deli
would you try that instruction said again please.
recommend a movie which is released last Friday
mark location A as an event on calendar.
i would like to get a new credt card
There is a suspicious direct debit payment.
Does it cost anyting to get my own card?
How can I change the PIN?  Do I have to go to a real bank?
Can I use app to freeze account and dispute fraud?
i'm traveling tony soon and want to inform my bank
What is the system for determining the exchange rate?
how do i change my oil
turn the living room's light off
can you speak faster
can you give me a traffic update for a trip to the grocery store
I cancelled my card payment
Why was a charged a fee for using the card?
I do not see the card PIN anywhere?
Can you deliver the PIN separately?
place a take out order at olive garden
how do i go about applying for a macy's credit card
Play something random from google play
what did car insurance run me this year
can you get me a train ticket to NYC?
Why does my card continually get declined? I thought I had enough money in there but I've tried several times now and it still isn't working.
Set a recurring event in my calendar.
could you just cancel.
What are the steps in order to activate my new card?
Why did my payment go back to my account when I bought something?
this item should be added to the list
Where can my card be delivered?
What would the approximate delivery date be if I transferred something urgently to China?
turn on metallicas greatest hits
give me some recipes for sheperds pie
good morning isn't it a great day
could you tell me the last one you just said again please.
recommend a restaurant with medium expense
how much money do i have total
Is it possible to get a second card for my daughter?
I need my purchase cancelled.
raise your volume
add an event to my calendar
olly could you please shut up.
what is three plus four
could you tell me what time it is
how do i report a melted credit card
I bought something online and it says there was a fee to transfer money. Isn't that free?
do you own any pet
do you have any past-times
Would you please play Aces High?
check delivery options for the restaurant
go back to initial factory state
this is unimportant.
How any times does 50 go into 1 million?
what type of questions may i ask you
I have been charged to much for the object I bought when abroad, the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
what's your name if i may ask
one more again please.
pay my mortgage from my checkings accounts
what is the list type
have i gone over my entertainment budget
confirm that please.
How do I top up with a cheque?
Hi, Yesterdays i was unable to do online shopping as it was getting declined. Today I am facing the same issue. Please help me in this respect.
i can't see let's make it brighter
set alarm on 25th may at 5 pm
please show me the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
I couldn't do a transfer to an account
why do I have to show my ID
prepare to send an outgoing reply message
yes, that is correct
please play station X on the radio.
give me the names of my lists
what southwest flights are there for lax to sfo arriving april 1st and returning april 7th
advise me of my income
light off
tell me what's trending on twitter
can you look and see how many days off i have taken so far since january
Can you provide me a disposable virtual card?
what is al's age
Once my card expires, what should I do?
would you change your accent to the male british one
Next train to Orlando
start game temple runner
Why does my top up say still pending when I used my card to do it.
tell me the movie with best imdb ratings going on in theatres near me
I would appreciate that someone let me know when there is an extra charge for payments. I was checking the app earlier and saying a charge on one of my payments that was additional that no one made me aware of before.
google calendar. add event for march 21st
can you help me find my w-2
Why wasn't my card payment accepted?
I prefer Visa, can I get that instead?
can you update me on the status of my american express card application
I bought something that I need a refund for.
Can I have a tangible form of my virtual card.
Please put this photo on my Instagram.
whats the schedule for today
would I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
how many of my sick days have i gone through
Remove all the events from the calendar in this month
what is the wait time at this restaurant
I think I was wrongly charged in a recent transaction when I used my card.
yeap great response.
I got charged twice with a duplicate card. How do I resolve this?
Is a SWIFT transfer acceptable?
you do not get what i wanted.
please provide the name of the insurance plan that i'm enrolled in
What is the price of AMD on the stock market?
Is my daughter eligible to open an account?
Why did you charge me for taking out cash?
Turn off the lights in the bathroom
Is there a way to obtain a virtual card?
how many lists are open
please tell me how to go about asking for a vacation
can i increase the credit limit on my mastercard
i love that song who sings it
in x, help me book a car
i'm sure it could be either
can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
<Show my alarms>
Open playlist 5
my account has been blocked, but i have no idea why
Please add contact e-mail johndoe@yahoo.com to John Doe's contact information.
please find the current balance on my con edison bill
check new email
is it okay to substitute oregano for basil
Why hasn't my payment gone through yet?
what did the clinic say about my exams
where can i get some good food
olly please could you shut up.
i need to report fraudulent activity on my visa card, please
tell me what happens when we die
I am seeing in the app, some cash witdhrawals that I did not authorize.
I got an cancellation error when I was topping up.
My transfer to my account is missing.
get rid of my 2 pm reservation at ruth's steakhouse
i need a cup of coffee
What did you do with my money??? I just topped up, I saw the money was there, but now it's gone!! What did you do with it?
dim the lights to level two
i want to put in an application for a line of a credit card how do i do that
What do I need to do to activate my new card?
change that off the list
cancel reservation at eight for the group
What do I need to do to change my PIN?
Does this card work everywhere?
anything is good with me.
how many shares of apple can i get for
Why has my top-up not worked?
How much will it be in order to pay with a bank transfer using SEPA?
what ingredients are in chips
Using Google Pay, can I top up?
can you deleted the current event
I have been charged twice for the same transaction.
find me a roundtrip flight from dallas to los angeles from march 2 to march 10
I have no way to prove my identity.
will i be notified when my application has been processed
where is russia located
i need you to place a stop on my bank account, thank you
Resume play where I left off in book on Audible.
what all is in gumbo
I want to here song x
i need to proof my identity to you why and how?
where should i go this weekend
i ordered new sheets online when will they arrive
what was the first car made
what shots are required to visit australia
i want 1234 to be the new pin number for my joint account
train tickets for two people from delhi to mumbai
what is motorola going for today
how many pounds are in 10 kilos
Tell me if I have new emails.
what do you call me
please set on 8th july there is music concert in white field
please again explain me on this.
what is dollars in pesos
I am still waiting for a transfer to show
I am worried about the amount of my cheque, which should be credited to my account few days before. As i have already sent you the cheque.
ah that was great work.
please start the coffee
How do I exchange USD to GBP?
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
i'd like to call you alex
ask a restaurant in me area
take that off there
what is the latest from my feed
listen carefully that is not correct.
do i have banana in my shopping list
should i get a visa before going to cancun
Can my 8 year old grandson open an account at the bank?
what do you want to talk about?
I made a cash withdrawal and was charged a fee incorrectly can you help with this?
find out for me when the next holiday will be
In regards to the PIN of the card?
find geographic details of this place
<unk> items
what clothes store would you recommend here
Are cheques accepted to my account? Mine didn't seem to work.
Is my daughter eligible to open an account?
I recently got a new place while I'm staying abroad and have been using this account to manage payments, but suddenly I am seeing fees increase. Where are these additional fees coming from?
what do you answer to
can you define this word
about how long should you cook lasagna
My top-up didn't work.
I'll take my coffee, black
dim the lighting in my living room
I think a card payment I made was cancelled.
facebook info
Set the living room lights to 50%
help me schedule maintenance for my car
Weather in Atlanta
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
what do i do when my car battery is dead
Set a reminder to go to movies with Ron on March 27
Create a meeting event in my calendar.
I won't verify my identity.
Was there a number to track that I could get?
get me to my friends list
i need to know when i get my next day off
play chess with me please
hold on what was that you just said
where is my pizza from domino's at
Can I use the card at any cash machine?
can i swap cayenne pepper for black pepper
set alarm at 9 am on next sunday
yeap good.
I did not have the right exchange rate applied to my situation of pulling out cash
How do I go about getting a refund?
Set alarm for 8 am tomorrow
please remove my list of favorite albums
What is the reason my transfer was declined?
can you share the meaning of life
PDA, create an email that needs to go out to my family.
Will you send me a new card in China?
which stock markets have lowered in the past three hours
when will my flight take off
i tried to withdraw money but was told i didn't have funds
journal entry for today
My cash deposit from a week ago is still not in my account. Can you help me please?
yeap you've understood my instructions perfectly.
what is the closing price of apple today
what is playing at the local theater right now
How do I contact customer support about my declined transfer?
can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at three pm time every week day
what is the latest email from xxx
Do you enjoy being a PDA?
I deposited a cheque but the cash hasn't arrived yet
I believe someone is using my card without my agreement!
I just got an error message saying my transfer is not possible? Why is that? I've transferred money before and it worked without problem
Why hasn't my payment gone through?
tell me when the next holiday arrives
Which countries does your service work in?
hello, i'd like a reservation for two at the olive garden at six tonight
could you please help me in listening to the radio
when do i need to get my tires changed
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
i gotta know your hobbies
The app is showing a direct debit transaction that I did not perform
Where does Kate Middleton buy her kids clothes.
I do not need GBP, I need AUD, how do I convert it?
Please provide currency exchange rates
whatever the next event is in the calendar delete it
Please help to explain to me why my new card was declined when I tried to use it at my grocery store this morning to pay for the items I needed.  I tried three times to use it and it kept being declined.  I was very embarrassed standing there trying to buy my groceries.
i want to hear this radio station now
this was a nice conversation
thank you for that reply
What's up with the extra fee I got?
tell me about mary s. in my contacts
what is my chase card's rewards balance
resume playing the miniaturist
i want you check the last thing said please.
Is this where I order a virtual card?
Where is North Dakota?
give me some cafes near downtown fort lauderdale
Please play any alternative punk rock I have.
summarise week's weather details
please make your language setting norwegian
i need to know if you are a real person or an ai
Can I increase my top-up maximum?
How long does it take to show a deposit I made to my balance?
that's enough.
how old did you just turn
present your speech at a slower pace
what are you’re hobbies, ai
What is the current date today?
Is there any way to get my salary in a different currency?
I can't use the app.  My phone is lost at the hotel.
is there any chances of rain this week
do you know when i last took my car to get checked
did renee just post to my facebook feed
hey what's the current time in austin
how can i go about finding my location right now
what date did i have my oil changed last
Please add supervision to my calendar
PDA trantimes to NY.
credit limit
I would like to make a purchase, however my card has been declined. I would like to ask the reason for this. The past two weeks, the card has been working fine.
can you shut down.
what's the name of this tune
i need to add the chore of vacuuming to my task list
I tried entering my passcode and it isn't working. Can you help?
are there 8pm tables available at texas roadhouse
Give me the birth date of Mahatma Gandhi
erase my appointment for march seven
you are helpful, thanks.
i want to know how i can build up a good credit score
i like you to check it please.
Why did the ATM eat my card?
Can I have it delivered on a specific date?
Add repeating event on Saturday on 7 am named cinema time
how much time have i taken off this year
what is that song that's playing
what do i do if my visa card got stolen
start up bejeweled
I HAVE ALL DETAILS ABOUT PDA'S
Do I have emails
Please tell me about upcoming alarms.
Make a list of all the clothing range available on Ralph & Lauren.
how do i get to the hotel by bus
where is your home planet
What is open late in L.A?
I was just shopping and my payment was declined in a store!  It was very embarrassing, what is going on and when will it be fixed?
The ATM didn't give me the amount I asked for
put the disco lights on
clean the sofa with the vacuum cleaner
tell me why relationships are so hard
There's been a transaction to the wrong account.
How do I verify my source of funds?
yeah you did command perfectly.
what did you mean by that.
what is the traffic like this morning
annul the reservation i created
Give me the release date of this song
that is nice one, musch appreciated, olly.
how is the exchange rate for Microsoft?
read me some different cat trivia items
what alarms are set in the house
I want to close my account & I will never do business with you again.
you rock, appreciated.
how bad is the traffic waiting for the staten island ferry at 8 am
can you add laundry to my to do list
lower lights in kitchen
what is recipe
tell me billy crytals address PDA.
tell me what the point of life is
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct answer.
I've obtained the card, how do I enable it on the app?
Automobiles
can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week
get today's weather report
what time of day is it in london
I have a payment that I didn't make.
make not of my appointment for tomorrow on my calendar
Please keep me up to date on <insert topic here>
Help! I need to cancel a transaction.
what's the routing number for my savings account
Access recipe book please?
do you have any funny jokes you can tell
how many calories does a big mac have
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR POUND TO USD
Can I cancel a transfer if is already processed?
i need to know what tasks are on my to-do list
help me decide what mexican meal i want
how long will it take before the postal service delivers my new card
How is the economy in Fort Worth compared to Houston?
how much is 500 dollars in pesos
directions to virginia beach va
Why is my card not working anymore?
There has been a transfer pending in my account and I wanted to know how long it is going to take to go  through.
how do i set a timer
what time is it in honolulu
What do I do if the ATM took my card?
send message via email
Hi, I want to inquire about my balance. Some cash was deposited and it hasn't updated yet.
yes great response.
what is happening in the world news
I am trying to revert a transcation I did this morning
describe blanket
what is the calorie content in potatoes
How do I delete my account? I am dissatisfied with the service.
Tell me the name of the composer
turn the living room lights to one percent
I think a card payment I made was cancelled.
decrease brightness of lights
count down 10 minutes
let's have the radio on
Inappropriate Activity
what are the train times today
Events, 6:45 today
it's great one, i appreciate it.
Book a train for me
Who else can top up my account
dim the lights to level two
have no idea about what to choose, olly.
play britney spears live concert series
I am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
I have been charged an extra fee when buying from your store. Why is this?
can you please turn the volume to 4
what location is this
please set alarm for all days
How do I link to my credit card with you?
Is the 1 pound charge I can see an error or an incorrect entry?
Source and Destination
hi, how are you
How much transactions do I get with a disposable card?
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
what is the highest rated movie this week
let dan know where i am
Remove all the events in my calendar
I received my new card, but I don't see it in the app anywhere.  What do I do?
book a train tickets for me
I didn't initiate a direct debit that I see on my account
Hello, I tried to top up with my card, but it didn't work. I just got it a couple days before and it works fine. What's the deal? Can you check into this?
hey olly tell my today's top news
please will you tell me one more time again.
announce a comment in facebook
I found a direct debit I would like to dispute
Are there any new emails yet?
put on a pot of coffee
Is there a cash withdrawal fee? Because I just got charged?
start song x
tell me it once more.
whatever the next event is in the calendar, delete it
My virtual card won't work.
that's all, just stop.
@NikeSupport the shoes I bought last week already have a hole in the sole.
What's the latest news from T-mobile?
My last name has changed and I need to update my account details.
I would like to report an issue with my product and want to get it refunded
what's the expected calorie load of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
answer the equation eight times seven
I made a transaction this morning but I need to revert it now.
s2, i do not understand that.
I think someone is using my card without my permission!
How many people are attending my next meeting?
Please turn on my wemo plug socket.
my american express card needs to be reported as stolen
call a taxi for me
Weird charges are appearing in my debit account.
Ask them to remember always to lock the door and keep a careful watch on their keys.
Create email to John start body I am interested in seeing the car you have for sale can we schedule a time to meet? Send
If I want to send out more cards, do you charge extra for that?
what is the name of the insurance plan that i'm enrolled in
can you again rephrase me on your answers.
Are there any news regarding our President on Facebook today?
disable my three pm alarm
find me an uber
what is happening with brexit today
I have duplicate charges for the same transaction
forget this song and go to the next
I ordered a card and I still haven't received it. It's been two weeks. What can I do?
absolutely
you are wrong
find me a train ticket to boston
alarm status
what you have said was not so clear.
roll a 6 sided die
What is the weather supposed to be like this week?
Give me dark
turn off lights in bathroom
What is the fee on my statement for?
Please clear my calendar of all events.
Alexa start email.
Tell me about the latest world scenario on global warming
do you know if cheese cake factory does reservations
please decrease the volume of music player
I lost my card and need a new one, will it cost me?
tell me all about hurricane
add new item
Please add event in calendar
I want to know about your refund policy.
i would like a cup of coffee
start play spider
Why am I being charged to withdrawal money?
the answer is definitely no
How long is my Europe transfer wait?
check if it is ok to eat cheese that has been in the refrigerator since last tuesday
can you say again
i want you confirm it please.
How long does it take for transfers to be approved?  I sent funds to my girlfriend, and she says that she has not seen any approved funds in her account.
Brighten lights
are there any travel alerts for ukraine
What are the time frames for the money to be available in my account?
i need to find the interest rate for my checking account
you've done it correctly thanks, olly.
Would I be able to get a second card?
that is good.
will you please post this to my facebook, 'i love you'?
Can I electronically transfer funds into my account from my American Express?
how much can i expect on my next check
please cook me a hamburger
can you play the song amazing grace and it goes like this, amazing grace how sweet the sound
i need to get from jfk to dallas with united for under $500
turn my audio higher
Who was the chief guest of the event?
think someone is using my card with permission
who is in charge of you
Why isn't my google pay top up working?
I need to exchange some foreign currency. What's the charge for doing that?
What is going on? My balance still hasn't updated and it has been two weeks since I deposited my money!
how far along is my purchase
My withdrawal was cancelled.
book a train ticket for one one way for this tuesday at nine am
How long does it take for money to reach my account?
10-4
Tweet complaint to Burger King
will you stop.
<All alarms>
double cappuccino small please
what's happening with the hurricane in the gulf
s1, will you again elaborate me on what you said now please.
are there any travel warnings for london
that's enough, just cancel.
i want to order some pizza
Start my favourite podcast
book me a train ticket
I don't think my top up is working correctly
that was helpful,.
can you add my brother's birthday dinner at rusk for march 23rd
what temperature do you bake a potato?
Save the date October 1st Ann and I are going to lunch at 2pm
can you tell me how to set up direct depost
How long do I wait for my PIN
how do I subtract 4 from 2
write an email
i want to eat two pita gyros please and some diet coke
when do they mail me a replacement card
what do you do for hobbies
find hotel order food name
Tell me if I should use the train or bus to get across town today?
What are the currencies and cards that are supported with my account?
My card is about to expire, what do I do?
how long can i keep a ham in the freezer
undecided
I tried topping up for the first time today since I am a new customer. It doesn't appear that it's working. It has been pending for at least half an hour. Please take care of this.
please check and confirm it.
What's the weather like in Sydney?
what is the value of my bank accounts
Open Pandora, play Rock Station
what date is easter sunday this year
i need to know the apr on my credit union visa
Delete the first aarm
Have I received any work emails from Jeff?
Good morning! Isn't it a great day?
Can you explain why my transfer was unsuccessful?
speak mandarin
any good bike shops in oxford
I would like to report an issue with my product and want to get it refunded
Olly, look up the map to stores near me
how old is rihanna
Cortana, can you please turn off the lights in this room?
yeah get that correcly.
Can I only top-up digitally? Or could I use cash?
I believe my credit card was stolen.
will you please show me my lists
what's the time frame for hamburger stored in the freezer to go bad
is it acceptable to swap rice for quinoa
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
remind me of the date of the event called 'anniversary dinner
Can I have a supplementary card?
Remember dinner on Thursday at Bistro Italia.
Play music in Queue
Can you tell me how to order a virtual card?
can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
play lady now
Select the R&B playlist from the 90's please.
whats the calorie content of oatmeal
I tried to withdraw cash and got declined, why is that?
find me the distance and direction by train to rccg in ikoyi lagos
will you further elaborate me on it please.
does canada require a visa
set an appointment for an oil change
I need to cancel my card that got stolen a little while ago. Someone has already taken some money out and I don't want them to take anymore. Can you please do that?
At what age can I open an account?
Could you tell me about the alerts I have set?
schedule pizza takeout for seven pm
where is the food festival tonight
kung fu panda three
how might i go about jump starting a car
what's the limit on my discover card
Can I get a refund on an item?
what do i do to enable direct deposit
it does not really matter.
How long does a transfer take to be confirmed?
Is there an auto top up option?
I deposited a check a few days ago and it's still not gone in! Please help me with this
I made a purchase and it says it's pending. What does that mean?
I need to use my disposable card multiple times a day, is there a cutoff limit?
increase the bright of the light
what is miami weather like
how long do you need to put the cuish in for
will you reset.
i replaced my tires last year when should i replace my tires again
I finally got my new card and was very excited to use it today. However, my payment kept declining. What is happening?
Just Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
can you tell me the subjects you know best
is it possible to read my to-do list again
Pull up my shopping list.
How can I modify my details?
that is useful, appreciated, olly.
what are some fun local experiences in canada
remind me at 6:30 pm
brighter
Can you check about unauthorized use of my card, I think someone is using mine without my knowledge?
what time is the party tonight
my day was so busy
whats my delta flight's status
resume the two towers audiobook
Can you tell me what 25 percent of 2100 is?
what's my favorite music at the moment?
My contactless stopped working today for no good reason. It's not working no matter where I try to use it. Can you please help me fix it?
Could you inform me as to why I have been charged a higher fee for doing banking abroad.
when was my most recent transaction
mail send to ashok
text william and ask him to pick up organic apples tonight
I'm going to cancel a purchase.
yes it's confirmed.
Can I open a bank account for my newborn baby?
Please begin clash of clans
raise volume
Can you unblock my blocked pin?
remove all alarms set today
I have an account at another bank, but I want to transfer some of the money to my account here..
are there any new harmful things that could affect my credit score
Play my prefered song
open the country favorites playlist and play it on shuffle
search for how to change my oil
PDA, What is happening in the news?
What is the purpose for the identity check
please delete all meetings of today after seven pm
tell me how long milk stays good in the fridge
do you know the name of this song
add new email address
What's the weather like outside?
Can I use any card and currency?
let me know when it is ten
cancel tomorrow's meeting
I haven't been sent my new pin!
I wasn't applied the correct exchange rate for an item I bought
please send a complaint to someone
check if there any new email
what type of gas do i need for this car
how will help this meeting
add a new email
Can you tell me how to get my card on the app?
I can't find the top-up card verification code.
desk lamp one off
How come my cash deposit is not showing up. This can't be right. There must be some mistake. Where did my cash go. You better not have lost it as I need this money asap.
any new emails for me
mark this song as a favorite
make us a brew
please play podcasts on science
how much gas do i have left in my tank
how would i say thank you if i were mexican
add 'christmas' on 25-December-2017 at 'sara's place'
save this song as my favorite
what are exchange rates based on
show me my latest social media activity
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email
Although I transferred some money, it has not as of yet, arrived.
Please check email contain job listing
please give me the nutrition facts for chicken parmesan
the magnetic strip on my card is scratched up pretty badly from overuse can i get a new one
i would like coffee now
how was this ai created
What are the fiat currencies used?
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
My app shows cash I didn't get.
can you apply for idaho independent card for me
give me the apr for my mastercard
Find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
minimize the lights
It won't let me prove my identity.
Parenting
what's the rate between pesos and yen
My attempted transfer failed.
create a meeting with friend
Hello,  I noticed the money for an item I purchased online and have already received has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with the merchant accepting my payment? Or, possibly, with the bank sending it?
more light
Any chance of getting the card outside the UK?
can i get a random heads or tails
please tell me what time it is
what kind of event is happening around me
Do I have any new tweets?
Can you tell me what haggis looks like?
i do not think that was correct.
set a reminder for 12:30:  Meeting with the boss
will you say once again.
Overhead lights on, please.
tweet i am doing well on twitter
I've tried to send money to my friends and I keep getting rejected. Can you please tell me why, I don't understand.
how much rate will be calculated
how can i change information on my insurance policy
where is the closest sweet frog
get contact
Can I exchange currencies with this app?
what day of the week is it
which shops can i find in milan
I got cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
Where is the convention center located?
How ling is an Earth day?
i would like to reserve a hotel room that accomodates 10 people from monday to tuesday in manhattan
Play song Everytime I see you
turn on vacuum cleaner
what is currently on my calendar for friday the 1st
are you ai, or a person
can you assist me in paying my electric bill
I set up a payment to a new payee and sent some money but the person I'm sending it to has not received it.  Can you check where the money is?
are there any alerts for traveling in belize
visa's are hard to get do i need one when i travel to israel
I can't find my card!  What should I do?
Can I order a new card by phone?
silent mode on for the next three hours
Did anyone like my photo I just posted?
turn up media volume
Let's go through all pending reminders.
what's the traffic this morning
i want to hear more about how i can use my credit card points
Start playing music.
What do you charge to top up US cards?
what's the nutritional info for a cup of noodle soup
what is the time in milwaukee?
find local shops
Cortana, will you please mute my speakers?
i think olly's command is incorrect.
s1, will you please further explain me about what you said.
delete soda from my shopping list and add water to it
Remind me every Monday to take out the trash
what is a fun fact about mt everest
Olly, how many rivers are there in Europe?
recipe for crabmeat
please play me a song from my favourite list
can you put the vacuum on
tune in to npr
I need assistance with activating my new card.
I did a transfer but its still pending
Can you explain why my Google Pay Top isn't working?
My phone was stolen, what should I do?
what is behind life's meaning
what exactly can you help me with
will you let mary know my location
set the volume to low
delete the dentist appointment next week
look for different recipes
how long does it take to cook a pork chop
I got charged two times for a transaction
complaint tweet to Microsoft.
How do I top up with a cheque?
I need to add baseball practice on Saturday at  two pm.
Explain the extra ATM fees.
I have made several unsuccessful attempts to make a transfer.  I'm getting frustrated at getting error messages and it not going through.
what is my interest rate
How can I get cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been actually charged though...
bring up lights
I have to make several disposable cards per day.
that is unimportant to me, olly.
raise the volume to 4 please
Remind me 30 minutes early that I have a teleconference on Tuesday
start playing my song list
how can i get new insurance, please
please will you shut down.
what are some good itialian restaurants in north salem
what time is it over in pacific time
dim the lights at the living room
how many of my contacts live or work in detroit
What fiat currencies are supported?
Can you tell me what i steps i should take since my card was stolen?
do you know an good pasta dishes
google i need one train ticket to new york can you book that for me
What are the available cards?
Where is baseball practice happening tomorrow?
Play songs by Bryan Adams.
help me find place
check emails for unread emails from mom
What does the email say that was sent 30 minutes ago from Mom.
set the alarm for tomorrow five am
can you help me find a lasagna recipe
Find the right amount of cinnamon for the garam masala.
can i initiate a one-time transfer from my savings account to my money market account
I want to hear great music
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
you are star,.
Please play the podcast from happypeople.com.
i no longer need the daily five pm alarm
your birthday please
what steps can i take to build my credit score
Did Tracy update her Facebook status today?
what will the weather be for the next week
Can you change the lights to white?
can my credit limit on my discovery card go up
Do we add rosemary in pasta
I want to top up by transfering accounts, What do I do?
flag me an uber for 10pm tonight
Hi I'm a new customer and tried topping up for the first time today, seems it's not working, the thing shows up as pending since half an hour already! Please fix it!
Seems like the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday was wrong. I was charged extra.
what do i need to do for my mastercard rewards
Can I receive a refund for my item?
What is the charge for topping up a card?
Why am I being charged twice fro a restaurant?
do they deliver
What's close by for dinner
I'd like to listen to hear a mix of dance and country
I want to transfer money into my account, what do I do?
I would like to terminate my account.
that's wonderful work, thank you.
where should i travel if i want to go to a nice beach
that's exact.
Can I select my card scheme or do you choose it for me?
play from smashing pumpkins
it was nice job, thank you so much.
Google play top up help?
Add a reminder on Thursdays at 11:30 am and name it dance classes
What list are open
Turn on my first scheduled alarm
What information am I going to have to have in order to do a transfer with my card?
does italy have any travel alerts i should be aware of
I just moved overseas and I noticed that you are charging me more fees.  I am a loyal customer, is this how you expect to keep customers?
I topped up my account but the app failed to process it.
Is there a limit to top-up amounts?
decrease volume
newest world news
call taxi
please put all the lights
My passcode won't work.
my new playlist well be having god's plan adding to it
i am not sure how to pay my phone bill and need assistance
Will this card work at any ATM?
Turn on my plug.
add up 8 and 7
Do you have a list of countries you operate in?
radio please
reply email to charlotte
what kinds of activities to you participate in during your free time
who formed thou
where's the gas tank level at
I need my card to be activated right now.
Show me the latest from the Daily Mail.
PDA what's on my to-do list?
Please open a reply to the email.
Echo, who won the presidential election this year?
who is the singer
With what currencies can I add money?
i will need my filter coffee in ten minutes please ask the coffee maker accordingly
ITS WOULD BE TASTEY
would you confirm the detail.
What events do I have planned for the next two weeks?
what did you mean.
I received the wrong color and size, can I return it?
you are so helpful, thank you.
Recipient has not received the money
Will the temperature stay about the same, or is it going to get colder?
set up a reminder to give the cat her flea medicine
would you say that red lobster's pretty buy at noon
how many vacation days have i accrued
i'd like to hear the last one spoke again.
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
talk to me about where im at right now
If I want to be able to give my daughter a card for my account, would I be allowed to get one for her?
activate vacuum
Music on PDA.
tell me something cool about elephants
how soon is my anniversary
i need some coffee made
what's the amount of money i spent yesterday
please turn on all the outdoor lights
set an eight hundred am alarm for next tuesday
Tell me who the 32nd prsident is.
Let's suck out the dust.
i need a reminder for Friday's meeting.
let me hear some music
what can you do
how to exchange currencies
What type of weather can I expect today?
set an alarm for the dance classes two hours before the classes start
I think someone else is using my card.
How can I verify my top-up card?
Please help to explain to me why my new card was declined when I tried to use it at my grocery store this morning to pay for the items I needed.  I tried three times to use it and it kept being declined.  I was very embarrassed standing there trying to buy my groceries.
will i need my snow boots this afternoon
I need to know when a payment will actually go through. I completed a payment using my card but it is just showing as pending at this point and it has been a while ago.
Play me a random audio book that has to do with love.
how much is my water bill for
i want whisper mode to be switched off
quickly disconnect the phone
I don't think my card payment exchange rate is correct.
Why was I not able to complete my transfer?
i would like to know what hobbies you enjoy
can i turn on the alarm now
confirm my reservation for acero at 7
My app says I made a withdrawal, but I didn't.
when should i get my car's oil changed next
what is 100 multiplied by 55
how would you explain the pets you own
how is my tire pressure
you like the song
i am in the mood to listen to mack the knife
how much does a card cost and why do you charge me
How do I set my physical card PIN?
Where can I find my PIN? I haven't gotten it yet.
Whats it like in chicago, PDA?
What do you need for my identity check?
Olly, resume lord of the rings.
please start whisper mode
would not really know, olly.
nope, i did not say it.
How can I transfer money using my credit card?
my damage card is not working
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
I have questions about how to transfer money to my account.
Card refund is not showing up in my statement.
Open email to new person, please.
check and confirm last thing i said please.
move to next episode
Are there limits to businesses that will accept this card?
what kind of oil do i need to change the oil in my car
use your male voice
making ribs perfectly is done how
I want to play a game
please turn the lights off
change the lights to red
do i need a visa to go there
How do I go about verifying the top-up card?
please clarify once again.
please play trivial pursuit with me
traffic status please
How can I use my credit card to transfer money?
change the lights in the house to green
can you speak that one more time.
what movies is out there in the local cinema
use my credit to add money
change to a male voice
play jack johnson playlist music
delete the list please
confirm four for my reservation at fiji
mexico travel alerts
you understood command perfectly.
what is computer
Hi, Last week I have contacted the seller for a refund as directed by you, but i have not received the money yet. Please look into this issue with seller and help me in getting the refund.
do you recommend any movies that are currently playing in me area
I want to hear some tunes
define god
is it safe to travel to argentina
can you identify this song playing through the speaker right now
play episode 2 of
i want to listen jazz
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at hu hot for paulie
i think it is not correct response.
tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful
set a reminder for when the turkey is finished cooking
how many tablespoons are in a cup
use my shower playlist
i tried to withdraw money from an atm and i was declined on front of my friends. Why did this happen?
please turn on whisper mode
Please clear my calendar
list any interesting events I like in the next  two days
i need to report my card as stolen, who do i tell
give me the details of next reminder
There is unusual activity on my account and I believe someone took my card.
how far is walmart from here
show me how to cook lasagna
Google Pay won't let me top up.
has the weather changed for wednesday at all
make this email a new contact
is pizza healthy
what music is playing right now
i need to make a report due to fraudulent activity on my card
please set the lights to green
i want to switch to direct deposit
can i use margarine instead of butter
I wish to go for cheap shopping, is there any $1 shop nearby?
is there any traffic on my way to work
convert 100 kilo to pound
Do I have anything planned today
My account balance has not updated since I deposited a cheque recently.
I need money put into this account from another one.
Will it automatically top-up money if there isn't a lot left?
can you tell me today's date
How do I get refunded?
Tell me the synonym
Delete this event on march 3
play party songs
respond to all that I am on my way
Does your system support multiple currency.
speak to me in dutch
you've got my instructions right.
How do I select a Mastercard instead of a Visa?
Will I be charged for a SEPA transfer?
do you have any hobbies
How do I activate my card so I can start using it?
on tuesday you are supposed to have a meeting
Where is the transfer that I did?
what time is twelve pm eastern time in pacific time
Someone else accessed my account and made a payment.
corner of my credit card is chipped off
How do I track the card you sent me?
will you say once again.
on twenty third february rahul will come with me on india cricket match
get me a flight from barcelona to paris from jet blue
i want to play poker with you
Where is the Acme meeting being held on Friday?
please confirm my reservation for kevin at red robin
how much mpg does this car get on the highway
What are my remedies if I think I was charged twice for the same expense?
i wanna know the next holiday
How long will this transfer from europe take?
Can I add money to top up my account via a bank transfer?
send an email to with the subject as test and no content
Salary in GBP has been received, does it need to be configured elsewhere?
Why is the ATM not allowing me to get cash?
please ask the bank to freeze my account
turn lights in the room off
I used this account a lot during the last month to manage my payments for my new place abroad. Seems that suddenly fees have increased? Shouldn't you instead reward your frequent customers instead of putting an additional fee suddenly?!
don't mind for whatever.
I want to hear more of shinedown.
Need to report a change of address.
I just realized I made the wrong transaction yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow Please.
i want to go to bank of america give me directions
please find all name start with alphabetic of a and create a list
Hey hey
what things do you enjoy doing
i was at walmart when my card was declined i was only trying to buy some candy
horoscope
do i pay my rent this week
what you have said is not so clear.
make arrangements for me to get my oil changed
How long is a transfer in the pending status?
what pets do you have
What's the problem? I thought you offered crypto top up. This doesn't appear to be working at all. My money has now vanished from my account.
what is the difference between yesterday's and today's stock prices for walmart
can you help me hunt for my missing cellphone
what is the song name
the date tomorrow is what
Play Solitaire
Skip to the next podcast
Show me what day the 31st is on.
Do not make any noise until morning alarm.
need my details changed
will you retry it please.
Why do you charge for payments? Why aren't your charges clearly laid out in the agreement?
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for seven am please
search schedules for this week
How old do my kids have to be to use your service?
that is cool, thanks, olly.
send email to david davis email address
I will require full cover jacket if it is too stormy in evening
what do i have next to do
How do I send my account money through transfer?
What's on my grocery list?
Why did I get charged for a withdrawal?
What is the day today?
what is the distance from some particular place
Olly, please speak up.
Why did my payment not go through why did it cancel?
tell me the amount of gas i have
I am at the ATM and tried to withdraw 30 pounds and it only gave me 10 pounds, what do I do?
can i use almond milk instead of rice milk
on my chase bank account what is the interest rate
What countries have access to this service.
Please tell me, do you use Visa or Mastercard?
i am sorry but that's incorrect answer.
i got to know how long until the next day off
what ingredients are in sugar cookies
where am i on the map
Hey can you check my email and see if there are any new messages?
can you change your accent to the male british one
I initiated a Bank transfer form Europe, how long will this take?
can i apply for a visa card
can you tell me the traffic situation from philadelphia to the new jersey turnpike
what will my state taxes cost
Notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
please book a taxi for me
how does one go about putting in a vacation request
Should I bring an umbrella tomorrow?
IT'S NOW WINTER IN US
change my name to master
goddammit.
resume series podcast
Find easy recipe for almond milk
play music from workout playlist
What's the exchange rates
where should i spend my time off
that is all, just stop.
i would like you to stop what you were doing
Where is Stonehenge?
give me the morning news
how much total have i spent on fast food lately
can you please change the mood of the light
i need you to increase the speaker volume
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
please tell me how to find out when my rent is due
Please check for recent emailstudy from this sender.
where is morocco located
How do I change to a different currency?
my all time favorite song is something like this from chainsmokers
please make a call to stefan larson
switch on the radio
what is my american express card's rewards balance
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME THE MEANING FOR THE ITEM LAPTOP.
undecided
what is the current time in lagos nigeria
When I topped up, the app reverted my funds.
which film the music comes from what is the name of the music
Olly that last email needs to be answer asap.
initiate celine dion music
please explain what you've said further.
Why did I get a transfer declined?
i do not really bother, olly.
does applebees do reservations
I did what you told me earlier and contacted the seller for a refund directly, but nothing is happening! It's been a week and I still haven't got anything. Please just give me back my money
s1, would you please rephrase it further to me.
olly's command failed.
can i get an order delivered from romero's
set a reminder for the movie
Amazon still has my phone connected to someone else's account
give me step by step instructions for changing my oil
what's the next thing on my list of appointments
Could not complete transfer, states 'declined'
find a non stop train to seattle
12th July is Bola's birthday and my calender to be updated with this date
tell me the artist currently playing
i need to know if capones does reservations in trenton
is the processing done on my new credit card
Please remove the list.
Did I get any emails from Jack?
Current price of coca cola stock
Please unmute the settings
What was the $1 charge for on my statement?
please could you confirm that.
How can I tell if there will be a fee added to my payment or not?
When I travel, can it automatically add money in certain intervals?
How long does it take for a purchase to go from pending to authorised?
Save email for later
Tell me about Amazon's history
oh it is nice one, olly.
did the price of walmart stock go up or down
will you replay what you have said please.
what is this extra charge for a withdrawal?
what is the average of 54, 23, 43, 12, and 442
Do you offer cards for those in other countries?
what time zone is in cuba?
what's the time right now
hey, I think someone stole my card numbers. There is a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me.. I really need that money back to pay my rent.
What is $20 in Yen?
i'm going to canada soon, do i need a visa
i would like to know what flights are available out of el paso to dallas on june 10 for under $300
send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
What are the fees of using an international card to add money?
find apple on list and remove
how old is clint eastwood
Why has my card payment been cancelled?
how is the traffic
can you check and confirm details.
please explain me more on what you said.
pull up list
i want to hear chopin now
have a taxi pick me up
Someone stole my wallet with my card in it while vacationing in Spain. I really need my card blocked and a new one ordered.
what food is good?
agree.
Where is the virtual card located?
what is the exchange rate for foreign ATMs
If my card payment isn't working what do I do?
card is lost, please help
How much does each transfer cost?
Play from Smashing Pumpkins.
I just deposited cash to my account and can't find it!
give me to do list
include this
I want a coffee now.
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
I don't need x item any more, delete it
Define what's├ö├ç├» a goalkeeper
has my request for the day off been approved yet
Arrange a meeting with our suppliers this week end.
i was unclear about what you have said.
hmm, i think incorrect answer.
What was the cause for my card to be declined?
how much is a train ticket to san fransisco
set me up with an uber
how can i report a card that has been lost
How do i set up my credit card to send transfers?
update me on my delta flight please
lower lights
yeah answer was correct.
once again clarify me about your answers please.
reset to default settings
skip to the next song
play my mashup
What are my bank details so I can do a transfer?
I requested for a top-up but it has not reflected
Who can top up my accounts?
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti
how many bags can i carry-on for flights on singapore airlines
Change channel to
turns my son's room lights off
I requested a refund from a store but it hasn't arrived.
cancel my three pm alarm
I am having trouble with the app recognizing me.
can you please flip a coin, i call tails
I don't recognise a cash withdrawal
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and japanese yen
remember that this song is good but too slow to exercise to
are you a machine
recommend a blue grass band event within twenty miles of manchester ma this week
Am I scheduled to meet Fred in my calendar?
How do I find my card PIN?
Please play the ESPN FC podcast following the Barcelona UCL comeback.
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
What is the point of an identity check?
I've been charged more than once for the same transaction
i want to eat some spicy thing
I had to pay in order to do a transfer
New tweet:
i'm lost
How do I change GBP to AUD?
send this message to the family group.
Send my card as soon as you are able to.
set calender for date and time with this person
i need your setting switched to whisper mode right away
Add event to calendar
can you tell me what kind of show can i go tonight in miami
How does my identity get verified?
decrease the volume to ten
who is you employer
can you tell me what list i have?
My salary is in GBP. Do I need to configure this somewhere?
What is the plot of the most recent Will Smith movie?
when would you recommend i get my oil changed
Here's the truth about Meals on Wheels in someone's budget
I am not able to make a purchase because there is an issue with my card
Please look up exchange between US and Mexco
what is geographic value of great volcano
is there any Chinese places in Benton AR
what is the name of the lead singer in this band
could you please yell the answer out to me
I have a pending payment on my card.  Why?
I thought transfers were free. Why was I charged to transfer?
would like to see the time zone
repeat birthday
thank you very much for that information.
please go back to to factory settings now
It is already late.
I want to find some Chinese food, what is near me?
i would not mind to select any one.
Which fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchanging?
how do I ask for a physical card?
can you find me a recipe for carrot cake
Book a train ticket from Canada to Las Vegas.
twenty minus ten
If I lost my phone, what steps do I need to take to stop someone from using my account?
start a timer for me
What do I do if my card expires soon?
Can you tell me how to link one of your cards that I already have?
add five plus eighteen minus four please
how much can i top up?
make a 10 minute timer
list my lists please
check email for otp sent by my bank
Olly, what's a good movie that's out right now?
its cold outside
if i want to schedule a meeting, how do i do it
where can i find out the status of my credit card application
searching for any special holidays for us country
I need a 6 AM wakeup call.
tell me about joose
this item should be removed from list
is the bill due this week
Could I get tracking on the card?
Will you charge me for topping up with a European card?
could you please tell me what time is in singapore.
kind of what pets do you have
I already paid to top-up but the funds aren't available yet, where are they?
what to do lists do i have
dim the garden light by half
has any mail received with an attachment
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
Why isn't my refund on my statement?
resume the last played audiobook
Update my Inbox please
i need to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
I want to delete my account. I'm unhappy with the service you're providing.
play a movie i'll like
play npr through my living room stereo
turn off the upstairs lights
I don't know what pending transaction means.
I want a virtual card!
what is my schedule for june fourteenth two thousand and seventeen
i want to know when a bill is due
is a visa needed to go to mexico
when does my capital one visa expire
add grocery shopping to my to do list
it seems that there's fraudulent activity on my card i'd like to file a report
Brighten the lamp next to the sofa
what time does the train arrive in sacremento
how much of my pto is gone
that's cool,, olly.
play the next podcast episode
start making a coffee
add this email to a new contact
How long will it take to activate my new card?
My PIN number was incorrect, and I can't access it.
where is the nearest olive garden
inform me if there's a travel alert for the country
whats the stock price of apple
Why did my transfer fail?
please tell me everything on my list of reminders
I don't like the services, please close my account
activate the radio please
is my calendar free for Thursday
What music do I prefer?
Hi. A couple hours ago I make a transfer from my UK bank account, but it hasn't shown up. Please, would you see what the delay is?
Am I able to return an item for a refund?
i'd like to roll over my 401k
My card gets rejected when I try to use it
Play music from the playlist
Play next episode of her story.
give me the status of my order
please shut off the kitchen lights
could not understand your words.
why do i need to verify the top up?
please turn off the light
Why hasn't my cheque processed?
i want to report my card as lost
i like you check it please.
Space exploration: latest news
how high is my credit limit
lights dim
change house light colors to blue
oops, you're not correct.
what do i have on my shopping list
how much do i have available on my visa card
What if there is an error on the exchange rate?
is there a limit for top up?
could you tell me it once again.
can you read my meetings today?
compose an email to parisa
whats the safest way to jump start a car
which new emails were received
when Indianapolis Express will reach Indiana.
could i get some more checkbooks sent to me, please
what is the expiration date on my visa card
i need to know why my card was declined
the volume of the music playing now should be raised
tell me minimum to pay on landscape bill
switch over to whisper
i broke my card scraping snow off the windshield
what is the price of starbuck's stock
song info
I cannot locate the card PIN.
can you speak like a british dude
I bought something abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
how heavy is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas this hour
Add an event to my google calendar for the date march 22nd please
When should I expect to see my transfer hit my account?
start cleaner
create packing checklist
is adele going to go on tour
what's the inflation of my tires
do i pay a lot of taxes on my income
can you tell me the items on my to do list
Will a 2015 Fiesta be worth anything in 3 years?
write this message to the coworker group
Do I need to wear my slicker today?
movies with good rotten tomato ratings
remove the last item
Hello. I'm trying to transfer some money to a friend but it keeps getting rejected. can you help me?
Please set up a meeting with Becky at 3 pm on Tuesday
Today's news CNN
turn off the garage light
How many minutes pass 4 pm?
what is the value of apple
what time is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
give jim my gps location
will you please further elaborate it.
how do i place an order for more checks for my bank of america account
Show all train and time to Ny
i need to know the name that you have for me
what are good movies playing now
what timezone is london in
don't let payments go through using my bank account
what song is on the radio
I thought you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be right ? Money just disappeared from my account, How it would work ?
Please delete all my calendar events
mute sound on speakers please
Am I allowed to give my daughter one of my cards to use?
please create a new alarm
why did you decline my card at sfo
If my card is trapped in the ATM, what do I do?
There is a debit transaction on my statement that I did not make
yes you've understood my instructions right.
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
Olly, tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horribe
Can someone help me unblock my pin?
can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup
list out my meetings today
what gas does this car use
Can I use a bank transfer to add money to my account?
olly, I am taking day off tomorrow
when can i expect my paycheck
what's the latest news from BBC?
your answer is not clear.
how long does it take to get to phoenix by bus
Are there topping up fees if I have to transfer?
wake me up at six am
Make a new contact with this email.
let us try your information spoken one more time please.
i'm looking for a roundtrip flight from aaf to dia for february 23rd to february 28th
turn off the bathroom light
can you tell me if there's a lot of wait time at wendy's around 8am
What methods can I use to top up my account?
Is Mothers Day on a Sunday?
i want to hear a male british accent
Directions to Virginia Beach, VA
i want to hear a yo mama joke
if i think my car battery is dead, what steps should i take to fix it
can you play file
i am ready now to use some of the credit card points i have saved
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
s2, couldn't get that.
i want a fun fact about london
order me some chipotle
that is unimportant with me, olly.
Weather, San Antonio, Texas
I occasionally pay attention
replay the last utterance said.
i want to see my recent transaction
10AM
Define photosynthesis
turn off smart socket
please describe about microwave
what country were you made
please turn on the sean hannity show on am
I forgot the code to access the app.
what is the timezone for la
make a 10 minute timer
is the next day off coming up
Olly  what time are the meetings happening next week?
do you know the date of my next day off
make me a cup of coffee
what is required documents for new card process ?
just increase the volume a little
How can I know where did my funds come from?
ways to transfer my 401k
please text nancy and give them the message that i am on vacation
tweet my complaint about my truck to consumer digest
how good are the review for yardhouse
Help! I think someone has a copy of my card - I still have my card, but a five hundred pound cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account.
please speak up
text mary and tell them i'm on my way
play song aces high
what is sean connery's birthday
olly please will you shut up.
What do I do if I already had a card with you guys?
How do I modify my details?
Can I exchange between GBP and USD on the app?
What may be the reason that my transfer did not go through?
What happens if I forget my PIN?
I need to change my card PIN.
Please stop talking.
dim the lighting in my living room
can anyone help me pay my car bill
i want to book a flight from hawaii to new york on july 8th and returning on july 10th
further explain.
i think someone is using my card to withdraw money. Someone stole my wallet. What can I do? it is urgent.
What time is it in Akron?
What is this fee for transferring money?
My card is expiring, how do I get a new one?
can you find an animal joke for me
Whats types of currency can I exchange?
send amy a text for me and tell her i need to meet
change lights to blue
Cortana, increase the brightness of the lights.
What is 2 plus 4?
don't care.
could you put a stop on my bank account
What is the purpose of using you instead of searching on my own?
what asian restaurants nearby offer to go food
was my meeting today rescheduled
you've done that right musch appreciated, olly.
send an email to adele
How long does it take for my payment to process?
whats happening in ny
how many inches make one feet
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
how much did i spend on gas the past month
you have done your understanding correcly.
you have done that right thanks, olly.
no, i did not say it.
Remind me of the 7:00 AM Sales Meeting this Thursday and add to calendar.
s2, i couldn't catch up with you.
find jazz music on my playlist
what factors can ruin a credit score
how many miles before i run out of gas
does luigi's take reservations
How do I get a new card sent to China?
are visas required to go to cuba
i don't know where my phone is
will i need an international visa to go to madagascar
why do some poeple still think the earth is flat
play songs by adele
more light please
i need to set the timer for two minutes
will you dim all the lights
text mollie saying 'i am on my way
do we get monday off as a holiday
Can you refund my purchase?
you helped a lot, thank you very much.
you did perfect job, thank you so much.
Is there any rap that doesn't involve sex, money and drugs?
are there any specific shots i should get before traveling to england
What are the disposable cards for?
add a new email
I need to cancel my card.  There are a few charges from a couple days ago that I didn't make.  Can I get credit for these charges?
IT IS VERY HOT TODAY, IS NOT IT ?
one more time please
the status of my day off request, please
how many likes i have got on my eggless cake post on youtube
delete an first event of twenty third of march twenty seventeen
give me the time
I had a car accident today
let's use whisper voice
what is love
please clear out my whole to do list
Add Lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
what do i have planned on my calendar for next sunday
What do we have on NYT's front page
is there any traffic
Tweet long wait time and unprofessional employees.
yes your understanding was perfect.
what can i do in evans
how healthy is pecan pie
how do i schedule vacation days
How can I top up using google pay?
find the events
could you reset what i said please.
s1, please once again elaborate me about your answers.
the song playing now is released by which artist
Why was I not able to complete a transfer?
What are the items on this list.
i would like you to check and confirm my last command please.
I was using a foreign currecy to make a payment and the applied the wrong rate.
increase the volume
I would like to invalidate my account.  I am very disappointed with your services.
how do i rollover my 401k after i got a new job
Have you heard any good jokes lately?
is my paycheck arriving soon
play music composed by some one, giving short hint about the album.
the current news
put dr feelgood by motley crue on my playlist
PDA, change the color of my porch lights to green.
Am I limited to what ATM I can use my card?
i'm going to be going to canada soon, do they require a visa for entry
what is the traffic like right now
PDA show all emails sent to me from my boss
i have much gratitude for your help
queue up ymca
ah it's amazing work.
how do i make pumpkin pie
advise sam of my current location please
i want the complete weather details of seventh march
will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee
I'm supposed to be getting a refund but it hasn't shown up, now what?
tell me the name of my lists
The rate for a currency exchange was wrong when I bought something.
please set a reminder for the office party next saturday?
What is the status of my top up?
book next ny train ticket
play little women
create a new list of my pending bills
how old was elvis when he died
olly that will be all.
i want the current song added to my pregame playlist
run vacuum cleaner
please be quiet for another hour
it's really loud can you please turn the music down
Please make some coffee for me.
s2, i was unclear about what you have just said.
what is my meeting schedule like for the day
In the past month I often used this account to manage payments for my new holiday villa. Now all of a sudden your fees have increased exorbitantly! Don't you have a rewards programme for frequent users?
what's the mileage on my car
how much tax do i owe
are there specific shots i need before traveling to japan
show me the best podcast of folk songs having good rating and play it
what timezone is reno in
Salary in GBP has been received. Does it need to be configured into another place?
Why was there a fee for my transfer?
Can you add this event with Joey?
do I have anything going on tonight?
What steps must I follow to get a Visa credit card?
i like this song
Start a pot of coffee, please.
the last friday of the month lands on what day
what's going on around the neighborhood
how smooth is marble floor
So I just put my top-up into the card and it hasn't changed.
I tried to get gas but my money was gone!
What is the verification process for my card?
What kind of costs are involved for exchanging currency?
Why does a payment show up twice?
I was needing you to see if the exchange rate is correct from when i got cash
can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person
i'd just like to know how much gas is in my vehicle
What is this extra fee?
If I want to topup by card, how do I do it?
i gotta have a 10 minute timer
Olly, what is the highest temperature for this week?
is there any alarm after five am
repeat birthday
espn
what is your prescription for long and healthy life
turn on the plug socket 1.
i want to change to a new allstate insurance plan
find transportation to lax
Which is worth more? The US Dollar or the Euro?
i appreciate you helping me
i need a rental car for sfo from friday to saturday
How can I change my PIN without going to the bank?
How do I see my updated balance after I make a cheque or cash deposit?
add event to date
create a list for today's tasks
get news from reddit
I've attempted to do a very standard transfer and have tried 5 times at this point. Can you tell me what the issue is? Is the system down?
that is the wrong answer
is grub burger taking reservations
Can I use my American Express stored in Apple Pay to top up?
what song is currently playing
How long do I roast chicken breasts?
that does not really matter with me, olly.
would you remove bread from my shopping list and add bread
I want to transfer money to a beneficiery. Why can't I?
by main power off
check the apr on my disney visa, please
have you made a mistake.
can you recommend for me a dish from ethiopia
Do I have an appointment next Wednesday at 2?
if i fly internationally, do brittish airwaiys have carry-on limitations
Where do I go to verify my identity?
iphone
Why do I see an extra £1 charge on my statement?
would you tell me your age
how to cook crabs
I do not have what is required to prove my identity
who are you working for
When will a refund post to my account?
can you let sam and woody know where i am
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
what's my pin for my fidelity account
i'm thankful
let me know if there are any new emails from Callum
How do I link a new card in the app?
i need to hear again.
Is there a way to lookup where funds came from?
set a list for....
how do you change car oil
i am camile
give me a list of things to do in orlando
Is there a fee for using a European bank card to top up?
what is your name for me
i need help paying my auto insurance bill
dammit, i think incorrect.
what sorts of pets do you own
In terms of holding and exchange, what fiat currencies do you use.
change color
can i have an espresso please
i like you check what i last said please.
Do you know the name of the song that is playing?
continue to next song on the playlist
delete this from list
What do I need to make lamb pathia?
i need to book a hotel in ny, queens arrive on 8th and leave on the 13th
what's my gas mileage like
What time is it right now in Australia?
will the pizza be here soon
i need to report my bent card
I need to set up a meeting with Debra for Thursday at 3pm.
let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
Can you help me retrieve my card?
How do I go about activating my new card?
What currencies can I exchange?
I've received my card so now I need to know how to sync it to the app.
Play back the last message
how do i make a taco that's worth eating
Any hidden fees associated with the international card if money is added?
delete the next event in the calendar
How do I withdraw money?
i would like to know if you are an artificial intelligence being
I prefer mastercard.
what color is the sky
Can I order a virtual card?
how much is remaining after subtracting four from eight
Book for me a train ticket to New York
are you there
closest chipotle
turn on repeat
There is a direct debit set up that I didn't create.
rearrange that off the list
play the next episode of a podcast
tweet a disgusted face about mcdonalds
what are the ai's hobbies
i want you to repeat that
i need you to start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
will i need to have a plug converter when i visit madrid
i always wonder about the meaning of life, can you tell me
tweet complaint to amazon products
stop play
I think someone stole money from my card
lower the brightness
i will talk to you later on.
There has been a payment  in the App that has not be done by me.
Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
what is the route to the closest mcdonalds
start audiobook the time traveller
play my favorite station
cnn news
i need help getting a w-2
what's a neat fact about twinkies
what do i pay currently in income taxes
book a flight from miami, fl to columbus, ga on 16 february 2019 and returning on 2 march 2019
how do i locate my credit rating
remind me to meet with steve at one pm tomorrow
that was helpful, i appreciate it.
How many ATMs will take this card?
will you further elaborate me on what you have said please.
you didn't do what i said.
i would like you to check and confirm the detail please.
I need to cancel a payment. Something i purchased a while ago still has not arrived and i'm not going to pay them if they won't send me what I purchased.
tell me the last one spoken once more please.
thanks so much
How much longer do I have to wait until my transaction is complete? I transferred money to another country many hours ago and the transaction is still pending.
make slower your speech
what is the protocol for requesting a vacation
does shibaru sushi deliver
can you speak it again please.
Need help to get my card to work.
i would like a reminder
tell me the contact details of my brother
Why have I been charged for pulling cash out of my own account?
please will you check command.
what is happening during 8am and 5pm today
i need the information on how to report a lost card
tell me when my credit card from visa expires please
rearrange that off the list
what is time now in california
there has been unauthorized use of my visa
set my alarm for eight am
what is my eta to the office if i leave in thirty minutes
please convert the time of here at 9 pm to Brasil  timezone
please set alarm for
Open my classical playlist.
I need a second card on this account for my daughter.
I was mugged yesterday and they took everything.  I can't access my app.  What are my next steps?
pair with phone
can you order me some pizza
what interest rate will i get from city national
delete this item
what gas does the car use
i'm looking for a roundtrip flight from koa to mgj for june to july
What ATMs can I use my card at?
how many times can 12 go into 600
tell me a fact
i would like you to suggest a chinese dish
add body to my dance playlist
this item should be removed from list
Make new list of recent workouts
it's eight at night in france what time is it in new york
everything needs ordered off my list
i'd like the lights in the garage to be turned on
turn up the lights
dim the lights a bit
i am currently located in what town
What is your exchange rate between UK pounds and Russian rubles for my last transaction
Where can I find your locations?
turn on radio now
Do you have a top-up limit?
can you repeat what you said
can you just cancel please.
Olly play Criminal podcast.
My refund is not here yet
add a new contact for daniel bell dbell@aol dot com
Raise living room lights half way
when i get home can you please order a pizza
when did i get my car inspected last
How do I exchange currency?
How long do transfers to international banks take? I made one to france a couple of days ago, but it's still not there.
who do you call your boss
Make an event for a dentist appointment thursday at 9am
Can you tell me how to change my PIN?
How tall is Roraima Mount?
i have a card that needs replaced because my wine dumped wine on it
remove all events from my calendar
would you shut down.
fantastic work, you've done well.
in aiken, get me a rental for may 12 to may 16
what can you do
i want you to delete my shopping list from last month
check emails for unread emails from mom
show me the list of alarms
Purchase train ticket
I transferred money and was charged and want to know why.
who won the sports game last night.
give me the news
Set the alarm for five o'clock in the morning.
show alarms
check in a taxi for booking
romantic light setting please
want to play a game of trivia
alert my bank of my travel to dubai for the dates april 14th through april 22nd
show me the international transactions fees for the zenith card
disconnect from my phone
Book me a train ride covering 5 destinations to see in New York
My wallet was just stolen and I see my account already has a withdrawal. Can you please help me.
what is 25% of $54,788
please tell me it one more again.
How do I begin the process of a refund?
delete bread from shopping list
the timer is calculated for 10 minutes
do i need to undertake any particular activity during my stay at the yellowstone national park
when should i replace my tires next, if i replaced them on january 15, 2018
There is a €1 extra fee in my statement
delete butterfly clips from my wish list
Did I set an alarm to wake up in the morning
Have you come across any new recipes?
Read my upcoming events ?
I forgot my code to get into the app.
What are the details of disposable card limitations?
would you confirm the detail.
what is eighty seven minus fourteen
please give me the latest feed updates
How can I top up automatically?
how can up my credit limit
let's have the radio on
clean my house
can you check my tire pressure
Is the closest ATM to me within 2 miles?
clean my house
I want to know which currencies and cards are supported, can you provide a list?
Search Google Shopping for the best price on a Monoprice MXBlue Mechanical Keyboard
alert the wife of my exact location
walk me through the process of transferring my 401k
could you tell me one more time please.
it was excellent job.
PDA turn off the office lights
customer service complaint
Send me my card now! ASAP
How do your exchange rates work?
Where are the options to top up with a cheque on my account?
play the latest games
How cold is it outside today
do i have any new messages in twitter instagram or facebook
Why am I seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
I'm trying to transfer money into my account.
What is the highest Microsoft stock price today
please call me frank from now on
what is the square root of 8814
what will the weather be like in austin on march sixteenth
I like Jazz
Let's play a game of chess.
tell david my location
what time is it in tokyo
change the colours please
Is the drought in California over?
Where can I find the verification code for the top up card?
What fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
what does a soccer ball look like
what's my current tire pressure
please will you tell me once more.
I tried activating my bill of fare and it didn't workplace
I don't have my access code for the app.
are visas for international travel
Please speak loud.
Why am I being charged for getting cash?
i want you to remove the item from the list
send email to nancy about tomorrow's work party details
it's fantastic, thanks.
please tell me what alarms are on
i finished my to do list
get me an uber to the airport
i want to take karate classes where are local karate studios
I want to eat some spicy thing
how long do the brownies have to cook
how low are my tires right now on air
i want to cancel the recording i have on the dvr list for this morning
set the alarm for five am
give me my todo list
I don't have any idea what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have double-checked over all of my recipient names and they are correct.
book my nearest available taxi
Do you support the EU?
that's useful,.
show me the dim colour
i am not sure how to spell the word liaison
i'm feeling like a greek meal and need some suggestions
remove the party event from  the calander
how many minutes do i need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go
delete the dog list for me
could you repeat what you just said again
how much is the us dollar worth in canada
An extra fee of €1 was in my statement
how much have i spent on groceries recently
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
can you please not talk so fast
what credit score number do i have
I think the currency exchange that's been applied is wrong.
what things are currently on my reminder list
how much money did i spend on food last month
where do you want to eat tonight
What's the limit for disposable virtual cards?
Olly what are the latest changes happening today in the US
I want my purchases cancelled.
please convert nine am cst to est time
The app reverted my recent payment
Remind me to send the presentation today at 1:00pm
what is the amount of calories that scrambled eggs has
i wanna know what the traffic typically like at 3:30 on the route to phoenix
tell me joke
invite people to the calendar event
Hello! I recently made a purchase and I'm needing to cancel my order and process a refund as soon as possible.
Top up did not work on the app.
what's up olly
what is the definition of the word migrate
i don't really mind for whatever.
will it get warmer here next week
let me know when it is ten
Why didn;t my payment work
Turn off my desk lamp.
show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
Thanksgiving Turkey cooking procedure in 5 sentences is what?
Are the top-ups limited?
doesn't matter with me, olly.
What is current economy of country
i want coffee from the machine
Do I have any new email from John?
Transition to another color for the lights
What's the right way to activate my card?
play the audiobook swan from first
How can I check the source of funds?
tell me the exact amount of pto i have used
Play tunes
Olly you have to check out Kfix he's the best
I ordered a card and I still haven't received it. It's been two weeks. What can I do?
tell me the stock rate of hyundai
cook some coffees
what do i do to redeem credit card points
please tell me about upcoming alarms
Please look up clothing stores near me.
I really need some help to understand why my transfer keeps failing. I'm trying to send money to a friend. Please help.
i am needing to know how low the air in my tires are
Where is Yosemite Park?
can i substitute salt for pepper
tell me the date
what is my state taxes currently
price of physical card
can i order out
Try following these steps to select the correct answer
anything would be fine with me.
confirm it please.
my bill shows a purchase from payless shoes but i didn't buy anything
Why are you declining my payment? Everything was fine.
What are the top up charges for all US cards?
i am sorry but i think you messed up with.
please provide current time in india
how many eggs are on my grocery list
I would like a temporary virtual card
book uber from here to downtown
i need you to order some more lysol for me,please
Why can I not get cash from the ATM?
what did i put down already on the walmart list
find exchange rate for usd to euro
add ketchup to the list
well done, appreciated, olly.
wanna netflix and chill?
please can you shut off.
how much interest am i getting in my citibank savings
could you please lower the tone
I am seeing and extra 1$ charged to my account and wanted to know about it.
I have a new contact: newmail@gmail.com. Compose mail!
remove my dinner reservation
how many alarms are listed
If the transfer details have already but reviewed and confirmed that they are correct, what other reason would cause my transfer to be declined?
Order food from Applebees
I'm at the ATM right now and it only allowed me to withdraw 10 pounds instead of my requested 30. What's going on? How can I fix this?
Which ATM's will accept my card?
What currencies can I have?
A cash withdrawal has been done that I didn't do.
turn up the speaker volume
How many people live in Oxford now?
please can you confirm last thing said.
can i call you adam instead of the current name
Why is the top-up I made still pending.
Remind me about my Monday meeting with Peter Francis fifteen minutes before the meeting.
Hi, I have done a topup, but my money was reverted. Please look into this issue.
what is the home phone number for sarah
PDA, access my Clue app and tell me what day of my cycle I am on.
what date is today
i would like you to check what last said please.
open the radio app
I had a cheque deposited, but I still haven't seen the cash.
vacuum the house olly
las vegas timezone please
Can I receive payments in another currency?
remove the birthday party this friday from my schedule
I am getting continuous failure for all my transfers. I have cross checked each recipient detail again and again and everything is correct.
thanks but it is not the right response.
Can I tell you about my day?
Play last christmas by george michael
i need you to check the air levels in my tires and let me know if i have enough in them
I fancy some coffee now
is there an alarm at four am
How do I replace a card that's going to expire?
I WANT YOU TO ANALYZE THE PATTERN FOR ME TO BUY LOTTERY TICKET WHICH NUMBER WILL GET THE FIRST PRIZE.
Please make a complait to Levis
what time is it in denver
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
explain object
Why is my transfer pending when I already made it?
yes i do like that
make me smile by telling a joke
Why can I not do a  transfer
to what extent until the following free day
minimum to pay on power bill
Please send the email to my mom
remove apples from my shopping list
bring me the title of current music.
turn on the vacuum cleaner while i am gone
Why do I have to verify the top-up that I started?
I need to get my card quickly
there is a transfer pending.
how is the word umbrella spelled
I want to revert this mornings transaction.
please order some more pepsi
do my tires have enough air
What fun things are there to do in this area?
can you tell where my package is
show me a video on cooking fried chicken
Can you brighten the lights for me?
how old are you turning
repeat jazz
please set the temperature to 80
it was not what i am looking for.
when will i get paid next
Why doesn't my card work for any transactions?
when's my next paycheck
Are there any disposable virtual cards?
i appreciate your help, thank you
I have not received the completed transaction.
I still haven't gotten my new card.  When will it get here?
Why did my payment fail?
This is the first time I've tried to get my money out of an ATM and it didn't work. Please give me my money
Can you tell me what currency I can have?
in what month will my card reach expiration
Do I need to wear a heavy coat today?
what on my calander?
How long will it take to get my refund
i heard some woman say she was going to yerd me, what's that mean
wouldn't really mind, olly.
send a text and tell chris i’m not working today
yeap fantastic response.
Set reminder for three o'clock
s1, please elaborate me on what you have said further.
could you play poker with me
it was nice one, thanks.
reminders
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
is today a sunscreen day
Can you tell me what this cash withdrawal is?
remind me at 8pm to do laundry
quiet
Are cards issued to people living in the US?
correct
pull up the ratings for macaroni grill
turn off the upstairs lights
Why wouldn't my withdrawal go through?
google i. b. m. stock prices
i need it louder
Will topping up by transfer lead to a charge on my account?
I made a cash deposit going to my account but it is not there
this must be some mistake.
assist me on where to go to get my w2 for tax reasons
how can i find my routing number from bank of america
i'd like you to speak a bit slower
make this email a new contact
Please check my payment from last Saturday as I feel I have been overcharged on the exchange rate.  Thank you.
I just got my card and want to use it, how do I activate my card?
add something to my list
play the veldt by
explain to fellow tweeters how horrible their customer service is at the local store
I have a missing refund
I got charged and extra fee when I transferred money so why was I charged?
What's the news for 6:45am today?
clean my house
what do i do to jump start my battery
Can I unblock my pin using the app?
my all time favorite song is something like this from chainsmokers
i ordered for delivery, has is arrived yet
are there any interesting activities to do in austin
does boston restaurant have favorable reviews
find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
Hey Olly, please set multiple reminders in an interval of half an hour prior to 10 am meeting
add my opinion to this song great
how many days milk can be preserved
Please let me know about a meeting after  days
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
Make a repeating reminder for my work tasks every day at 8am
Do top-ups have limits?
can you set a two hour timer
i'm not sure if this will hurt my credit score
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
read me the front page of the new york times
looks like someone made an unauthorized charge to nike on my account
Why is identity verification required?
whats the title of this song
Set reminder for tomorrow for this item
please put bread on the grocery list
what is the current time in china
Olly I want some coffee now
I needed to send my friends some money urgently.  I tried multiple times to transfer the money this morning, but the transfer keeps failing.  Can you tell me why the transfer is getting rejected?
play the song by michael jackson
what's 12 feet in meters
Schedule a one hour appointment for Saturday.
Which flat currencies can I use from you?
what time does the train from new york come in
Can I return an item?
can you repeat yourself
how many dollars can i exchange for 5000 rubles
I just got married and need to change my name on the account
play music by acdc
Please tune the radio channel
turn off the speakers
What is the time in Canada now ?
What's going on at the capitol?
please set a timer for 6 minutes
start the gilmore guys
brew my coffee
Can I use your app to exchange between USD and GBP
Shut off the socket
Can I auto-top up?  How do I do it?
What's the problem? My card keeps getting declined for top up. I need to know what is going on.
how many emails do i have in the last fifteen minutes
Do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
how do i bake a blackberry pie
Can you forward an episode in the podcast?
text my mom for me and tell them i will be home soon
could you roll the dice please
i need my credit score
don't mind to choose any one.
please read me the last news from Boston tribute
it was cool, thank you so much.
try to play old 90's classic music
Please turn up the volume to 21.
check how much pto i have left
Play my music
do i need to fill up my tires
please olly put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival diwali
I need help from someone in your department with finding my nearest ATM.
could you put a stop on my bank account, please
what company did this design
how much is my rent
turn off the lamp socket
i need my bank account frozen
I want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving Turkey in 5 sentences.
Add Bruno Mars to my favorites
read list for me please
i've got a fraudulent purchase from kayak on my account
whats it like to be programmed
are you real or a computer
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer?
I topped up but the app reverted it
get me some radio music from kamp fm
What is the base amount for cross-currency exchanges?
what is the length of time it takes to get to phoenix
what do i need to get to make lasagne
where does fred work
ATM only gave me $20 instead of $100
yeap you have understood answer exactly.
Please play the early 80's Franks Sinatra stuff I have.
could you please let me apply for a new credit card
Tell me international news.
what music is playing
do people call you by a certain name what is it
can you list all of my online transactions for the month of january
hi what is happening in twitter today
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
What is the best way to cook pasta al dente?
I need to do a refund
Is there a limit on top-ups?
CHEAP THRILLS
Does it cost anything for exchanges?
How far is Walmart from here?
i want the light switched off can you do it for me
volume needs to be at 4
add this song to my catalogue
olly whats this playing right now
i need you to text mickey saying 'can we reschedule
what's the definition of diverse
i need to know the ingredients in a hamburger
uhh no, you have done task all in wrong manner.
schedule an uber for 3 to go to the airport
what song is on the radio
it's useful, thank you so much.
thank you for your answers.
that you so much for the help
Can you let me know if Visa is among the card scheme assignments?
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
find me an uber to downtown
how many places in dallas can i rent a car
There is a problem with my card. Somebody has removed money from my account in a town I haven't been to. Can you please freeze my account immediately?
meeting this monday
Start a conversation with me about music
yes please.
what were you trying to say.
can you tell me the total cost of my bills please
Why is allowance not being given to my beneficiary?
Lost password
go to map
please keep everything i have on this song
i want to order a pizza from michael's pizza
What is the song currently playing?
where can i find my voca account's interest rate
what is the definition of this
do you know my state tax total
My card payment says pending and it hasn't changed
Why isn't my card working?
What are the steps to activating a new card?
can i redeem my points for flights
Set up a meeting with my sons teacher for Friday.
Today I was out eating and my card was declined. Why's that?
what music service has some soul music i can listen to
What movies did brad pit star in
Why is it necessary to verify the top up?
please rectify the command.
is there life on other planets
Cancel Sam's party.
i need to hear sound on my speakers
Olly what time is it in this city?
transition to another color for the lights
Why am I seeing a transfer fee?
please would you shut up.
Please Play Aretha Franklin's Call Me next.
do i have to get shots to enter cuba
I would like my refund for this item I bought.
I think the atm ate my card.
how many points have i earned with my amex card
Say a joke
i didn't hear, please say it again
how would i go about setting up a direct deposit
explain this again to me please.
can you prepare a cheese sandwich
Find the meaning
Tell me something to remind this week
I think my card payment was cancelled. What happened?
what are your pets
can you save this song to my favorites
I want to give a second card for this account to my daughter, would this be possible?
Hi, I made a transfer yesterday that I need to reverse.  I need to put the money in a different account.
how old do i need to be to get an account for myself
check my facebook notification
who am i speaking with
I just initiated a transfer but I'd like to cancel it.
what is available on the shopping list
ten past seven
in the eastern timezone, what time is it now
let me know the list
great song for the commute
What is taking so long with my refund?
email naty for her birthday
give me the news update from BBC
tell me how many meetings with pete i have for today
tell me the exchange rate between here and country b
I dont see my reciept
turn the lights on full bright
what steps do i take to change the oil for my car
can you play the next song on this playlist, please
Are there any restrictions on the disposable cards?
locate my podcast
how can my oil be changed in my car
that is not the case
How do I link my replacement card?
that's good one, thank you.
Are you sure this is the interbank exchange rate? This rate is really bad.
are you a real person or a robot
what do i do if i lost my card
Check if I have mail from John?
tell me about sean connery
What restaurants are open near me?
what's the sum of the two numbers four and six
PDA, could you send that email to Chong?
From what countries can I use an account?
i need 200 dollars transferred from my long island savings account to my chase checking
Write on twitter that customer service in this location is horrible
send an email to emma
why do i have a failed transfer
checkout domino centre near me and order cheese pizza
can you check and confirm question.
my friend john has sent me a invitation card to his newly bought home say thanks to him in his mail id
tell john and sam where i am
does not really matter with me.
Please let me know tomorrow's weather in New York
Can I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
There are some card payments that I haven't done myself. What is going on with my card and does somebody else have access to my card?
you've done it right thanks.
My wallet was stolen, along with my cards. How do I put a freeze on my cards and order a new one?
when is madonna's birthday
I found the card that I thought I lost, and I would like to reactivate it.
I need to know how to make stuffed peppers
Not sure what my password is.
The app failed to verify my identity.
i really cannot remember what my pin is for my bank of america checking account
put the item on the list
what to do lists do i have
what is the correct routing number for my citizens bank account, pennsylvania
I deposited a cheque but the cash hasn't arrived yet
Add an event labeled Dan's Graduation party May 5th in Goshen.
Earlier today I took money out the ATM. After checking the app the amount is so much higher than the amount I received.
i am traveling to paris soon and would like some suggestions of what to do and see
My top up hasn't gone through
i'm at a new job and i need to do a 401k rollover, how do i do this
start the vacuum for me
i would you like to learn something interesting about bees
How long does a transfer from a UK account take? I just made one and it doesn't seem to be working, wondering if everything is okay
have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
play my favourite podcasts
let me know what song is playing
i want to listen to classical music
call dave
would not know.
color change of lights
What are the titles of the lists in contacts?
nope, you gave me not right information.
Why is there a fee for withdrawing?
alert me at
Run the vacuum.
make it brighter in here please
tell me something fun about gravity
is it possible to reserve a table at white castle
Is there a cost to receive money?
Can you tell me the status of my new card?
get me directions to meijer
There's a debit on my account that I didn't do.
Play the song Major Tom by David Bowie
i'm uncertain
rowan atkinson info
please tweet waited sixty five minutes for a table at tgi fridays never going back
What countries do you operate in?
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
could you tell me how old you are
can you sync my calendar with mark
How long do I have  to wait for my transaction to be completed?
Why can I not choose the card i want?
i have used how much pto so far
I want to exchange USD and GBP with the app
Tell me how to make a poor boy sandwich.
Is the ATM broken? I can't get cash from it.
Help!  The atm won't give me my card back.
you know procedure to cook apple pie
help - i can't find my w-2
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the Euro currently?
what is mary s.'s phone number
i couldn't hear you repeat that louder
I've made a bank transfer but the money doesn't seem to be in my account.
I seem to be having trouble with my Google Pay Top. Can you please help?
When is my brunch with Jennifer?
remind me to go grocery shopping today
how can i fix my card being declined
Who is singing?
start the coffee machine
please abort the current process
the new name that i want you to call me is this one
whats the cars fuel mileage like
i wanna know how much gas i have
I've transferred money before without issue but now I am encountering an error stating that it isn't possible. Why is that?
I would like to exchange currencies, how do I go upon it?
can you tell me how to apply for a western card
color of light should be dimmed bright
Please can i get a disposable virtual card as well?
i'd like you check what i last said please.
play my country favorites playlist for me
how would you define my health benefits
checkout today alarm of meeting
The app can't verify my information for identity proofing purposes.
Olly did you have a good day?
Can I track my card while it is in the process of delivery?
open audiobook
has anyone locked the door
order food
I have completed a transfer but it is not showing up.
is weather cloudy
it seems like olly's command was not right.
how many calories are in hamburgers
what is the total for my utilities bill this month
thanks but i think you do not get me.
Start my jazz playlist
Even though I made a cash deposit, I am not seeing it in my account.
how good is the apr on my mastercard compared to others
Why is the exchange rate on my card wrong?
cancel my event on june nineteenth
turn on kitchen light
whats the exchange charge
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
well done, appreciated.
recall me wedding anniversary day
what will the weather be like on saturday
what is the song on speaker
please call a taxi to arrive at four hundred and take me to the manor theater
I put money into my account in the form of a cheque, but my balance did not change.
Can you tell me how do I get a card?
i am no longer attending the wedding on the tenth so remove it from my calendar
could you tell me again please.
forward the mail to new email address
How can I get a virtual card for a one-time transaction?
what events are going on in the area
How long do you cook a whole chicken on 350?
can i increase my volume
change back to your factory settins
there is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
Will my card be accepted all over the world?
show current news from bbc
what I do not like
Check for emails from my teacher
give me the opening stock price of apple
what timezone is detroit in
I am noticing that a refund of a large purchase still has not been credited to my account. I contacted the merchant a few days ago and he assured me that he would submit it right away. Is there a status update?
What other currencies are available to change to?
did tracy update her facebook status today
what is happening now in world
just trash the reservation i made please
How do I check security settings on my card?
brighten living room lights
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
did you set the alarm for five am
no that isn't right
The payment on my card shows as pending.
please sound an alarm three hours before a scheduled event
Is there a parade on Friday?
i need to know who is your boss
i want to know how long it is from here to the sky harbor airport
teach me how to jump start my car
Please, order some sushi for dinner
i need to know how to jump start my car
Add this song to my favorite list
I need help with a lost card
wait, you've understood me not right.
cancel the dinner reservation i made, okay
i would like to put carrots on my list for shopping
PDA play slayer.
i think it was not the correct command.
display latest emails, Olly
display exchange rate of euro to indian rupee
i want to bright the room more
Can you take off the next event on my calendar
What should I do if I have used all of my PIN tries?
What's the reason for needing to verify my identity?
find out if i can rent a car in los angeles from march 2-9
have they approved my vacation request yet
I need to change my phone number.
speak that again please.
am i talking to a real person
let me know my ally interest rate
what is the minimum payment for my power bill
I have forgotten my passcode to access my app
Can you please tell me the current weather condition
change alarm to start at midnight
its too bright in here
Where can I reset the passcode?
keep playing the episodes in order
tell me what kinds of pets you have
open jokes
turn the lights up
What's playing
where do i report that my card was lost
Why is there a direct debit set up in my name?
Please increase volume
Why is my card payment still a pending transaction?
I sent some money and the account hasn't recived the transfer I made.
if a pencil cost four dollars and a book ten dollars cost how much i should pay if i buy two pencil and three book
read me back whats on my shopping list
How do I set up my card PIN?
Cortana, add something@gmail.com to my contacts.
can i call you james instead
How do I change currencies to euros?
thank you for your asssistance.
When does the hockey Game start on Friday
are my tires filled properly
whats the cars mpg
sorry but it is incorrect.
PDA, Can you give me the exchange rate for dollar in rupees?
thank you very much for your answers.
can you shut up please.
I do not recognize the card payment.
remove all playlist from music player
what is the most current exchange rate in china
Can I see my available money?
order me postmates of mcdonald
how do i change the language that your responses are delivered in
what do you know to be the nutritional info for macaroni and cheese to be
show local events near me
i would like to know the mpg of my car
tell me what's trending on twitter
Where in the European Union can I get a card?
I tried to access money earlier but the machine seems not to be working. After looking, the transaction actually shows to still being process. Can you find out what is going on here? I don't want to be charged for some money I never got.
that was confirmed.
please remove the grocery list from my set of lists
what's a good joke
lower brightness of lights
Please switch on my wemo plug socket.
i want to report fraudulent activity on my visa card, please
got the answer exactly.
what you just said was not so clear to me.
erase that item from my list
Turn off sockets
my tires need how much more air in them
what is new news for today
can you change the light colors in the house
Will you tell me how to exchange USD for GBP in the app?
search for the correct game
set my oven to 350 please
i was not clear about what you have said.
What is the youngest age in order to have an account?
is it Monday today
Delete all my events in my calendar.
Echo keep me updated on the lastest storm news.
stop and start over.
play sanam
place a hold on my chase money market market account at once
start roomba
Show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
What's the date is currently?
book me a single train ticket travelling to New York CIty, leaving after 9:00am
When do i get charged a fee for using the card?
can i order new checks since i am out
tell me what is on my calendar for march 2
I would like to know how to transfer money into my account.
What are the steps to verify identity?
play for me the game candy crush
Bring up calendar and schedule meeting with Ri, April 1st 10AM
I received less cash than the amount I specified in the ATM.
please remove dinner date scheduled for this friday at nine pm
what does snafu mean
what's on your mind today?
play country playlist
I have done a transfer within the country a couple days ago, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
what is a monitor
show me today train time of kalka at jodhpur
got the answer exactly.
tell me what i can find on the shopping list
What is the process of obtaining a disposable virtual card
cancel all meetings for today
i'm done with today's to do list
set an alarm for twelve
add pencil to school supplies list
would you clarify further on it to me please.
add a vet appointment for 5 pm on saturday
play music by taylor swift
I would like to hear the podcast of the Heat game thats is being played tonight.
did not receive correct cash upon withdrawal
PDA please schedule a meeting with Derrick in Haysi at noon.
What is the time at Singapore when or time is 5 pm
Why can't I withdraw cash from this ATM?
Where do I go to reset my passcode?
give me the time in london
is it possible for you to speak with a british gent's accent
how do i get to brighton
With my credit card i would like to transfer money.
list local ongoing exhibitions
activate silent
What are disposable cards?
Where can I go shopping here?
quality of sound check
Play me some rock
Is there a limit on making disposable cards?
I'm sure I have enough money so why didn't the store accept my card?
what does a geranium look like
turn the lights up
Olly, lets play tic tac toe
Set the Alarm tone
could you play poker with me
Why is there a fee associated with card use?
Hi, Last week I have contacted the seller for a refund as directed by you, but i have not received the money yet. Please look into this issue with seller and help me in getting the refund.
Is there a limit when using auto top-up?
what are todays top podcasts
Can I open an account for a child?
silence for two hours
What's going on in the world these days?
set an appointment for Allen on tomorrow
olly please can you shut up.
do i need a vaccination to go to greece
My identity wasn't verified
please turn off the wemo plug
can you turn off wemo plug socket
nearest walmart location
can you check what the problem with my account is, it seems to b e blocked
where can i go shopping here
what time is it exactly
Do you offer services for children to have money saving experience?
music change
extra fees on a cash withdrawal, not cool.
change my music player volume to eighty percent
set alarm for twelve weeks from today at eight am
rmove shop list
Olly, lets hear The United States of Anxiety podcast
can you find me a good restaurant to try eating at
i need oranges on my shopping list
is the mail from chris about work
I tried to buy something online but my funds were transferred back to my account. What is happening?
How long does it take for a refund?
play the veldt by
that was not what i wanted.
Update Outlook mailbox
what new emails do i have form amie
Why on earth is the exchange rate so bad?   Can I get a rate closer to the actual interbank rate?
what is the day on twenty third march
uhh no, i did not say that.
My card payment wasn't accepted.
one more time again.
Is my salary eligible for this?
contacts
Please turn the station to 107.4
how to you spend your free time
yes that's confirmed.
dammit, it isn't what i am looking for.
i apprecaite the help from you
How do I top up my account with a cash payment?
would a visa or mastercard be more suited to me?
I will be traveling and want money to be added automatically in certain intervals. Is this possible?
how old is barack obaba
What are all of the items on my list?
did angelina jolie leave brad pitt
what a sunny day.
when are we off work next
Why didn't my transfer go through?
olly set my alarm to go off in an hour
play what i am by edie brickel
How do I
Change the light color the red
Set up a date for just you and me!
what documents to i need to go to egypt
music one
tell me what ingredients i will need to make this meal
List of lists, please.
How can I order my card?
give me info on my health plan
can i use coconut oil instead of olive oil
are there any furniture outlets near the mall
Whats wrong with my currency exchange?
how do i locate my credit score
please set timer for 4 pm
search for pink's youtube channel
Hey Olly, what time is it in Dallas, Texas?
How big is the Grand Canyon?
start a countdown for 20 minutes
Can you shuffle the light colors in the house?
weather in home town
may i increase my credit limit by 500 dollars
I want to get few more physical cards
What was the cause for my card to be declined?
what are the nutrition facts of grilled chicken
today is which date
i'm going to south africa, do i need to get any shots first
please give me my current credit score
I want to add money automatically when I travel.
How do I make my virtual card work?
what's today date
Why can't I get my top up to work in Apple Pay?
please turn off my patio lights
can you tell me when i ought to switch out my tires
will you retry that command spoke.
How are your exchange rates calculated?
what is 24 times 24
I would like to dispute a payment I didnt make
that's great one, thanks.
I think my child used my card while I wasn't home.
how can i replace my car battery
Is there heavy traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas right now?
thank you!
quiet please
can you order me more checks, please
lets go nazi hunting
i think i lost my luggage
What is an exchange rate?
create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner
how do i make meal
could you please further elaborate me about what you have just said.
Transferring money using credit card
save my music preferences
is there any affairs of ileana d'cruz
What am I going to need in order to verify my identity?
How can I switch on my new card?
what are the details on umf
on 5th april which day of the week
check my calendar for today
book a train ticket from baltimore maryland to new york new york
any local news stories for my home city
how much was my last transaction for
alert my bank and let them know i'm travelling to japan
Why is my transfer not working? I tried multiple times to transfer money, and all that happens is an error message pops up.
should i add money via bank transfer instead
how long should i simmer rice for
did you change the wallpaper
get rid of item on the list
is there anything i need to be aware of
My card payment's cancelled
Would I need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
What movies are playing nearby?
can you tell me how many pto days do i have left
is there enough money in my discover account for a new pair of jeans
I don't know if this is an issue with the ATM or my account, but I just tried withdrawing 30 pounds from the ATM I'm at now and it only gave me 10. Is this a glitch or what exactly is going on?
i want an alarm for six am everyday
yeah you've gotten it right.
can you add to my calendar an event for next friday
Find a definition
Why can't my beneficiary get access?
what are my insurance perks
How do I use my new card?
tell me distance between sun and moon
approved
i have to transfer my 401k but i don't know how to do it
whats a substitute for butter that is non dairy
The company is no good, please terminate my account.
Is it the 29th already?
what is needed to cook lasagna
i believe what you just said is true
please add an item in my calendar
where are you from
New alarm for 6am
what are the requirements for carry on on flights with united airlines
from four to six when do i have a free break
How many times was Richard Nixon married?
what kinds of things are you into
Remind me to make a pizza tomorrow morning
does my card have an expiration date and if so, what is it
how big is russia
Can my daughter open an account?
go to the next song and skip
that does not matter with me.
How do I find the verification code for my top-up card?
show me what alarm times i've set for the week
can you pull up the dave ramsey podcast that aired on monday
What card types can I choose from?
it seems like your answer was not right.
knowledge about food processing
please get rid off everything on my to do list
Set mute mode for one hour.
text sal and let them know the answer is yes
remove the alarm
In which field does that person excel in .
show me my playlist
Do I have an Amazon list saved?
What are Interbanks current exchange rates?
see you later!
Look up recipes for four-cheese omelette.
can you tell me which shots i need for africa
can you say it one more time again please.
delete everything on the menu
What time does the sun set?
what is terranova stock going for
how many days of vacation are left now
that was useful,.
how much money did i spent on grocery recently
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
Why won't my card work.
Remove the upcoming calendar event
i need to know how much 100 dollars is worth in euros
will you connect to my phone
What are the exchange rates?
please further rephrase it.
how do i locate my current credit score
wouldn't mind to select any one, olly.
what is walker bank paying me in interest on my account
Tell me the funniest joke that was ever told.
Is it possible to link a new card?
How do I use the app if I don't have my phone with me?
I think the exchange rate for my for my cash withdrawal is wrong
which rom com movie can i watch in theatres around new york
what is the exact time in the ist time zone
I don't think the charges made when I had currency exchanged are right.
I ate a blueberry muffin with milk for breakfast
what might the meaning of altruism be
Do top-ups have a limit?
I am looking to change my adress.
Why is there an extra €1 fee in my statement?
what if i have the wrong plug
Why was I charged extra for transferring money?
Someone else used my card!
is it Monday today
Tell my what I told Mom when we spoke of the recipe
What is a trebuchet?
what is apple's stock price
Why is there an identity check?
How do I change my information?
How come I can't put money in my top up account?
I want a reason as to why my beneficiary is not allowed?
What currencies can I exchange?
tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
sticking to diet
please remind me at a later time
Can I see my Facebook feed?
Changing my PIN
please put my acupuncture appointment on my to list
so, does it take long to get to dodger stadium in anaheim
i would like to find out if macaroni grill will be busy around 7:00 pm
what genre is this song in
Why am I unable to withdrawal cash?
Your recipe of steak was superb
I was suppose to be getting a refund for something I purchased a while ago, but It still hasnt been applied to my account. When will I get my money back?
user friendly
i need to send an email to michael
what is happening tomorrow
How do I unblock my card using the app?
There are transactions that I don't recognize. What do I do if I think someone is using my card?
i need a spider fact
what is remaining in my bank acccounts
find events in local area
What's the temperature out now?
Should I bring an umbrella for work today?
What do I do if my smart phone was stolen?
suggest a meal from india to me
goodbye
start robo vac
yeah please.
I would like to use the bank transfer feature, but I can't find it. Can you please give me the details?
My actual card isn't working.
My contactless is not working
send reply to joe
where i can find a bakery
what do you know me by
Will I need an umbrella for today?
change back to the factory set up
How long will the $1 charge show as pending?
How long does a transfer take to reach one's account.
What's going on with my balance? Shouldn't it be a bit higher since I deposited a cheque a day ago?
Please set my alarm clock for 8am
what are my insurance perks
rewind button
is it possible to cancel transactions?
It looks like my top-up was cancelled
traffic alert
What events are going on around my place?
are people recommending the donuts at tgi
please increase the volume to maximum
I think my card has been compromised in some way.
please roll a die now
headlines from dhaka tribune
run recent email
confirm that please.
are you a bot or a real person
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up. I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Would you please help me get the money back from the seller.
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
My statement shows charges for things I never purchased. Were my account details stolen?
what is the way to jump start the car
Why is my cash deposit not in my account?
what day did i last have the oil in my car changed
Tell me when i have a work meeting coming up?
please will you stop.
What currencies can I use?
What are the countries you have offices in?
what is the area of a 20 x 20 room
Set me a meeting next Tuesday at 11am with Jesse.
I couldn't make a transfer to a beneficiary!
Lower my music player volume by 50% of its current level
Hi - I have made a transaction to my new landlord but unfortunately it shows on my end but not on the landlord's end. The numbers are correct. Can you confirm when that will go through?
What is happening in the bussiness world
confirm the question please.
could you please schedule a meeting with carrie and lisa
Get rid of bananas on the list
speak your phrase spoke one more time please.
What exchange rates do you offer?
I like Mastercard better.
convert new york time to london
change the speaker volume to sixty five percent
How much Indianapolis Express will take to reach texas.
Siri, please read me today's news
I need to cancel a transaction please!
i would like to transfer from one account to my second one
i am forever hip hop
i didn't say it.
what is the current value of yen in american money
should i contact customer support if i can't edit details
PDA, make the lights blue in here.
set an alarm for one pm
can you tell me the status of my card's apr
please tell me the minimum i can pay on my water bill
Where is New Zealand located on a map?
this weekend what events are going on in seattle
play previous episode
i bought the wrong size and would like a refund
Will there be a fee to receive a physical card?
Help! I'm missing money, I deposited a cheque but its not showing on my balance.
How do I unblock my PIN?
you have got it exactly.
What is this €1 fee in my statement?
My rate is not right when I used my card in a different country's money.
revert back to your factory settings, please
translate english to french hello
is the apr rate on my amex pretty good
This is frustrating, I'm at work and my transfers are not going through. I keep getting an error message, I do not have time for this.
Hello, what is a virtual card and how do I get one?
is the fuel economy of this car good or bad
tell me what is on the schedule for july seventh
whatever would be good.
what do you have answers for
How many meetings did Mahatma Gandhi undertake
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get my money back. Please it's urgent.
play my favorite radio station
How can correct Top up with the app to work correctly?
Why did my transfer to a beneficiary fail?
Delete the list.
I want a lower light
Tell me why there is a fee for a card payment.
I want to return an item.
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
replay what you just said
can you tell me my current location
set a reminder to feed the dogs
start playing ringcast
song info
PDA, show me my calendar.
repeat same song for ten times
Why would a transfer fail?
please tell me once again.
tell me what's on my holiday list
what are my newest emails
Can I have my account add money automatically in certain intervals?
I'm interested in holding and exchange for flat currencies, what do you support?
Do I need to pick up the kids from anything today?
i need to get to location call a cab
how do i change my pin number for my payroll account
do they accept reservations at michael's
Can I use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
cleaning is good dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
I would like to place a call to amazon customer service
Please summarize the latest George R R Martin Ice and Fire book.
could you please reserve a table for 6 at lucille's under the name tom at 5pm
is it recommended to get specific shots before i travel to japan
How do I change GBP to AUD?
what are the current stock prices for google
I need to add my new address now that I've moved.
can you report my td bank card as lost
Where do your cards get delivered to?
your answer was not so clear.
what is this charge i didnt do it what can i do
show bbc report of migrations
Can you let Amazon know that this new phone case is junk?
I tried to purchase airline tickets online this morning and my card information isn't working. Is there something going on with my account?
There is a charge for 1£ on my statement.  I do not think that I bought anything that costed 1£.  What is going on?
Show me the meetings held last three month
name a good restaurant near me
what is the weather like outside
i want to know the status of my day off request
Are cheques accepted for a top up?
A fresh day
I just got my new card but am not sure how to check its PIN.
can you tell me what today's date is
I was charged a fee when buying stuff with my card.
Is there any news about the presidency?
I got a new card, how do I link it?
your boss is who
your birth date
create new event 'christmas' and add to calender
play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one
I ran 5 miles today
please turn up the volume to twenty one
Please tell me the latest on the Houston Texans draft picks.
I use my card internationally to manage payments and I just noticed that you are adding additional fees.  Why?  I am a good customer and this has me thinking about leaving.
can you make a reservation for me at the restaurant
Where is my top-up generated from?
What do I do if I can't access my passcode?
how big is Japan
how many calories does a scoop of chocolate ice cream have
how many teaspoons in one tablespoon
Please play Jocko's podcast
what new movies are good
Change moms birthday event to repeat every year on same day
When will my transfer come through?
Is my PIN recorded anywhere?
get me the latest news of world
open news about bp oil
My card stopped working. How do I check if there is a freeze on it?
hey what is the definition of recipe
What ATMs can I withdraw money from?
tell me what the status of my american airlines flight is
How much longer do I have to wait until my transaction is complete? I transferred money to another country many hours ago and the transaction is still pending.
opinion about latest gadgets
show ana number
Where does all this money come from though?
open image post
at what time is my alarm set
PDA can you create an email for me.
Turn the lights off
book a train ticket to mumbai for tomorrow
call robby for me
set to mute
ADD MILK TO MY SHOPPING LIST
Where did this 1 euro fee come from?
what's the going rate between usd and cad
can you change the lights to white
Olly recommend me a restaurant in west chester
traffic report
could you tell me the time in london
I tried to make a transfer but it failed. will you tell me why?
open the weather app
Help, I need to top up my account. Where do I send a check?
Am I able to open an account for my children?
If my identy verifacation hasn't gone through can I use my account?
god's plan will be my new song added to new playlist
How old do you have to be to get an account?
i have a meeting with Sean at 4PM on Wednesday, can you remind me?
Check emails from mom
turn the lights higher
could you just cancel it please.
Play jazz music now.
light is too much.
turn bedroom lights off
i finished it once
make me coffee in 5 minutes
i would like you to check and confirm question please.
This company is terrible! Can you delete my account?
please delete my account, your services are not up to par.
i'd like you check my last question please.
what is the meaning of this life
what's june's address nowadays
What locations are cards delivered to?
roll dice now
what's the capital of tanzania
can you increase the speaker volume
do I have anything scheduled in my events
Book me a plane ticket
give me a company for playing football
When I was traveling abroad, the exchange rate was applied wrong.
go to timeline
My card no longer works.
Why would my topup not go through?
how does a virtual card work
Book and pay for a train ticket to Denver for Saturday.
check to see if my mom sent me any emails
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, turns out the payment kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
What is the best movie to watch this weekend.
What caused my cash withdrawal to be declined?
My transfer is failing when I try to do it.
help me schedule a meeting
find me news about Trumps speech
put on the screen the lists i have available
I need to update my personal details
did anyone like my photo i just posted
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
let me know when you were made
lower the speak volume
help me learn something intriguing about turtles
add spent five dollars in my expenses list
I have a charge I did not make.
what's going on between three hundred and thirty and four
Do you take SWIFT transfers?
What time is it in Cleveland, Ohio?
wonderful job, you have done well, olly.
Someone stole my phone yesterday :( is there anything I need to do?
Recommend a movie with Justin Bieber.
stop audiobook
Do you know if I can use this for my salary?
Tell me how to make tacos
When I made a transfer I was charged extra.
i need to set up a new list
what is my credit card's annual percentage rate
what do my pto days amount to
include smooth operator by sade in my playlist
PDA, play me the WVAQ radio channel.
louder volume please
How can I activate my card>
I've been waiting for a refund to show up and I don't see it on my statement yet.
Do you have a list of countries you operate in?
have the roomba run the living room
Do you charge for physical cards
post this message in facebook
what's the current time
how come my credit card isn't working
how much is my income going to be this month
to do list for today please
turn down the lights to medium
Can I track my card while it is in the process of delivery?
Are there unread emails from mom?
tell me the answer for two plus two
what's euro u. s. d. right now
remove tuesday alarm of nine am
the transfer to an account wasn't allowed is there any other way for me to do it
olly please shut off.
What is today's forecast for Berlin?
show current track in music player
that is helpful, musch appreciated.
erase my calender
can you access my w-2
How do I fix my card if it is broken?
Is there a fee for currency exchange?
where to report lost discover credit card
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
what do i have on my calendar for march 11
would you disconnect from my phone
Hi do I have any new emails
find train ticket
what is the temperature on the ac
can you factor x squared plus 4 x plus 4
Can i cancel this purchase?
what pets do you own
Help, I was charged twice!
can you help me switch insurance plans
Which countries do you operate in
play me a radio channel for trance music
is traffic bad on the parkway
disconnect from my phone, please
Can you tell me why my transfer declined?
when will you do my laundry
is it bumper to bumper
I am having a slight problem with my American express in apple play, can you help me fix the problem with top up?
find funny jokes
I want to top my account by using a bank transfer. How would that work?
Continue playing X where I left off.
i would like a new insurance plan
when do i owe the rent
What is the USA-Chinese exchange rate?
Current time in
make the lights shine blue
Get it fast resolved.
Remind me about my lunch date for Monday.
please would you confirm it.
thanks but i think you did not get the answer correctly.
fantastic response to the command.
that is cool, thanks.
Keep quite.
PDA, what's a wicker chair?
what is the time in beijing
Can I deposit money using Apple Pay?
What do I need for the identity verification?
Hey Olly, order a side of hot wings with my previous order.
how much time till the next day off
Where is denmark?
how do i make a pizza
Asked for $100 but only got $20. Why would this happen?
Will it get warmer here next week?
did the application i put in for a mastercard go through yet
I'm waiting for a money transfer to show, still.
check stock prices on this
in order to redeem my credit card points, what should i do
tell me the the carry-on restrictions for american airlines
I need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
What's Rene phone number?
just cancel please.
do you know any fun facts about australian football
Please turn all all lights.
Where can I find how to change my name?
i would like you check and confirm the last thing i said please.
please link with my phone
How long will delivery to the US take?
Are you able to explain the restrictions of the disposable cards?
could you please check and confirm that.
israel has strict restrictions do i need a visa to travel there
can i put in a pto request for may 1 to may 5
what is the date i get paid
buy a train ticket
look up for the residential address of my team leader
tell me what the weather is looking like
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket this morning.
Give me the stock price for X.
Can you tell me why my transfer declined?
Why was I charged extra on my app?
would you start over please.
head lines today from news
I have a cheque here, can I use it to top off my account?
Has Amy sent me any new emails?
please turn on all lights
can you confirm the details please.
how long will i be on the bus to new orleans
how is the word economy spelled
Why hasn't the transfer shown up in my account yet?
How do I get to the grocery store?
that is all, just cancel.
rewind the episode of podcast
let's hear some indie rock okay
Olly, check my email.
What's the time frame on EU transfers? I purchased something a couple of days ago but the seller hasn't received my payment.
Tell my facebook group that I've arrived.
i am not a premium customer but i want a virtual card, how do i get it
I need more than one disposable card
menu
delete the list please
I do not want a VISA card.
are you my worker
Where do you guys acquire your exchange rate?
There was a strange transaction made on my account a couple weeks ago by a seller I don't recognize. May you please check on this transaction for me.
s2, i was unclear about your response.
I found my card, how can I use it again?
book me a taxi
Find me a ride to the mall of America please
I attempted to complete a topup, and I thought all was well, but now the money is gone again. Has there been a glitch?
please slow down volume of speaker
have no idea for which to choose.
what is the weather like
start next episode playing
Play me Barcelona by Queen
am i gonna need rain boots
i need your help to jump start this car battery
that's great work, thank you so much, olly.
it doesn't matter to me.
What do I do if my virtual card won't work.
I noticed a charge for a transfer.  Why is this?  Is it because I did an international transfer?
do you think we have a higher calling
turn off light in bedroom
was my order brought here
Is there a fee for sending additional cards?
remove my meeting today at one pm
can i get someone to look at my check engine light that is on
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
tell me carry-on info for united
please change the light to green
what kinds of things are you familiar with
what is the route to take to report a lost card
see you
show me all scheduled alarms
will you guide me through the process to jump start my car, please
tell me a joke about chickens
Tell me about celebrity
tell me your full name
keep playing the episodes in order
When can I expect my new card to get here?
assistance in rolling over my 401k
Please give me update of Hockey
Olly, can you please make me a cup of black coffee?
Remind me when the concert tickets go on sale
did i add "cleaning the foyer" to my todo list yet
Can I choose my Visa or Mastercard?
Add jpearsonjessica@gmail.com to email contacts
See if... is available for a meeting on Monday.
schedule pizza takeout for seven pm
Make a new list
i need to apply for a new credit card that will match my needs
please turn off all the lights in the house
Can you elaborate on why I have an extra charge just for transferring?
Send a Hi to test2@gmail.com
How to order my card?
olly that's all.
what did kim kardashian wear to london fashion week
do you want to play
For some reason I am unable to preform a transfer to a beneficiary.
i would like to know my location
Can you tell me why a refund I'm owed is not showing on my statement?
delete appointment at time
keep volume at 4 all the time
move forward one song
are there any shopping centers nearby
Your card pin can be changed at any Visa or MasterCard ATM with Pin services, excluding countries such as Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria, Germany, Spain, and France.
I want to cook pasta in american style, show me how.
what time will it be locally at nine am bangalore india time
please save this song
what is the answer to that question
Can you please show me where I can find the location to link my card?
olly, list most rated deliveroo options for chinese food
Play Prairie Home Companion on the car radio.
please check my reminders
last take away order
What are the benefits to verifying the top-up?
How far do the Rocky mountains extend?
why does the app show a direct debit payment that I did not authorize
please play james altucher's podcast
i need to know how to spell conscience
Are EUR exchanges acceptable?
hmm, you've done this all in wrong manner.
Mute the living room speakers
I paid with my card and I was charged a fee
journal entry for today
can you tell me a little about yourself
WHAT IS THE MAIN REASON OF THIS PROBLEM
please turn off the lights in the kitchen
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
Why do I see an extra £1 charge on my statement?
mute yourself until five pm
can you describe your hobbies to me
At which locations can I order a card?
Can my friends top up my account?
yes you've understood my instructions perfectly.
How much long is atlanta
What does Rumplestiltskin mean?
i like you check my last question please.
Start playing Bag of Hammers
what ingredients are in dough
switch from blue to yellow lights
The machine didn't work earlier when I went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress.Why?
are there any interesting stuff happened today in my twitter
Siri, how much is a train ticket
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
I topped up but it didn't complete
Turn the lights down in the living room
will peas work instead of carrots
Please explain why my top-up didn't go through.
give me name and type of this music
Find out the the train arrival time and book me.
What if I need my salary in a different currency?
did i remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
tell me about current status of sunderland vs liverpool match
Is there any news Olly?
please tell me where my phone is
From what countries can I use this product?
do you know when i should get my tires changed next
can you tell me some dog jokes
what's it doing outside right now
place an order for two pizzas from dominoes
can you be quiet please
I ordered something, and now I have buyer's remorse. Since what I ordered hasn't come yet, can you just cancel the payment since I already know I want a refund for it?
How do I cancel a previous purchase
Can I make online purchases with my card?
find me a hotel in kansas city with good reviews
what were the things i want to recall
delete all my events for tomorrow
Are there any hidden extra fees for currency exchanges?
How long does it take for my top up to clear?
how far away is the nearest rest stop
when's the next day off coming up
Play a song i like.
i have no idea for which to select.
hey PDA turn up the lights a little
In my calendar delete all of my golf events for the current month.
I deposited a cheque a week ago but have yet to receive the cash.
what sort of fuel do i need for my car
please tell em the list of trains to chicago via california
Tell me if i have any unread new emails
Will a cheque suffice?
when is my next oil change due
may i know what is trending in social media
how much does a card cost and why do you charge me
I asked for a certain amount of money from the ATM, but it gave me a different amount. Less than what I asked for.
tell me the credit limit on my mastercard
Send a reply to my friend for his question
i need to locate my phone
what is the amount of my federal taxes
My card won't work.
is the weather bad in new york right now
The passcode isn't working for me.
Play some soft rock.
was is my salary
tell me stock price of...
what is a snoodle
play album audiobook
What will the daily temperatures run this week?
when do i have to pay my water bill by
what is a work phone number of emilia
I need to transfer money into my account, how do I go about doing this?
do i need to get any shots before i travel to south africa
can you do a coin flip
What do you know about America
I usually don't get charged for transfers, why was I this month?
instead of pepper, can i use salt
What needs to be done to activate and use a card?
I do not  want to use the socket anymore
in the following week repeat this event at ten am every day
Update me on latest news
i need to know what kind of things you can help with
How come I can't get money at the ATM
is my friend rohit online on facebook
could you check and confirm last thing said.
please let's speak in spanish
how do i get a w2 form and from where
theaters near to me
What are the steps for biriyani meal
the dog chewed up my card, will you find out what it takes to get a replacement
set generic calendar event for next saturday at ten am
what's the closest mcdonalds
what's the nutrient make up of a plate of spaghetti
i need to know how much i make at my job
Why was my virtual card rejected?
Describe (insert) for me please
Just set me reminders about meetings with my colleagues
what are the pets that you have in your possession
it's wonderful, musch appreciated.
i want you to go back to factory settings
Do you accept cash?
Which place has more traffic?
what might the meaning of altruism be
where can i get the form i need to do my taxes
What is the base amount for cross-currency exchanges?
elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
compose this email to this new email address
YOU WERE BRING AN NEW SCHEMES
I'm unhappy with the exchange rate your cash transactions.
Olly, it's too bright in here can you turn a light off?
how many likes did i get today
change the time in this location to IST
send email how are you dad to dad
i want you to remove the item from the list
dim my light
does my navy federal card have international transaction fees
Where do we mail the card?
what was the date when the plum street temple in cincinnati ohio was built
Are top-ups allowed using Apple Pay?
run indian folk song
i need to know my bank of america account routing number
they call me john
Check for all emails from Tom Brady
i would like to switch my insurance plan
How do I add my new card to the app?
block my bank of america immdediately
for italy what timezone is it in
open chess game
i would like to hear some rap music
is there a way to do top up with cash deposit
Open twitter type my complaint and post to @consumer service
How do I know if i need a disposable card?
what would the date be 5 days from today
Can you provide information for freezing my card immediately?
will you say again please.
how many different pets do you have
What are the current lists I have?
what is the temperature today
did my order get delivered
list out
can you tell me what my name is
have any jokes
I have never been charged a card payment fee before. Why did this change?
Balance hasn't been updated following a cheque or cash deposit
what you are telling is no more applicable.
Light color change
send an uber to me right now
please scratch my march 1st meeting off my calendar
how can i transfer my 401k
Why was my top-up declined?
turn on the vacuum cleaner
what mpg does this car get on the highway
please look up my card's expiration date
what time is it in karachi right now
Is there a top up fee?
can you give me the time in this time zone
Reserve a taxi
it is ten am in eastern standard time what time it is now it pacific standard time
How do I check security settings on my card?
I want to skip verification of my identity.
start up some music
how often should i change the tires on my car
Would you like to play never have I ever?
how many vacation hours do i have
remind me of meeting five minutes before time
take me to the closest walmart
How long will it take to receive my money from my transfer transaction?
make a list of camera photos
Please play Michael Jackson album
in every three hours give me my facebook update
Get Sia's cheap thrills ready to play next.
I found a transfer fee - is that correct?
please delete all meeting after seven am
what is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro
How can I change the PIN?  Do I have to go to a real bank?
hey siri what time is it
please block my chase account right away
are you ai or a real person please
replay the musics
When using my card I was charged a fee for doing so, why?
i have a fraudulent transaction from fry's on my account
log a complaint to lg ac to customer service
Do I have to pay extra if I use an international card to top up my account?
I do not have my pin
tune into the nearest English fm station
I was unable to activate my card.
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
i'd really like to set up a direct deposit for my paycheck
I have tried 5 times at this point to complete a transfer that's simply standard. What appears to be the problem? Is your system messed up?
what is 500 x 25
play netflix on my ps four
Are transfers not free? I didn't know I would be charged for transfers.
does it offer pick up
sorry but that was not the correct response.
no, i think this was not the correct answer.
what genre is this song in
please let me know the what raj's status update in facebook
ah it is excellent.
clear all events for this month
switch off main light
I need to find the top up verification code
I did a transaction to a wrong account!
Please decrease the volume of this song
it was not what i meant.
thanks for the answer.
how much interest do i get on my citizen's savings account
pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
connect to lights
What causes in burmuda triangle
are there dog shows going on near new york city
I am having problems with a top-up.
play daft punk
How do I activate auto top-up when traveling?
will you set alarm clock one day before for all gym class on my calendar
Apply search and check
show me my shopping list
How many rivers are there in the world?
confirm that please.
play music in library
Someone took my card without my permission.
On my statement, there is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending. What's causing that? I haven't purchased anything that's just a pound.
cancel my party reservation for brad at longhorn
Can we talk about wild orgies?
can you explain to me how i ought to use my credit card points
what lists must i remember
I'd like to email Mary and ask if she wanted to meet up after work at TGI Friday's.
what time is my meeting with steve
Why can't I transfer to another account?
help me get my gas bill paid
look up the date of my car's most recent visit to the shop
can you play everlong by foo fighters
say a good joke for me right now
How big is the Tower of London?
Who wrote this song?
Would I be able to refund an item?
change the lights to red
book an uber to the nearest mall in the next half hour
i need to track my order
I want to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
i no longer want this phone to sync
I received less cash than the amount I specified in the ATM.
Hi, I am currently in the process of buying a flat and I am waiting for the mortgage to go through but it keeps showing up as an error.  Do you know what could be causing this and can you help me get the money over.
Today I was out eating and my card was declined. Why's that?
When does the last train from work leave
The ATM keeps declining my card! I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is alright with my account??
this isn't what i meant.
what's the date is currently
Please add dan's email to my contacts
What time is it in Boston
tell me when obama was born
make coffee
i want to know the ingredients for making pizza
how to cook yellow rice
it would be great if you could tell me my credit card's apr
I am very upset that i went to use my new card today and it kept getting declined. Why is this happening and what do I do to not have it declined?
Can I add money automatically to my account while traveling?
Give me lists
please turn off any lights that are still on
how do you spell hotdog
what's still on the list
i really don't know
are there any backups on route eighty today
What is famous in indranagar
please get milk removed from my shopping list and add bread
i have already given mark his gift today please remove him on my christmas gift list
tell me the status of my american airlines flight
How long do i have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
i'd like you to check the details please.
turn off the lights in the living room
i want to know my spending limit
get me new mail.
i have not received my card
i want a coin flipped
please add an email for john doe to my contacts johndoe@yahoo dot com
please pair with my phone
yeap excellent response to command.
tell me what's on my shopping list
would you stop it.
My card still hasn't been delivered
what is the current rate of euro to us dollars
is a toothbrush on my shopping list
you have done it all wrongly.
modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead
what do you find fun
show my transaction statement
is michael jackson really dead
help me get an uber
i want to see the golden gate bridge and i'm walking on 5th street right now
display settings
how would i say i must be going now if i were german
Why would my card payment be cancelled?
I've been to several different countries, can I exchange the cash with a discount for a large transaction?
what is the name of this song
How do I order another card?
My cash withdrawal charged me the wrong exchange rate
Is there anything happening nearby?
what is the highest temperature of delhi
How can I change my PIN?  Help.
How tall is a giraffe?
How do I link a new payment card?
currency conversion of USD and EUR
you are hero, thanks, olly.
please correct your mistakes.
my phone is gone
how do you show my name
FOX news world news
I have a date with the World bank Group on the 28th, please remind me.
My money disappeared! Please help??
PDA: I want some music, how about playing my workout playlist
Show me how to use this new Canon camera that I bought.
well done, appreciated.
i would appreciate it if you could show me how to jump start a car battery
how can i claim my rewards for my visa card
I am having trouble verifying my identity.
Is it ok for a friend to send me money?
Shouldn't my new card be here by now?
does united airlines allow more than one carry on
I would like to create a disposable virtual card. How do I go about doing that?
Book a ticket for me on a train to get to Boston tomorrow, what is available?
I want to buy cryptocurrency, but your app doesn't let me. Why?
remove the list please
grocery list add eggs
call city cab to airport
how much money do i make from work
I made a cash deposit to my account but it is not there
say that i am in tulsa, will i be charged even more if i use my card
what's the exchange between u. s. d. and cad
insurance benefit details
Where is the shopping mall for shirts?
tell me about this week's weather
please set reminder
what's my next alarm
forget what i told you to do
turn to the voice of the woman
There's a payment in my history I don't recognize
delete everything on my todo list
set a timer for 5 minutes from now
i'm going to start calling you alice
I lost my phone. What do I need to do?
please find today's stock prices for samsung company
Why were there additional charges when transferring?
I topped up my card but the app rejected it.
change the ai name to a new one
initiate the music on the electronic playlist
is the mail from chris about work
thanks for your help!
is there a reason that my payment didnt go through
I have a friend who needs money as soon as possibly. If I were to transfer it how long will it take to get to her?
are there any new emails from Robert Jones?
hey siri, please cancel my reservation at the loft for 5
program coffee machine to brew coffee in two minutes
can i hurt my credit score
switch on the roomba
at what time will my flight begin boarding
My top-up has been reverted and I would like to know why.
please clarify me on that further.
Remind me to water my plants every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
review set alarms
funny story
what's my next events
I am having trouble transferring money to a beneficiery.
i need to hear my todo list
can you book me a train ticket to boston for next tuesday
Show me a traffic map from Kamycka to Dejvicka
I need some help with identity verification.
what conducts heat better copper bottomed pots or cast iron
remove standup on Friday at ten am
How long will it take for my money to be deposited?
what is the time in milwaukee
where can i find out the status of my credit card application
which time zone is germany is in
I cant hear a thing
what is the credit limit for my bank of america card
i would like to apply for a master card
Why did I get less money than I asked for?
fix alarm
It seems I need to get information on limits for top-ups.
can you book an uber after i left for office
shut off my living room plug socket
The ATM machine would not give my card back
volume down
how much is available in my savings account
you have done the command correcly.
which countries require vaccinations before entering for travel
text sarah if she is free for brunch today
dim the lights in the hall
please start me some coffee
play the rock radio station
olly please stop.
the answer is confirmed.
i need to know the travel alerts for kenya
can you tell me what name you have for me
i want to make pork barbque but do no know how
What is the maximum number of transactions I can make with one card?
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
can you explain why there is a hold on my savings account
when is the next day we have off
do people like the donuts at tgi
After looking at the app I noticed a couple of payments I know I did not make. Is it possible someone has accessed my card? What is actually going on?
do you know if bahama breeze does reservations
Hello, I'm having trouble with my card, I don't understand what's happening, I tried using the ATM machine earlier but it wasn't working but seems like the transactions is still in progress, can you cancel it for me?
is the last order is ready
what does 6 x 1 equal
every light of room increase its intensity
Please delete the last song that played from the playlist.
I don't know if this is an issue with the ATM or my account, but I just tried withdrawing 30 pounds from the ATM I'm at now and it only gave me 10. Is this a glitch or what exactly is going on?
synonym of word
turn off the light in the kitchen
add email
will you please shut off.
I'm having trouble proving my identity
yes correcly.
Can you tell me if there are limits to disposable virtual cards?
i could not catch that.
do i have any new emails from dan
yeah excellent response.
wake me up at noon tomorrow
tell me news from canada
please turn off the light of the bathroom
i need a pasta recipe
can you give me some idea about dance bar
when do i get my next check
Does my calendar say I'm free on April 1, 2017?
Adjust the lights to a lower setting please.
Why is my withdrawal from the ATM still showing as pending?
tell me a joke about aliens
would you talk a bit faster instead
I want to revert this mornings transaction.
please would you confirm detail.
I AM MISSING CASH FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT ACCORDING TO MY APP
please turn off my alarm for this evening
let me know about the exchange rate of rupee to dirham
don't really bother, olly.
i want to put you in a different language
is kaya busy around 5 pm
what kinds of hobbies do you have
Has someone accessed my card there are payments I did not make that are showing up on the app.
Tell me about the limit for top ups.
no, you've done this all in wrong manner.
olly could you please shut up.
what is the netflix stock price
Remind me about my meeting at 2pm
dammit, not right response.
i have a meeting with sean at four pm on wednesday can you remind me
please will you confirm command.
Can I get a card? I live in the US.
Activate the vacuum cleaner and use it
What's close by for dinner
Is there a auto top-up option?
Why was my transaction charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
I would like to cancel my account.
book a ticket to paris on eurostar at five pm this Friday
exchange usd to gbp
down the light power
please make me wake up at four am tomorrow
is there more traffic in canal street
can you please check it.
Good morning. I tried to make a purchase with my credit card last night and again this morning. Both times it was declined. Can you investigate?
what is the validity of my credit card
would it be possible to make a pto request for january 15th and 16th
i want to dance to the tune of raghu dixit
will this recipe still be good if i use milk instead of eggs
im so mad right now. theres several charges that I think my x boyfriend made on my card. the companys on the website wouldn't refund me my money, they told me to contact my bank. DO something please.
Top up my card please, which y'all support?
ok google! what is the weather where i am at today
I made a payment that got charged twice instead of once.
Let me know what Maria has put on her FB over the weekend
can you deleted the current event
shit, i think not right.
angry bird play
The rate of exchange for my card payment is incorrect
list all set alarms
Are there restrictions on new cards in China?
start the timer now
that does not really matter to me, olly.
tell me a joke please
what do my state taxes look like
call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza
i just don't know
book a flight from tampa, fl to baltimore, md on 11 february 2019 and returning on 19 march 2019
searching on holidays in my location
Why are the payments being declined on my new card?  I tried several times to use my new card to pay for my gas at the Shell station in my neighborhood.  I am very distressed about my new card not working.
Change the light color to White
Set alarm at 10 am.
can you cancel that request
My topping up didn't go through.
it is five forty five am in liverpool what time is now new york
can you tell me the nutritional information for chicken nuggets
Can you tell me what I need to do for the identity check process?
please make the room brighter
could you inform me of when i last got my car checked
I didn't get all the cash I requested for at the ATM
is mary smith in my contacts list
Somebody is taking money out of my account without my approval in another town separate from me. Please place a freeze on my account until I can make it to the bank.
get me the local train timing to destination cstm
when should i expect my visa to expire
Make a note of an event  'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25.
what do i do now that my battery is dead
How and where can I find the identity checks?
please tell me how to pay my gas bill
Schedule a meeting this Monday with Peter Francis in the afternoon.
will you shut down please.
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
start play spider
Why are my transfers being declined? It normally works but now it's declining my card. I've tried it a few times but it's still not working.
i need help spelling "exquisite
I am looking to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
I put some money in my account the other day and it's not gone in yet, can you help with this?
Last Saturday, I made a payment and the exchange rate was wrong.  I was charged too much.
Let me know when I get charged extra for payments. I saw on the app a fee I wasn't forewarned about.
what do they have going on for festivals downtown
how to i change the policy on my insurace
What johncena do
is there any uber available to take me to the airport
can you play tic tac toe
Transfer declined.
I asked for a refund but its not here yet
Book a ticket for the Ethan Allen Express to Vermont.
Is there a way I can get a Visa card?
GIVE AN 3D EFFECTS
find me someone (at least as attractive as me) to have sex with
please search for dining tables
Lower volume of music player
My card is about to expire. Do I have to go to a branch to order a new card?
Why is there a direct debit set up in my name?
i need to know when the next holiday will be
yes that is confirmed.
Show me the latest news about the elections
What kind of fee is there to top-up my account?
how empty is my gas tank
Period the light should be in dim
Will there be any charges for money received?
What do I have planned today?
what restaurant is open after midnight
uber
pay my cable bill directly from my checking account
what's the time in this time zone
I'm still waiting on my identity verification.
I wondered if multiple currencies is okay?
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. What's going on with this?
Do you limit my top-offs?
s2, i could not catch up with you.
Show me recipes
A while ago i requested a refund from a seller. I keep checking my statement but I have not been refunded yet. I'm confused why i haven't gotten my money back yet but I need your help getting it please.
your a bot aren't you
Anything on your mind.
Can I use this card at any ATM?
down the light power
please will you check what i said.
silence volume on speakers
How much is 1000 USD in Indian Rupees?
Does my top up and apple pay work together?
What will my exchange rate be?
could you check that please.
when will my application for my credit card be processed
resume harry potter book five
is there any new mail for me
Send an Email to my mum that I will visit her next weekend.
Change the lights into green
i'd like to start calling you buddy
do you know how to spell, bourgeois
I would like to delete my account now, please.
i think it is not correct response.
How many bots are in a dollar
can you please remove the alarm
Your service is bad.  Close my account.
Does the exchange rate change?
I would really like a physical card.
for how many years was abraham lincoln president of united states
help me add this song to my country music playlist
PLEASE TELL ME   A SHOP WHERE I CAN FIND BOOKS TO BUY.
Is it acceptable to use my card anywhere?
Why is verification for my identity needed?
Julie's information
Who is the artist that sings this song?
whatever would be good to me, olly.
what's the total vacation days i've gone through
show me my social media notifications
Can I use a cheque to top up my account
May i ask you to dim the lights
tell me the nutrition for grapes
yeah excellent.
delete item
modify my account pin to 1234 on my checking account
tune in some music
call robby
Do i have a date for tonight ?
call back my mom please
Tell me about things to do in London
spell antipathy for me
is a meeting with ruth on my schedule today
what are the possible reasons behind frozen bank account
Why is my identity not verified?
it's perfect.
up
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
what is the most money i can top up?
book taxi for now
can you have some new oakley's shipped to me
Please give me todays forecast for New York City.
can you get me a car rental for march 1st to 3rd in seattle, and i'd like a sedan if possible
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
please find someone who specializes in cars, my check engine light has turned on
how do i say thank you in spanish
how do i know if it is time to replace my tires
tell me what's happening this week
what is john smith's home phone number
When will I get a new card when I order it, and how much will it cost.
is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets
Play my favorite playlist
tell me when i need to replace my tires, if i replaced them on october 1, 2017
Why was I unable to finish this transfer?
yes you've got my instructions perfectly.
What are the charges for recieving SEPA transfers?
please turn up the volume to twenty one
i would like to report my card as stolen
I was just shopping online for some tickets and the payment was declined by you.  Why has this happened?  I am certain I have the right amount of funds in my account.
I withdrew some cash out of the ATM over the holiday. It seems that I was charged some outrageous fees. I would not have done that had I been aware of these outrageous charges!
unset all alarm which is set
Set me up with a ticket for the 5pm commuter to Rockville.
Please remind me to call mom in half an hour
I accidentally left my phone at the hotel so now I'm not able to use the app.
you have done command exactly.
lets begin buddy
mobile device explanation
I recently deposited some money into my account, but it still isn't showing up. What's going on?
What is a torque wrench?
yeah you've understood my instructions exactly.
can you check last thing said please.
Can you upload my latest selfie in my social media?
Check for new mail.
Can you put in Lee's birthday on the 22nd of June?
send an email to qerwerq@hotmail dot com
15.02.2017
What time is my meeting on Friday?
The app is showing an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
Any update on the topic X.
When did pop it like it's hot come out?
is the traffic free in some particular road
can you talk to me in french
i need to rent a car in boston
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at macaroni grill for silva
who can i contact about why check engine light is on
I made a transfer from my UK account a couple of hours ago.  Could you please make sure everything went alright.
can you walk me through the various tasks on my to do list
i want to know what time it is
Christian rock from 1990 upwards only should be selected and played.
what have car repairs ran me this month
update my inbox please
list out my shopping list for me
How long does a transfer from a UK account take? I just made one and it doesn't seem to be working, wondering if everything is okay
Turn up speakers
hello, anyone there
my gps coordiantes will be shared with aunt sunny
how old are you?
Please turn on fm
I have paid money into my account but it doesn't show.
A transfer was not allowed to an account.
the staff meeting on march 1 at 10:00 am needs to be added to my calendar
Help!  There is a cash withdrawl on the account that I didn't make!
do you work for a different employer
that's good, thanks.
Have I received new emails?
My identity verification isn't working
set up a taxi for eleven am tomorrow
I have a service fee that I've never seen before. It showed up after I bought something from an international seller online.
can i take an uber to the statue of liberty
Can you please check the exchange rate when I was getting cash?
Please lower music volume
The app says I made a cash withdrawal that I didn't make
what film should i watch
thanks but this is not the right response.
I do not have what is required to prove my identity
get reservations at olive garden for two at 7:00pm under michael
are there any travel bulletins about haiti
how we will get digital document
yeap excellent response to the command.
will it rain today
do you know the timezone for dublin
what's this song playing
i want to update my pin number on my bank of america account
how do i fry pork chops
Tell me the song track
make me a cooled coffee
Please provide me a list of ATMs that accept my card.
How can I find out the source of my available cash?
i need more milk
My card has gone missing.
I need to know where I can withdraw money.
How quickly can you get me my card?
The stupid machine just swallowed my card!! I need a new one ASAP
how many cs are in acquiescence
Are there any fees for adding money with an international card?
olly i want you just stop.
Add apahelp@yahoo.com to my contacts.
Freeze my account it's been hacked.
what do i need to make pot roast
i want you to set a meeting with john at 5 pm
Find lyrics of this song and save it. It is very nice song.
what's the mpg for the car when it's on the highway
Add pastries to the Christmas list
pull up outlook i need to send a email
what is the time that it will take to arrive at detroit
what do you mean by it.
how much luggage can i carry with me on flight dl2200 to denver
how many miles can i drive before needing the next oil change
it's good one, thank you so much, olly.
turn down the volume
march tenth lands on what day of the week
I have money in a foreign account that I want to send to this account.
what is the carry-on policy for flights on lufthansa
please tweet a complaint about slow service at applebee's
can you confirm that please.
What time is it in London right now?
i put in money for vacation and its not showing. i need that money today, how long will it take
answer paul's email
what is the latest news about obamacare
I withdrew money and got a fee, please explain
s2, that was not clear to me.
what can i do to keep my score from dropping
what should i do with an unusable and damaged card
Verifying the top-up seems like a hassle.
My contactless is non-functional.
Can cards be delivered? Where?
Why have I been charged an extra pound?
can i sub sugar for salt
I need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone.
are there any transaction fees associated with my navy federal card if i am in germany
what health benefits are available to me
stop doing that
how big is the stone in this ring
my credit card fell out of my back pocket and got flushed down the toilet
what does yolo mean
My statement shows and extra 1$ that was charged to it and I would like to know why.
PDA please email
text sal and tell them hi
thanks to ally for the photos
stop any future processing on my savings account
is mile marker sixty five where the hanging tree is located
Why is my friend not getting a transaction arrival yet?
I want to transfer money from another account into this one.
Give me train times for tomorrow to Chicago.
revert to your factory settings, please
i need to know how long it will take me to get to the bank
that was useful, musch appreciated.
tell me whats on my shopping list
i want to know all about trivia for the office
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
how much am i being taxed
what's an easy recipe to cook for food
i need to know if the application been processed
i want a flight from new york to san francisco using delta
please just cancel.
how many vacation days are remaining on my time
Erase item x from my list
Give me best cooking ideas
how many minutes do I need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go?
PDA please check recent emails from new contact
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
has anyone commented on my status
please start the vacuum
I want to link to my card card with you, how?
do i have get an oil change on my todo list
do i need to get any shots before i travel to spain
is it possible to have a place booked in salem from the 1st to the 3rd
yes agree.
your response was not clear.
What's going to be the cure for cancer?
I want to listen to Electric Slide
Is my account able to be topped up by my friends?
can you help me add the song i listen to to my clutch playlist
send a reply if it is very important
play audiobook of jacob
verify that i have reservations at chilis for john doe
show todays events in new york
you have done that correctly thanks.
softer
make a laundry setting for the volume at twenty
Where do I find the verification code for the card I'm topping up?
vacuum the kitchen
it doesn't really matter, olly.
Are there any status updates on Fox News Facebook page?
again elaborate.
Tweet a complaint to Donald Trump about his horrible performance
Please Play only sad song in music player.
Somebody has stolen my card, I need help please.
how would you say fly in italian
Can I get an Uber home from the Fox downtown as soon as possible?
Please start me some coffee.
alexa start from my last session of joes book
can you tell me where you are from
remove the next event on my calendar
PDA will i need a jacket
HELP. My account has been deducted already and the Seller says they haven't received the money yet? When can they expect it?
Do you accept any card and currency?
can you book a train ticket for me under dollars
i am ready now to use some of the credit card points i have saved
can i purchase a vacation using this
where can I find the auto-top up option?
how many alarms have i set
s1, rephrase me further on it please.
Turn the lights brighter
add email address iamironman@gmail dot com
Why won't the ATM let me withdraw money?
describe a rotor
can you convert 2 inches into meters
lower the light to forty percent
Write an email about next week weather to my wife
Order spaghetti from Spaghetti Warehouse to bring home.
are you good
do i have any events scheduled today
order pizza
please give me your responses only in french from now on
When I got cash I was charged an extra fee!  Explain!
can you play monopoly with me
show me the newest podcasts
will you do it again please.
ask peking garden when my food will arrive
it takes how long to mail me a new card
how long can i leave tuna casserole in the fridge
Can I trace where my funds came from?
Play Shane Dawson podcast
show me how to cook a recipe
do i need to wait for my card before i get pin
Does it matter if I use Visa or Mastercard?
start robot vacuum
Olly, find new email.
how do i get the routing number for chase
make sure bread is on my grocery list
I need my PIN
what on my play list
Is it possible to top up with cash? If so how do I do it?
i need an alarm set for 5:30 pm
do you know the health plan i'm on
do not wake me up tomorrow
delete this from list
which country's have a border to India
increase
Are there any unread emails from Patrick?
What are the charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
I withdrew money from an ATM today, and now my account is showing a different amount than what I withdrew. I checked the amount the ATM gave me, and it looks like it gave me the wrong amount of money. What is the best thin for me to do to get this fixed?
thanks for helping me out today
i am the living blues
do you know any good jokes about lawyers
I am not comfortable verifying my indentity.
Will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend?
I ordered my card but it still isn't here
what was my health plan again
start playing some music
Why hasn't my refund appeared on my statement?
My card is expiring so how fast can I get a new one and how much will it be?
how much have i lately spent on eating out
what's the meaning of a fortnight
At what age can my children use your service?
add carl's email to my contact
put the lights on low
add wine to list
Can you tell me when my card will arrive?
set the time
bring up papa pear saga
Dim the lights please.
Is my school alarm set?
When I deposit cheques and cash, my balance does not update.
that's useful, thank you very much.
When do I set up my card PIN?
when should I receive my refund
I need to hear a joke. Can you tell me one.
what's tomorrow's date
is there any indication my application for a new credit card has been processed
what time is the last train headed to chicago
play next doctor who episode
please allow my account to freeze
turn the lights blue
How long do you cook an egg over easy?
how is the traffic like on my way to fairfield
what is happening in the world today
Tell me about Jhon Abraham Lincon
you understood command exactly.
add this new email with contact
it was nice to chat
can you wake the roomba for the kitchen
how much was my last target trip
i think this transaction is bogus
do you know if anyone's even looked at the application i sent in for the new visa card
musch appreciated, that's good.
there is money in my account that i didnt put there
where is the nearest pub in the city?
hello, ai
what can i ask you to accomplish
i had a list of reminders what were they
confirmed
i would i say subway if i were english
yes great response to the command.
wake me up at four am
i lost my card, what do i do
Do I need to bring a coat out tonight?
Is there a problem with your system being down or something? I have already tried 5 times to issue a standard transfer but I'm getting nowhere.
how can i have my paycheck directly deposited in my account
let's just skip appointment at time
can you check my credit score for me
select a different color for the lights
will you tell me that once more please.
get the status posted for the following:
show me all video games purchased
Can you give me directions from McDonalds, Manhattan to my home.
Remove item
Can I open an account for my offspring?
what did you mean by that.
what is the current status of my vacation request
include meeting in the list
where is your place of origin
how old is christie brinkley
can you please buy me a train ticket
Turn off lights in all bathrooms
please freeze my account
i would like a coffee now
I need mastercard as well as visa
I could not get my transfer to happen correctly and was wondering why?
trash the open list google
your new name is joe, okay
i want to listen to podcast
i would like to receive updates about the stock market every day
how much does the fb stock cost
how much pto has been used on my behalf
What is the procedure for getting another card?
is there something blocking me from making transfers
i wanna laugh can you make it happen
Do you have to order a new card before your current card expires?
Please show me dress competitions in Jaipur
ask me an arithmetic question
check the details please.
what will i get paid this year
What are my payment options for topping off my account?
whats your name
TODAY IS 5TH MARCH, IS IT OR NOT?
dammit, this isn't what i am looking for.
current weather
do i have reservations at o'neal's at 3 pm
what is my average mpg in this car
reddit popular
find me the best knock knock joke on the internet
Olly recommend a blue grass band event within 20 miles of Mancheser, MA this week.
i am sorry but you do not understand it correctly.
seems like the response was not correct.
add a new email address which is
don't speak for an hour
tell me my bank routing number
lower the light of hall percent
i need to remove an event from my calendar
Am I able to get this shipped to China?
any signs of rain
where do i locate the form that has my tax information
I didn't get the all the cash i wanted from the atm
Why do I have a strange payment on my statement?
What are the jobs to be done today ?
you can call me jeff
mute speaker
i want to play a game with you
where can i see the due date for auto loan bill
How cold is it outside?
Stop/Start the juice!
rewind the episode of podcast
What do I have today?
what is a good chili recipe
What time is it in Central Standard Time?
please will you clarify me more on it.
that's enough, stop it.
please make me a coffee using the coffee machine
How do I make a currency exchange?
I've deposited a check but the cash isn't showing that it's there yet.
how long have you been here
the song makes me remember certain memories
I need to freeze my card. There are charges on there that i did not authorize. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get this money back?
what are some good restaurants near by
what do you need to make general tsao's chicken
go ahead and give me the tire pressure of my vehicle
how do i do an oil change and what type do i use
what type of gas do i need to use in this car
Can you let me know why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
broadcast the health show from the kitchen
do i need a tourist visa for europe
How cold will it be next Tuesday?
look up the type of gas needed for this vehicle
please shut the lights
Where can i find my top-up verification code?
When are the trains running tomorrow?
Go back to Animal Farm.
"which could be improve the credit score
I requested a refund and it is missing.
i want to wake up at six am tomorrow please
What year is it?
Why couldn't I do a transfer to a beneficiary?
you have done it right i appreciate it, olly.
ten percentages of hundred
how long do i need to cook chili for
how will i know when my application for a credit card has been processed
did i do something to get my bank account frozen
The rate of exchange for my card payment is incorrect
it's helpful, appreciated.
Please, tell me why I can't have the funds I deposited a week ago? I need the money now.
I am in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
olly could you shut off.
can you tell me the time in new york
i need to thank you
are you able to link to my phone
put milk on my shopping list cause i'm out of it
office lights off
what is the date of tomorrow
let wendy's know i hate them
Where do we mail the card?
PDA name: what time does xxxx arrive at xxxx
What currencies can I not hold many in, if so what are they?
s1, will you clarify me further on your response please.
Why have I been charged twice?
Do I get a choice between Visa and Mastercard?
what is 8 factorial
stock price for sprint
olly can you shut down please.
I need to know what is going on. I'm attempting to purchase a flat and need the money to pay on my initial mortgage payment. I'm only getting an error. Can you find out what's going on and help in making the transfer?
What is happening after 1 and before 3pm?
add event in calendar and mention others
Send to kmart@shopyourway.com...I am waiting for a response from my earlier email reference number 783543. Any help would be appreciated.
Would I need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
IS there a fee to exchange currency?
what does joke mean
Give me the stock price of Apple
What is the exchange fee that is charged?
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
Show me the current time in Germany.
how long until i reach my destination
my answer would be maybe
Play me a random song
what is the interest rate on my money market account
Can I add funds to the card directly from my bank account?
am i your supervisor
fix the driving route from here to grant market
how many points earned do i have with my american express card
this is not what i requested.
how do i do a 401(k) rollover
yes the command is confirmed.
Play my workout playlist in spotify
i think my luggage is missing
Hey Ms the email address of John Miller.
I would like to receive and use the card in Europe, is that possible?
Where can I find the source of my available money?
send a complaint to consumer service of this company
what is frieda's home address
please confirm my last question.
i don't really care, olly.
would you check and confirm that please.
Olly, commence coffee making.
What is the delivery time for US?
please reply to my boss most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum
I am trying to complete a transfer but I keep getting an error message.
when should my oil be changed
tell me tomorrow's date
can you tell me what time i am meeting with sarah today
Will I see fees from adding money with an international card?
How does my identity get verified?
I am just waiting for the transaction to be completed.
play new songs by barenaked ladies
How do I activate a card I received?
olly would you shut off please.
PDA, Geography Please?
Remove item 4
can you explain why i couldn't use my card at target
can i use oil instead of vinegar
do i have any alarms set for today
yes exactly.
Is there an age minimum?
Am I able to top up with this cheque I received?
show me cooking websites
I sent money to my family last Friday but they don't have it.
need to exchange currencies
What retailers accept my card?
specify who your boss is
What is this $1 charge on my account?
show me concerts in sacramento
run game
when did i last bring my car in to have it looked at
set alarm reminder for calendar
Check the events on calendar and delete the next event
Please send an email to Uncle John with the following: Yes, I can make it.
what different pets do you have
Olly, what's next?
tell me the name of this song
please remove my next event
Turn on talk radio
i am unable to hear you can you speak little loud
How long should I expect for the card to arrive?
Need to post the status. Kindly assist.
what timezone do they use in la
I got a notice from my app that I withdrew cash but I don't remember doing so. How do I fix this?
can you get me a cup of coffee
Can you tell me where to go to get a disposable virtual card?
can you tell me the credit card application status
olly would you just stop it please.
Do you believe in God or do you think you'll become one?
give me the status on my united airlines flight
I received a returned payment that I made.
The app denied my topped up.
where in sacramento ca i schedule maintenance on my car
given it is four thirty five pm in london what time is it in melbourne
i want to hear that again.
Add (name/location) to calendar
repeat this song
I know I didn't make this payment showing up on my card, I don't remember this person at all.
it's excellent, appreciated.
Can my friends top up my account?
what is the total amount of tax deductions from my income
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
switch the pin on my visa account
I thought crypto top up with something you offered and it does not appear that it's working even though the money has disappeared out of my account. Can you tell me what's going on?
where is your home located
what's the funniest joke
Anything new on (specific topic) since (specific date)?
My statement shows different transaction times.
yeap amazing.
i need to know when my flight is landing
is my alarm set for seven am
Remind yourself to remind me about needed to be reminded about that meeting.
Olly, what movie are playing  near me?
tell me the last once again please.
turn on the whisper voice
My transfer has been pending for a long time now. I already double checked my account info and it is correct. Why is it taking so long in 2018 to transfer money?
i need any relevant travel alerts for australia
what did ben email me
are there any travel advisories for the us
there's something fishy on my card, report it
can you please put a block on my chase account quickly
show me a well reviewed hotel in evans
turn off the light in the bathroom
how long do i need to cook a brisket for it to be medium
I'm confused. My contactless is suddenly not working anywhere that I try to use it. How do I fix it?
can you go back to my original settings
please let me know what time it is
how do i check my rewards for my chase card
meeting july calendar
Why am I charged a fee when using my debit or credit card?
Play me some pop.
whats going on in cincinnati
i'd like you check and confirm the command please.
What do I do if I do not recognise a cash withdrawal?
when did i last collect my salary
add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
Change the lights in the living room to green and red.
thirteenth june is a day of election result please set it
What is a monitor?
you did that correcly.
Why is there some cash that I did not deposit in my account?
Is is taco-o'clock yet?
PLEASE SWITCH OFF THE LIGHT
do not really bother.
i need to know again
keep playing the episodes in order
Double check your funds may be declined
detail for stock price
What is todays date
Why has my card declined
My statement is showing I was Charged a dollar and I am not sure why.
My payment is in the app but hasn't gone through yet
what is the best way to keep my credit score from going down
how is the tread on my tires
Where can I see the source of my money?
how much money do i have in my various bank accounts
you did fantastic job, thank you so much.
can you roll a 10 sided die
Can I put my found card back into the app on my phone?
Who is giving me my money?
you have got that exactly.
give me trivia about bats
indicate something funny on the topic of food
Is there a charge for topping up by transfer?
I got a card, how do I get it in the app?
play any country music station
Help.  I have a stolen card!
i gotta know when my flight will land
i need to book a flight from texas to new york on may 25th and returning on the 28th
What was the $1 charge for on my statement?
I want to hold and exchange fiat currencies, what can I use to do so?
Show times for nearest theater
i just ordered food, call and see it has been delivered
where was the train wreck
my card is lost, i would like to report it
get me the local train timing to destination cstm
am i speaking with ai or a real, live person
how cold is it outside
Please start vacuum
Where is the closest ATM to me?
who is at my front door
Can you add a new email to my contacts?
I couldnt get cash in an ATM
math courses
i want to figure out the stock on microsoft
Is there restrictions on where I can use my card?
Today calender
i want to drink coffee
Book a train ticket from Washington DC to Savannah Georgia
are you an ai or can you prove you're human
Please see see for me the alarms that you have set Sunday morning.
yes, that is right
show me some restaurants that have high reviews for eating out
please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at nine
info on setting up direct deposit
My funding to my card didn't go through.
When can I expect my transfer to reach my account?
it's dark in the living room
I don't understand why my card payment is pending.  It has been pending for too long.  Why is this and when might it go through?
rolling over my 401k help
next episode please
I wasn't charged the correct amount for an item I purchased, how can I fix this?
The top-up has a definite problem! I regularly use your service and haven't had a problem before, but now the top-up just shows pending. Please tell my why it continues to show pending.
How long until the transfer is reflected on my account balance?
catcha a ride
object identifier
I saw I was charged extra for money I withdrew?
Talk me through modifying my details.
PDA, how is the weather looking for this week?
Why am I being asked to have an identity check
my trip to goa photo,post it on instagram.
coffee
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
how to make sausage
Can my salary be received and transferred to my current currency in my country?
Can you define a house
what's the highest chance of rain for today
Play my favorite station at 9pm.
I desperately need to top-up my card, so why is it being declined? Can you solve this for me? I need to use my card immediately!
Where can I find out the fee structure for my account? I have been charged fees for some transactions, but not for other ones. I can't find a pattern in these fees.
I wanted to know why there is a transfer of mine pending.
uhh no, i did not say this.
PDA, Is God gonna cry today?
can you bring me a nice coffee
i need help changing my pin
tell me a nice chinese restaurant
I'm still waiting on a payment
i want to finally read the mars trilogy
from dollar to euro
is there a long wait at chili's around 5:00
alexa dollar to euro exchange rate
I don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
how long does bread last
what is my grocery list
please can you confirm details.
i need to add iep meeting to my calendar on april 15th
write down appointment for tomorrow on my calendar
turn the lights off in the bedroom
delete event from mine
where is mcdo
how much is the car bill this month
what sorts of things do you do for fun
what are the benefits of having this insurance
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
My card seems to not be working at all.
really would not mind, olly.
How does a transfer work?
what's the caloric content of an apple
have i scheduled anything on march 2nd on my calendar
What highly-rated movies are playing this weekend?
book a train ticket to charleston west virginia eight am
i need you to set timer for me
resume audiobook
what is the current traffic in washington town
what is photosynthesis
Can I exchange between GBP and USD on the app?
is there a list of good credit cards i can choose from to apply for
it looks sunny and clear today is that true
How many hours difference is there between London and New York?
What's the weather like right now?
The app doesn't think it's me.
did you get the detail correctly?
what type of fuel should i use in my car
proceed to the next episode
what amount of time will pass in order for a person at our location to take bus to detroit
How do I switch to a different currency?
how to make chicken tikka
I am very upset that i went to use my new card today and it kept getting declined. Why is this happening and what do I do to not have it declined?
Why hasn't my balance been updated? I've deposited a few cheques some days ago!
what region is miami located
What's with not verifying my Id?
please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
wonderful.
track my package please
i need to know tomorrow's date
i want to know the expiry month of my card
where is yellowstone park located?
can i cancel my reservations
what is the stock price of amazon
Could you please give me up to date news headlines from my newest provider?
I want a refund on this.
it's helpful, thank you.
How do I get my refund back?
suggest a meal from germany to me
How long does transfers take?
Is the bank the only place I can change my PIN>
Whats up with the new provider?
What can you do to unblock my pin?
who knows
Is it going to be windy tomorrow?
My card was declined but it shows as multiple charges?
give me my reminders
I got my card now, how do I make it show up in the app?
where is steven spielberg living
how do i do a jump start on my car
tune to <unk>
yeah you've done your understanding exactly.
I wanted to buy something online yesterday, but I could not because the card got declined on the day of and the following day. What is wrong with the card?
give me a cool fact about new orleans
open some cools jokes
I want to know if there is a maximum I can top up.
what are the different subjects that you know
how many teaspoons in an ounce
I would like to know why a withdraw I made for some cash shows up as pending.
Tell me what the date is today.
open clock
Can I see where my money is being transferred from?
where is the event venue
do i have brush my teeth on my todo list
which time zone are we in please change to current
Where is the card PIN located?
It appears my transfer was declined.
I prefer Mastecard.
please ask mr coffee to make a latte
open terry's email
The app won't let me top up my account
hey, put carrots on that.
are there are any good places in washington that serve cheese pizza
Play Musical Theater Soundtracks
set up uber
Please schedule meeting with Ri at 10AM on April 1st
volume control
could you tell me the routing number for my chase checking account
what's the weather this week
Im trying to top up my card but it's still pending and it's been an hour. Is there any way to make it go through faster? Do I not have enough?
i need laundry to be put on my list of things to do
What is the title of this song and please shuffle songs from the artist that sang it.
why do u work for them
so does outback steakhouse have good reviews
add a reminder to check how the body is decomposing
how many milliliters are in 2 gallons
Why is there a $1 charge on my statement?
are my tire's air pressure good enough to drive on
I attempted to top-up with my card this morning, but the transaction was unsuccessful. I received the card two days ago and was successful using it previously. Could you please help me?
what is the last date of service on my car
I stupidly initiated a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It can't be paid from that account, but it really needs to get paid on time. Am I able to move the payment to the right account?
Do EU transfers happen quickly? I purchased something a few days ago and the seller hasn't received my money yet.
Could you tell me what time it is?
is there enough fuel to drive to tampa
can you turn on pandora
would you check and confirm question please.
how long until we get to chicago
go back to the factory settings for this device
I don't like it
how can i look at rewards for my amex card
chess playing
This exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
i want to rent a car in boston for march 2 until march 4
could you tell me the amount owed on gas and electric
yes it was perfect.
do i have any alarms set for tomorrow
which identity details are required
can you help me find my routing number from wells fargo
Send an email to John that I am on my way to home.
what's the weather forecast for today
Compose a new email, but I got a new address this time, brandon at example dot com
yeap you have understood your understanding right.
Set the music volume to 90
Order me the fish risotto from the Golden Fork
is fongs dine in only
clean the floor please
i want to buy a train ticket tomorrow for boston to new york
set an alarm for seven am
that is excellent.
I made a payment and it was reverted and wanted to know why?
when do i need to change my tires
what is my current net salary
Can I reset my password?  I don't know what it is.
what can i cook with broccoli and chicken
Please give me the name of all my lists
whats with my dinner order?
Can you play 24K Magic by Bruno Mars?
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
go ahead and order everything on my shoping list
The cash I deposited using the ATM is still pending
i need to rent a car in chicago but don't know how
resume the last kingdom for me
email my meeting details to my manager
delete my next scheduled event please
is traveling to dublin safe (will dublin be safe)
traffic please
where do you work
has wendy posted on facebook
directions to mcdo
add a movie name to the wish list
I couldn't get money from the ATM
cut down the volume
How long does train A take to get to station B?
Can you put on love playlist?
disable the first alarm
tell me what vaccinations i need to get into france
I received the wrong amount of cash.
I'm hungry show me some takeaway food
ricky matin
what is the time in india when the time in us is twelve pm
does dominos has a delivery option
please turn off the wemo plug socket
Define Courtesy
I tried to do a transfer but I got a message that it was declined.
give me a geographic fact about vilnius
Help me close my account.
is euro the best currency to trade
show me best in class theatre
How do I make my PIN work again?
Hey PDA, Did i get any new emails?
Please cancel my last transaction.
i would like to know when the bill is due
I have heard about these disposable virtual cards but don't understand how they work.
what do i have on my calendar for february 8
What about a auto top-up?
i would like an appointment to get my oil changed
can you get me a table for 5 at mcdonalds at 5pm
tweet terrible service
What is the extra  €1 fee in my statement
My beneficiary has been denied, is this normal?
How long do I have to wait for the transfer to be finalized?
i needed money for a night out with the girls but i was declined, why?
i don't want eggs
convert one us dollar to british pound
thank you, olly.
How do I cook chicken Alfredo?
please send an email to mom
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
sorry but you have messed up the command.
Do I need a coat?
please change the colour of the lights i'll tell you when to stop
please schedule a meeting room for 9am on friday
adjust light when i get home
Will it cost extra to add money to an international card?
COULD YOU REMIND ME TO TAKE MY CAR FROM GARAGE BECAUSE I MAY GO FOR A LONG DRIVE.TODAY .
send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
what is the apr on my barclay's card
please change the volume low of the speakers
I didn't see any reason why my transfer was declined. What gives?
Where's the money I transferred into my account?
open lyft
turn on the smart charger
Hi, I used an ATM today to take money out of my account, but the amount it gave me is not the amount I requested. What should I do?
hey siri cancel my next appointment
I need a new card, my old card is expiring.
What do you think of the three laws of robotics?
what sort of fuel does this car take
Why is the pending status on my cash withdrawal taking so long?
turn on hall lights
what's going on
let me hear a joke
when do cars need their oil changed
what amount of interest does my checking account at chase earn
Do I have a limit to the number of top-ups per day?
pull up traffic predictions at 4pm on the way to the library
Will I be charged a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
i'm unsure of the proper answer
How long is the delivery to the US?
how low is the pressure in my tires
how old are you exactly
what high school did halley barry go to
which day is it today
I want to reactivate my card, I found it after thinking it was lost.
Hi, I am disappointed to see such a bad exchange rate and hope you can assist me. Would you be able to confirm the official interbank exchange rate for me?
Olly, cut down the volume.
make the speakers louder
what is the recommended interval to get my oil changed
Do i have to wait to get the pin or can i set up a pin
What currencies and methods can i use to top up my account?
can i order cards on the app
are you a human or an ai
What other credit cards can I use?
disposable virtual card can be ordered where?
please set alarm for all days
doesn't matter to me.
It seems someone used my card! There are a few transactions from a small town in the middle of nowhere that I definitely have not made! Please prevent them from using it immediately!
can you bring me a nice coffee
How many disposable cards per person?
I've been unable to pay contactless with my card for over a week now. Is there a way to fix this issue?
turn your speakers up
you have done that right.
start the laundry
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
trending social media
make the lights pink
I want the light in the kitchen powered off.
I dont have identification
I need to track the card sent to me.
What's taking so long for this payment to go through?
tell the miles it will take to get to las vegas from san diego
any one would be okay with me, olly.
open temple run game
I have a fee showing from last time I used my card.
what is the weather today?
get yourself muted
what interest rate am i getting
Please book a ticket form Jaipur to Mumbai on Tuesday.
The exchange rate applied is wrong for my international purchase.
report my credit limit
humor me
how long will it take me to get to the mcdonald's in the city
change light color to blue
could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
today's date is what exactly
alarm ten am
open jokes
Send a tweet to TMobile for rude employees.
What's do i have to do after lunch today?
can you tell me what kind of show can i go tonight in miami
Expired products in recent market
are there any open meeting rooms between noon and 1
It is too bright in here, dim the lights.
Which countries do you work with?
delete my next scheduled event please
Are there any recent unread emails?
i want to play a game
s1, can you please further elaborate.
it was good job, i appreciate it, olly.
Delete the list Brads appointments.
take grocery shopping off my todo list
look up the definition to ambulance
I would like to know why a withdraw I made for some cash shows up as pending.
My bank statement doesn't show the cash deposit I made recently.
I received the wrong amount of cash back
give me a fun fact about dolphin
can you share my credit score with me
I may have a fraud charge on my debit statement.
would you please further rephrase me on the last sentence.
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiery?
Is there a transaction limit for a disposable card?
Mukkala mukka.billa
can you tell me my bank balance
send new email to joejoe@gmail.com
using remote
will it be possible to order for more checkbooks for my chase bank account
I hate this company! Can you delete my account?
clean the flat
Please update my calendar event with the location of Lansing Michigan
where can i find measurement conversions
i want all my events deleted
Why do you require so many identity details?
Is there bad traffic on the highway right now?
get me resume of newest release audio-book
I live in the UK. Can I get a card?
Resume a song from the audiobook by Elvis Presley
tell me what's on my shopping list
when is my car due for its next oil change
I'm not happy, I want to close my account.
Delete all of my appointments with Dr. Smith this week
Turn off my wemo plug socket.
i think someone is using my card to withdraw money. Someone stole my wallet. What can I do? it is urgent.
Could you please tell me why my purchases from this morning say payment is pending?
I noticed the exchange rate for cash withdrawal isn't right.
where can i get my w-2
When considering currency holdings and exchanges, what fiat currencies are supported?
The song playing now is released by which artist?
play old fashioned christmas music
Set notification from world news
would not really care, olly.
lets begin buddy
what events are going on in the area
add new items in the remainder list
i need you to turn the tv on now
Since my card is about to expire, I need a new one.
Next episode in podcast
Do I pay extra for exchange?
this doesn't matter to me.
are there restrictions for carry-ons on delta
I have never been charged a card payment fee before. Why did this change?
when is trolls playing
which is the nearest restaurants available
hows many more reminders are left
let's settle it with a coin flip
My card has not come in the mail yet.
Start playing NPR in the kitchen.
please send a text to danny saying that i'm running late
what is happening tomorrow
i wanna know the limit on my credit card
tell me one more again please.
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
kill item
Olly, anything interesting going on in the Bay Area?
What is the coldest country on earth
list shops in douglasville ga
please further elaborate your response.
What can I use my card to pay for?
search word synonym
Why didn't I receive the right amount of cash?
Please play a podcast
does acero in maplewood allow reservations
My card needs to be activated.
it's great one, i appreciate it.
I forgot my phone at the hotel, so I can't access the app.
place alarm at five o'clock morning
are you involved in hobbies
Turn all the lights off.
what is required documents for new card process ?
can you call me something else
Schedule a meeting with John Connor tomorrow, at eight in the morning.
put working out on my calendar for eight am every day this week
if a pencil cost four dollars and a book ten dollars cost how much i should pay if i buy two pencil and three book
when will my food be ready
i think that's false
PDA please check my email for me.
what entity is your boss
Play rock 98.7 on the FM dial please?
answer email
where did you live before here
change the pin on my wells fargo account to be 1234
what do i need to make a cajun chili
What is the max top-up?
my games to play in my computers
Add cereal to my shopping list.
Can you tell me why my credit card was declined while trying to top-up?
set an alarm for four in the afternoon
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do to keep using my card?
Why is there a fee added to my statement?
excellent work, you've done well.
How can I top up with my apple watch?
Are EUR exchanges allowed?
Please add complaint about the service in tweet to Olive Garden.
Is there an age limit for opening an account?
I want to use my American Express for adding money into my account.
yes you got answer correcly.
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but not exactly the same as the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you alert me about this. What's been happening?
Look at my email
do i have enough credit card points to redeem a new appliance
Book my train ticket to new york.
When will I receive the card?
when's my next paycheck coming in
I tried to make a cash withdrawal and it was declined. Why did this happen?
Can I use app to unblock my card?
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
What is the interval of train departures in Chicago?
check how much i spent this week
Change the light color to blue
I had a transfer blocked
will you create a timer for me
what's the way to cash in my rewards for my citibank card
could you please lower your volume
How to decide if I get a Visa or Mastercard?
text samantha and let her know i will arrive in 10 minutes
I want coffee from the machine
today is which date
i need help booking a car rental in seattle
I'm cancelling this charge. I still have not received what I bought from these people a while ago.
Play the current playlist
Can it add money automatically while travelling
I didn't take out money from an ATM but my app statement shows that I did. How can I fix this?
Tell me about current status of Sunderland vs Liverpool match. How is the performance of Liverpool in this match?
Reserve train tickets
top news
I need someone to assist me with explaining how much I can top-up.
turn the radio on
retry it please.
Go to sleep
I lost my card and need a new one, will it cost me?
day that i get paid
Switch to X time zone
How do I top-up using cash?
Why are fees charged on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
sorry but you've got me incorrect.
what is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros
what is the apr on my chase card
An ATM fee was attached to my recent withdrawal.
i need to increase credit limit for my chase card
have i received any emails since noon
lets begin buddy
I would like to exchange currencies on the app. How do I do this?
There is a repeat charge for the same item
Are there limits on the virtual cards?
What do I do if my phone is stolen?
I tried to use my card to top up but all of the money has disappeared.
How many disposable virtual cards can you have?
s2, i could not get that.
What ATMs will allow me to change my PIN?
How do I contact customer support about a transfer?
Play me something <insert genre>
how many calories in scoop of chocolate ice cream
Will I need an umbrella tomorrow?
turn on the smart charger
that was helpful,.
current currency rate
its a for sure true
May I know what is trending in social media?
what stuff did i put on my shopping list
show me emails from my friends
I have yet to receive my virtual card
I asked for a certain amount of money from the ATM, but it gave me a different amount. Less than what I asked for.
look up for the residential address of my team leader
anything is fine to me, olly.
how much do i pay in tax
I see a duplicate payment.
help me pay my electric bill
what is on this list
ah it is excellent.
turn the news on
what mexican food is around me
what do you do for fun
What works for identity verification?
Why am I still waiting for a transfer?
Please tell me what day this event reminder is set for.
please turn on the smart socket
Why was my card payment reversed?
i would like it if my robot could engage in deep conversation with me
is it possible to increase the limit on my visa
did trey sand any messages
what's that the album is current music from
rowan atkinson bio
Social media updates
is traffic light
book a cab to office for me
how long must i cook spaghetti for
how to make chicken tikka
Open the books and play brains book from chap 09
What should I do if my passcode won't work?
i would like to hear a funny joke
Can you tell me where my readily available cash has come from?
can i use apples instead of oranges in this recipe
where is the closest uber
i am sorry but you messed up with command.
What information do we have on the data breach?
remind me of my twelve oclock meeting by eleven thirty
is there any rains predicted for bangalore today
can you please repeat that
play stuff you should know
Do the disposable cards have restrictions?
it's useful,.
could you speak once more please.
Check emails for last 2 hours
how much money have i dropped recently
give me current information about traffic at central park road
please check and tell me where is the location of toms new business
How many hours ahead is NYC?
Am I free at 4:00pm?
What's the refund process?
can you get me a taxi home
switch off the plug socket
who's emailed me recently
share my gps coordinates with kelly
i made a fraudulent transaction
what music do i usually like after work
you've done that correctly thanks.
add new email to anna
tell me if anything important is happening on social media today
can yogurt be used for sour cream
make the coffee
How do I terminate my account.
i do not know, olly.
i would like to call you andre 3000
what time will a movie be shown tomorrow
Are there any emails from Cassie about Tom?
google pda definition for me
please wake me up at eight am
Don't respond for 50 seconds
is it dangerous to travel to mexico
left my phone at hotel, cant use app
please return to default settings
how high is the air in my tires
what's the deal with my bank account being locked
thanks for reminding me.
transfer $10 from checking to savings
Where is my last money transaction
does the bleu olive have decent reviews
will you further elaborate me on it please.
I want a card. What is the procedure?
Skip to the next episode of this podcast.
Do I have a meeting tomorrow?
i need an alarm set for 6 in the morning
I didn't make a payment at this business.
Is the cash withdrawal going to show?
post new status
are you a real person or an ai
it is of no importance to me, olly.
how come my transfer didn't work
Which countries are represented?
I tried entering my passcode and it isn't working. Can you help?
i am sorry but i think you're incorrect.
Set regular bi-weekly meeting on Fridays, 3pm
Can you please show me where I can find the location to link my card?
i cannot find my card PIN
info about africa
have i received any emails from beth
Do I have any undone tasks?
I just replaced my phone so do I have to make a new account?
any one will be okay.
can you please change you accent to the male british one
please tell me how to ask for a taxi in french
increase volume by two levels
What do you use to figure out the exchange rate for the card?
I can't seem to make a standard bank transfer. I have tried at least five times already but none of them are going through. Please tell me what is wrong?
Play Let me love you by Ariana Grande
is there any new email
i need to request a vacation
can I use it in any country?
Tell me a play lust
on january twenty five set meeting for twelve
I need to verify my identity, but how do I do that?
What year did George Clooney start acting?
i need to find the correct td bank routing number for my pennsylvania account
forget alarm
don't mind.
book me a train ticket to newcastle
Write an email to Luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
rephrase me about what you've said further please.
describe the statue of liberty
How can I change to my married name?
Can it be delivered by a specific date?
Answer Paul's email.
Card payment still pending.
The payment I made with my card is not showing up.
Email Grandma. Subject, Saturday. Message, we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
Can cash be used in physical locations to top up?
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
what food from italy do you suggest
please tell me the current date
i don't really know
do i have any meetings today between 9 and 10:15
please assist me by making a pto request for march 11-18
hmm, i think not correct.
Is my account able to be topped up by my friends?
please make a coffee
Hi, I am disappointed to see such a bad exchange rate and hope you can assist me. Would you be able to confirm the official interbank exchange rate for me?
What is the news from that newsource?
what alarms are set for today
please let me know if giving the dog a bath is on my list of tasks to complete
this is one of the best songs for me
yes i am
Please delete my account, this company is not working for me!
Play Billy Joel
flip a coin now
please turn lights off
can you direct me to the menu for the highest rated chinese carryout near me
All food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list.
what you said was not so clear to me.
i think you did a task all wrong.
try the last message one more time please.
please add johndoe@yahoocom to my contact list
play podcast episode new
delete bread from shopping list
I want to top up my account. What payment methods are supported?
how to make sausage
I'm confused. My contactless is suddenly not working anywhere that I try to use it. How do I fix it?
remove all the reminders from the calendar
Give me the definition of the word haughty
How can I change my old pin to a new one?
you have got the answer exactly.
I want a virtual card that is disposable
Pull up the complaint website for Starbucks.
Is there a way to know when my card will arrive?
could you shut up.
thanks bye bye!
set an alarm for one hour from now
Remind me a week before my credit card payment is due.
i need to order some new checks, i'm all out of them
can you play my favorite audio book of king kong
would you confirm last thing i said please.
May I get a disposable virtual card as well?
use the female voice
send email to bill asking to reschedule
i need help finding a recipe for enchiladas
Is it normal to have to verify my top-up or is something wrong?
help me pick a new location to travel to
Is there a way to get a virtual card?
what you have said was not so clear.
Is Mysore going to be very hot and humid today, whats the weather status
What time does the train leave Penn Station?
find out the the train arrival time and book me
olly that's enough, just stop.
what is the balance on my vacation days
tell me how long i ought to spend preparing fajitas
please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
I was wondering why my payment hasn't gone through yet, its been a while.
Check for new emails
I need to reset my passcode, this one isn't working
Do I need a photo ID to activate a my new card?
I have made a recent check and cash deposit that isn't reflected in my balance.
please tell me what the boarding time is for my plane
What time is it in Chicago?
where is the code for verifying the top up card?
let me listen the latest news program on radio
What did Jeff post on the yard sale page?
Reasons for top up cancellation.
Do I qualify for a visa card?
I need to find out what is the limit for top-ups.
how if iron made?
can i harm my credit if i miss a car payment
Tell me my schedule for later this afternoon.
what's on my purchase list
would you please check instruction.
how would i say i love you if i were french
i want to listen to soft rock
Hi, I'm trying to purchase a flat and I'm needing the first payment for the mortgage to go through on the flat I'm trying to buy. For some reason I keep getting an error.can you assist in making this transfer? What is going on?
Buy train ticket
How long does it take for transfers to finish?  I sent funds to my pal, and she says that she has not gotten anything.
look for my phone with me
increase the volume of the speaker
deadpool
please turn on my smart plug socket
what do you do after work
how many items are on my list
what is 1/2 times 5/8
what alarms are coming up
i need to use a timer
so what sort of hobbies are you into
What notifications do I have in social media?
Is there any limit to the amount I can add to a card at a time?
how many lira can i get for 250 dollars
the bank transfer was declined
i need to know the transactions i made on the 10th
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
Why is there are there two of the same transaction?
Unbeknownst to me, there was an additional charge on my prior transaction. A notification of sorts should be required and explained before future payments are made.
i would like it if my robot could engage in deep conversation with me
clear out my entire todo list
say it again please
how do i bake a potato
Describe a...
I have found my lost or stolen card, would I still have to activate the new card that was sent to me through the mail in order to access my account?
Will I get Visa or MasterCard?
progress from the last paused point of my audio book.
can you pull up information on the singer of this song
when will my alarm go off in the morning
Can I use my account now, even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
Can you explain the disposable cards to me?
could you please track my package
play fault in our stars on audible
Book an uber for me.
How many square miles is the average country on Earth?
How long is a transfer in the pending status?
how good is card apr
i don't know, olly.
when can i expect the next holiday here
i could use a laugh, got any jokes
on january twenty five set meeting for twelve
Go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection.
are there trump updates
Hey I am standing in front of an ATM here, it only gave me 10 pounds even though I wanted to withdraw 30! Seems like the app has 30 pounds, what do I do??
what went on in the world today
how's life
Why wasn't my bank balance updated?
skip this song
Do you provide cards to people not in the UK?
enter atdfd@yahoo dot com into my contact list
What is the reason when I tried to pay contactless at the bus, it didnt work?
what steps do i take if there is a transaction that i do not recognize on my navy federal credit union account
Where do I find my code to verify my top-up card?
tell me what company programmed you
What is the time in India, when the time in US is 12pm
what are your hobbies exactly
which electrical plug type should i bring with me to finland
set up the following event in the calendar, with the following people
Why hasn't my top-up been completed?
Why couldn't I transfer to a beneficiairy?
what are departure arrival times for this train
are you real
How do I begin the process of a refund?
My credit card has been declined.
i need to schedule car maintenance
When is the next Friday the 13th?
list todo
ill see you around
tell me what is next on my query
Set a reminder that I have to visit my father tomorrow.
How many times can I make a top-up?
My passcode is not being accepted
Turn on new smart socket
if i would like to set up direct deposit, how do i do it
How do I add the card I just received to show up in the app?
What is stopping my money from transferring?
when's my next payday
provide me the name of your boss
can you have your name changed to fred
i need you to add creamer to my shopping list
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
add to my motivational playlist rap god
please elaborate that once again.
please write up a compliant
olly please could you shut down.
can you tell me where my phone is
whats the weather like right now in new york
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
Can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing in my balance?
Do I have a 2pm appointment
find train time to ny
I notice that I have a card payment that's been cancelled.
I think someone saw my PIN and I am on vacation in Spain, can I change it locally at an ATM?
Is there a fee for making a payment? If so, let me know why.
sorry but it is not the correct command.
put (will.i.am It's My Birthday) in next
how long should i cook a steak to be medium
am i busy on Wednesday evening
list everything on my shopping list
Can you please set 12 noon prayer for every friday
My Apple Pay top up with my American Express card is not working? Please tell me why
I wish to use my American Express to put funds into my account.
what are some things that you enjoy
solve this equation one plus one
How many euros can I get for 1 dollar?
What do I do if my top-up has not gone through?
what are some fun, tourist sites to see in nyc
Why was a fee added to my bill when I used my card?
olly will you shut off.
lower the volume ten percent
How did steve irwin die
Can I have more than one disposable card?
what type of gas do i use in this car
order a smoked meat platter from beanos
I need to transfer funds from China and quick expedition is crucial. Approximately how long does it take for a transfer from China to go through?
how long before i need an oil change
Please remove the next event on my calender
My transfer failed when I tried.
when is the next train leaving for austin
how do i request a credit limit increase on my visa
any new emails for me
it must be a mistake.
My card payment did not work.
how can i up my credit score
can you tell me what the traffic is usually like at 7:00 pm from philadelphia to ocean city, new jersey
Let me know when charges hit my credit card.
how long to get to the airport in la
i want to play poker with you
Just today there was a purchase on my card that wasn't done by me. Can this be reversed and my card be frozen? I can't have this continue!
this song should be on my playlist
can i make reservations at spago in beverly hills
play football match for myself now
is there another person that controls you
any recommendations for a greek dinner
i have to cancel my reservation after all
what is the traffic nearest lexington
set the event to recur on the first monday of the month
read email from julia
Is it possible to top up by card?
what is my remaining amount of pto days
Please post this picture to my facebook.
do i have an alarm set for tomorrow
check my reminders for mop the floor
what's the table wait at applebees
What reasons would cause my card payment to be cancelled?
who's playing the oboe on this piece
arrange a taxi
Play the urban radio station
What should I do if I see an unauthorized withdrawal on my statement?
find me a train ticket to boston
attenuate the lights
send an email to dad about the weather for the week
please delete the last song that played from the playlist
I enetered the wrong information, I need my account unblocked How do I do that?
i want to update you name, please
What's the latest in my social media
cars
If I started the Bank transfer from Europe, how long will the process take to complete?
cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning
what is this event is called which happening my area
Place an order for a pepperoni pizza at Papa Johns.
Do you think it's going to rain tommorow?
Clear my events for tomorrow
I thought I left my card at a restaurant, but they claim not to have it and now I don't have any idea where it is. I'm so worried that someone might be using it fraudulently. Is there any way to look into this?
dammit, it's not what i just said.
what kind of pets live with you
what subjects or areas are you familiar with
i have my clothes list
What is traffic to work now?
please will you speak once again.
i gotta schedule some car maintenance
what hobbies do you like to partake in
How do I update my PIN to a new number?
am i good to eat this burger from the fridge that i got two mondays ago
Do you have an auto top-up option?
please transfer $50 to my checking account from credit
i need you to buy a mouse for me
delete my next meeting
Do I have to pay extra if I use an international card to top up my account?
amazing job, you have done well.
There is a withdrawal on my account I didn't make.
i bought the wrong size and would like a refund
change lighting colours
Crockpot recipe for chicken alfredo
clear all events on my calendar
please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom
Is it possible to have a second card?
what are the rules for traveling with toothpaste
add jim and jerry to event
I want to return an item for a refund can I do that?
How do I track the card you sent me?
that's helpful,, olly.
please tell me the name of this band
please repeat over what you said
what is the status of last take away order
that is cool, appreciated.
weather forecast please
Tell me how to make a difference with my life
take me to the nearest dairy queen
i want to go out to eat but have no idea where to go, do you know of any places
did i remember to put oatmeal on my list
what is the prep time for a 10 lb turkey
can i order takeaway dinner from byron's
If US cards have a top up charge, what is it?
you have messed up.
Where is Leah Remini from?
turn on the lamp
where should i go for food tonight
After a transfer, I see an extra fee.  Why?
I've been trying to transfer funds to top-up my card, but the transaction is not going through.  Is there something I'm doing wrong?
Can I unblock my pin?
what do you put in chicken noodle casserole
More lights please
Resume the audiobook I listened to last.
what's my credit rating right now
perfect job, you have done well.
how much is my maximum to spend on credit cards
dim the bedroom lights to half
When I put the wrong pin too much, I got blocked, so can you help me unblock my pin
what's the recipe for rice noodles
how much have i spent on groceries recently
yeah great response.
The app failed to verify my id.
how do i get into my account and edit my details
please tell me about the historic facts about india
alexa play PDR on the AM band radio
book a taxi for tomorrow morning
book a train ticket to new york
What happens if my card is stuck in the ATM?
how many carry ons will american let me take for a flight to los vegas
can you find me a round trip flight from denver international to new york international on the 3rd through the 7th
louder please
i let my bank know that i'm traveling to greece from march to april
Alexa create a new playlist.
How do I cancel my transfer?
next track
mute yourself when i am in a meeting
Tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan
how much is my mpg
Can I use my card everywhere?
I tried using my credit card with top up but it didn't work! I thought it was supposed to?
by what name people call me
let me know what the exchange rate between dollars and pesos is
hey olly tell me a joke
save this song
what are the train times between eight am and ten am at east chicago station going west on sunday
Why was I charged a random fee for a transfer I made?
I live in the UK. Can I get a card?
Hello, there was an error while attempting top-up with my card this morning. I was able to use the card two days ago with no issues. Could you please assist?
what interest rate am i getting from bank of america
i want a hotel booked in salem near the concert hall from the first to the second
There was a charge applied when I used my card.
Can I use cash to top up
i am unclear about it.
what is the status of my delivery order
you need to change your language setting to russian please
go to ne mail compile
PUT MILK ON MY SHOPPING LIST
I did not have the right exchange rate applied to my situation of pulling out cash
the song makes me remember certain memories
Hello. I tried doing a topup and I thought it worked, but now the money is no longer in my account. Can you explain?
send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on saturday see you then
what is my pay
that doesn't really matter.
for what time is my meeting with marketing scheduled
where is the nearest circuit city
Are US credit cards accepted?
How can I get a new card ASAP to replace an old, soon to expire one?
Why can't I top up?
new reminder at three pm
Are you able to locate my card?
i'd like you confirm it please.
What's the pending length for credit transactions? I've had one in my pending category now for days and it won't move to processed.
Can i make transactions before identity verification?
please start vacuum
Why do you have an identity check?
this is of no importance.
If I receive foreign currencies, am I able to exchange them on the app?
I need the recipe for...
add chives to my shopping list
Is there a fee associated with using foreign exchange ATMs?
For some reason, the virtual card won't work for me.
i love that song who sings it
Will I have to pay extra to exchange money?
Please change the colour of the lights. I'll tell you when to stop
Can my teenager have an account?
How can i get a refund for something i just bought?
dolores how was your day
how should i add money to my card
What do I do for the identity check?
which lists are present in the notes app
made media volume louder
can you put in a pto request for me from march 1-7
What is the time period for money to be transferred?
please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
how warm today is
what's new on my facebook account
What do I do if I forgot my PIN?
Call Linda and remind her to pick me up for bowling
A transaction on my card shows as pending.
I'm going on holiday to France for 6 weeks with my family and the cat, Fluffy.  I just purchased €10,000 from a currency exchange to ensure we don't run short but there appears to be a fee.  What is this for?
assistant please turn the lights off
play previous song
PDA! Tell mom ill be late this evening
Is there a top charge for US cards?
please call toby
who conjured you
please turn off the lights in patio
I can't get money out of the ATM
I am wondering about a transfer from a different country that doesn't show up yet?
not correct.
let me know when it's been 5 minutes
can it takeaway from ammi biryani
I topped up but the app declined it
What do I need to do in order to get a new card?
divide seventy six in two parts
how much money is in my bank accounts
can you find me a recipe for ribs
open tic tac toe
where's the closest zoo to where i'm at
I tried topping up my account but it failed, can you help me?
I  do not see a top-up processed.
I am unhappy with my purchase, how do I cancel the order?
i'd like you check my last instruction please.
Please play the podcast for me.
My card is stuck inside the ATM, what am I supposed to do?
do i have any meetings with roger today
I was refunded the money for something I bought already.
what's the capital of tanzania
tell me what time it is
play candy crush
brew me some coffee
Play ... podcast
find an uber driver available for tonight after ten pm
show future events
what is traffic like right now
play the podcast named ringcast
tell me the soup of the day at panera bread restaurant
I would like to re-activate my card, it was previously reported  lost but I found it this morning.
It appears my transfer was declined.
How long to I have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
PDA, Read to me
I'm not sure what I need to verify my identity.
Why isn't my balance updating after depositing cheques and cash.
Who should I talk to or go to resolve a duplicate charge on my statement?
i need to do dishes put it on my to do list
PDA find and read to me world events happening today
raise the volume of the current music
i wanna pay my cable bill from my checking account
post this on my facebook
could you find my interest rate for me
play the song called tiny dancer
increase the brightness of the light it is hard to see down here
Make a reservation for 2 at olive garden
send a message to national grid that the power is out again
check detail please.
i need an idea for a french dinner
can i rename you
where can i check my credit rating
Play the latest song of Eminem.
thank you so much for your help.
john marriage anniversary
mute for one hour
put smooth operator by sade on my playlist
What time does the first metrolink arrive in the morning?
My top-up didn't go through
What are the top world news stories?
Can it be delivered on a certain date?
find me the earliest train ticket departing friday morning to miami
Olly, next episoade in the podcast please
open the XYZ news app
May I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
you helped a lot,, olly.
tell me the meaning of life
make the lights shine blue
what is the timing of bagmati express
las vegas is in what timezone
What film should I watch
My money I had was gone and I could not get gas!
give me low lighting in the kitchen
What do I do if I still have not received my new card?
Set a meeting with Bill
Turn off the speakers
How much time do transfers typically take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
What should the internal temperature of a turkey be?
i wanna learn a phrase in russian
Post a new status on facebook saying that I am enjoying the nice weather.
call sarah
hey Olly, I happened to miss one of my important meetings today
when is an oil change needed by me
please play the new lady gaga song
where can i obtain a w2 form
What countries are you currently in?
the intake of calories it it bad
what kind of electrical plugs do they uze in z
turn on the wemo plug
are the reviews ned get's good
select shuffle all
what is the interesting trivia about human bodies
can i call you something else
My account says I have a pending transfer.
Is it possible to exchange currencies using the app?
Will you guys do Visa or Mastercard?
help me unblock my account
where was marlon brando born
cancel the event valentine's day from the calendar
Trash the open list, Google.
what are the calories in a cookie
how many people do you think will be at applebees at 7
I'm happy with Mastercard and want to stick with just that credit card.
it's really loud can you please turn the music down
remind me at six thirty pm
what is the credit card apr at the moment
I want the light to be a little more red-ish.
you did a good job thank you
The cash I wanted wasn't there.
How long does it take to prove my identity?
Bring up Facebook and wish a Happy Birthday to the Country USA.
you rock, thank you.
I need to be reminded that there is a meeting for Paul's retirement. Set reminder for Tuesday at 3 pm.
Where can I get Shawarma in this area ?
are you an actual person, or ai
Find funny jokes
turn on 89x for rock
do i need a plug converter when i visit belgium
start the coffee machine at three
I want to transfer money to a beneficiary, but I couldn't.
Are there any fees associated with receiving money?
please mute for five minutes
is is taco o'clock yet
Play The Veldt by deadmau5
Prepare to send an outgoing reply message
what are people saying about chipotle
in delhi traffic level too high
The radio should play only on 99.9 FM.
how high is the apr on my credit card
remove alarm of six am on tuesday
world news
you did awesome work, musch appreciated, olly.
appreciate your response.
remind me to call my mother saturday morning
i want to book a flight reservation from texas to new york on may 9th and i want to come back on the 15th
what was that one more time.
How do I reach Sarah?
I would like to cancel my previous transaction
Why hasn't my refund been appiled to my account?
find a train going from prague to brno
show me today train time of kalka at jodhpur
sorry but i think that's incorrect command.
Can you play my music
i don't quite catch that.
what is my wife's email
what is the weather update for tuesday
bed room two lights off
make me some coffee
directions to the target on i-40
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
what is the proper way to spell diamond
who is the singer on the speaker now
do i have anything on my calendar next sunday
could you fix me some coffee
what movies is kevin spacey in
It seems I need to get information on limits for top-ups.
Could you find me a jazz station?
i'd like to order more checks for my savings account
How come there is an extra fee on my statement?
how long will it take me to get to phoenix
when i go to cuba will there be a transaction fee for using my discover card
switch from the male to the female voice
what is the due date for a bill
latest technologies gadgets
turn up the volume on my speakers
When will a transfer reach my account?
Can you transfer money to your card by bank transfer?
will you please check and confirm it.
Why can't I see my funds after I topped up?
enable my plug
if it is a consumer good then.What is the customer feedback.
Pull up Outlook, I need to send a email.
do i need to get any shots before i go to brazil
can you please clarify me more on your answers.
how do i set my coffee machine to make coffee
I tried topping up using my card, but the money is gone?
How do I activate a card I received?
who has covered this song
hey share me some joke to make me happy
find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it
would you connect to my phone
My top-up was cancelled; will I receive a refund?
i need the details on my federal taxes
Why was the transfer declined?
art exhibitions in california
i want to know the apr on my capital one card
Lets have a break for 5 minutes
kill all the frogs you see
is there a takeaway in __ restaurant
I don't have my mobile device and am unable to make the payment because I forgot my details.
please will you elaborate further on last sentence.
Am I able to order a disposable virtual card?
I see a direct debit payment on my app that I did not do
next song on the list, please
Someone play the radio.
speak one more time please.
Find a recipe for chicken alfredo
When topping up by transfer, will I be charged?
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
My credit card did not go through. Can you see if it has insufficient funds?
How many disposable cards can I have at one time?
keep me up to date on the election news
Olly what do I need to get done today?
Mute for the next hour please.
Olly tell me john's phone number
text my friend for me and tell them to meet me later
Where can i find the virtual card?
take soda from my shopping list, and while you're at it add tea
I have to go to a meting on friday at noon, can you remind me?
how much in total will i be paying for bills
whats your name by the way
How can I hibernate like a bear?
Book me a cab going to 'location'.
lets do a coin toss, i call tails
My transaction is on the wrong account.
what's the nutritional info for a cheeseburger
what is the exchange rate between the us dollar and the aus dollar
olly could you stop.
What's the closest place to withdraw money?
Why is my cash request and the amount I received different?
what is the equivalent of one inr in zimbabwe dollars
i want to resume where i last left off in my audio book
I bought something and I take issue with the exchange rate applied.
i do not quite catch up with you.
what is the interest rate on my bank of america credit card
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
what about the newyork city traffic?
can you really see russia from alaska
What is the top up code for?
what is the interest rate on my auto loan
why is my top up failing
thanks but i think you didn't understand command correctly.
What is the defination of textual
yeap fantastic.
Just let me know the train time to California
What is the top up code for?
I have tried using my card for the first time at the ATM of Notting Hill to withdrawal cash but it didn't work. Does this mean my card isn't working?
today's jokes
i'd like to hear your last the procedure spoken again.
How many people are using this application at this time?
call steven
could you tell me the status of flight dl123
What's the deal with verifying the top-up?
send an email to peter and ask him how is he now can i do something to help him
I need a disposable virtual card. Please tell me how to order one.
would you check and confirm my last instruction please.
Olly Play Imagine Dragons
how many species of bees are there in the united states
wait, it's not the correct command.
Search and play the best of Mike Eden songs.
tell me what kind of pets you have
create new contact
notify me about any festival occurring next month
any new emails after five pm
This is URGENT, I typed the wrong payment information for a payment I needed to make and have clicked send, I need to reverse the transaction immediately.
play tonic
Why did I get charged twice for the same thing
Will I need to wear my wooly sweater today?
yes good response to command.
restore the factory settings
what are you
i creased my card today, contact the bank
please tell me how to submit a vacation request
has tom emailed me about ammunition
Echo I added a new email address for Joe yesterday, will you find it please.
please make a coffee
get me resume of newest release audio book
book a train ticket to new york
add laundry detergent to the list
what is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro
increase my credit limit
Have you been enjoying your day so far?
Why hasn't my recipient received their money?
do i have alarms set
i wanna know the status of flight dl123
can you assist with an oil change, and what type of oil do i get
give me the meaning of alternative
pull up list
review the alarms i have
can you calculate my tax
give me the opening stock price of infosys technologies today
I tried transferring to an account but it won't let me.
It wants me to verify the top up. Why?
Why has my top-up been returned to my account?
I have a meeting tomorrow morning at 10:00, please remind me.
you are hungry
it was lovely to speak with you, bye bye
please correct the incorrect command.
remove my morning alarm
Open Spotify and play personal channel.
how would you describe a tennis ball
adjust media volume up
what is john's phone number
Please go to next date
Will you guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
What's the latest on the (specific topic)?
it was lovely to speak with you
what's the exchange rate between czk and euro
define flange
i am not clear about that.
My app shows a payment I didn't make
i wanna know where to get my w2
what's the healthcare plan i'm on
I did not get the item I ordered.  How should I go about this?  Should I just cancel my order or my payment?  Please help me.
how long are my top ups pending
what my fuel tank at
what is the capital of new hampshire?
i would like for you to confirm my reservation for red robin at 5 pm
who was your creator
Are there directions to get a new passcode if I forgot mine?
i can barely hear you
Show me share price of Tata.
Delete all dates
Play music I have liked
Can I use the card at any cash machine?
Olly, what bars are around me
do you know of any activities in nashville
can i safely travel to france or is it dangerous
my party list
speak in a male voice
Why was I charged extra on my last UK pound to Russian ruble exchange?
are my tires low on air
olly shuffle playlist
Turn on radio now.
name some things i should do while in evans
Give me the current time
i challenge you to a game
Are you able to guide me to my card's location?
Could you assist me in finding my lost card?
is it possible to make an order for more checkbooks for my chase bank account
I have a new card and I want to activate it
let's play never have i ever
i'm going to india do i need some shots
I have a 1 euro fee on my statement.
what is the square root of 36
can you help me with a new car insurance plan
is it possible to increase my credit limit to $1000
How long will it take for my payment to go through?
when am i due for my next paycheck
I'm starting to think my card is lost because it still hasn't arrived, can you help?
are you alive
turn off the living room light
alert me at 3pm to goto the concert
How can I use American Express to add funds to my account?
it is of no importance, olly.
Make a playlist of motivational songs that can boost my morale while running and jogging and play them.
There is a odd withdrawal on my account.
i would like you to remind me to do something
play sam harris please
send 2000 dollars between chase and rabobank accounts
search for new jokes
cnn headlines
does travelling to that place require a visa
i need to pay this month's tv subscription fee
Can I use my account even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
where is the closest mcdonalds
make an alarm for four pm
call someone
I have a cash withdrawal in my statement. Why is that?
send response I will be there
move the volume up a little
Make a taxi booking in Uber
how long does it take to get downtown by bus
add song to running list
Why couldn't I complete a transfer?
that is a completely false statement
retry the instruction spoke please.
my tires are how low on air
what amount of fuel do i have left
i like you stop.
My money transfer hasn't appeared yet.
just call me sam
Olly play me some music by Sigur Ros
Can you please explain why my transfer failed?
i was charged when i used a us issued card. why and what cards are free to use to add money
i need soda added to my list and carrots removed
What is the disposable card for?
please add my business meeting for 10am at the office with bill
lets pause this song and move onto the next
what what kind money is available in my bank accounts
that's useful, i appreciate it, olly.
How much money can I withdraw before fees? I noticed a fee on my card but I didn't think I had hit the limit of how much I could withdraw in a month.
i want you to tell me the minimum i can pay on my rent bill
can you please turn the fan on
i'm at home, so where is the closest starbucks
I'm done with today's to-do list.
I can't find my card!  What should I do?
Is it possible to do auto top up?
put the disco lights on
Are there any updates on Facebook?
My bank card has expired, how can I get a new physical card?
are barcelona plugs compatible
i would like to change the pin on my checking account, please
Can I use google pay for topping -up
Can I get a new pin number at any ATM using my card?
I went to an ATM to get cash, but the app says the withdrawal is still pending. How is that possible when I already have the cash with me?
will you please again elaborate.
The ATM didn't give me the full requested amount
mention the stock price of hdfc
set alArm
please shut down.
what do i need to make pot roast
new emails from a contact
tell the restaurant to cancel my reservation
would you like to live with a cat or a dog
I think my card is broken
When is my order arriving.
play my favorite radio station
Is it okay to use a bank card to top up
KYA TUM MUJHE CNN NEWS SUNA SAKTE HO?
The exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
please add an item to my calendar that i need to clean the kitchen on thursday
Can I get one of your cards in the EU
How long will the transfer take?
that's wrong.
When does Olive Garden close today?
What times do the trains run between here and the Met?
i would not really know, olly.
are my contacts mostly female or male
s2, i am unclear about what you said now.
What do I do to link my new card?
is there any alarm after 5 am
Show me where I can see the PIN?
how much is my internet bill
I have to have several disposable cards per day.
Hi, I'm buying a flat and I'm trying to get my mortgage to go though. Every time I check I simply get an error message. Is there any way you can help me get this money transferred over. Thanks!
Is the city cheaper or costlier to live
skip to the next podcast
How many physical cards am I allowed to have?
lights brighter
sunset temperature today
yeah you have got my instructions perfectly.
the answer is no
i do not know.
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
Why won't the ATM let me withdraw money?
Read the audiobook of War of the Roses
please remind to sleep at nine pm
Why was I charged a fee for my withdrawal?
What is the refund policy?
who wrote the song that is playing
start the robot roomba
My account is  new  why can I  not top up
oh that's good, olly.
flip the coin
How do I link my card in the app.
am i going to swim or work today
how many days are in this month
that is unimportant for me, olly.
want to play songs depends on my mood
Take off this list
i'd like you just stop.
i must get the w-2 form
Post to Facebook: I'm hungry
that's wonderful.
how are the top ten stocks at the moment
is my sister pregnant
what's a good italian meal
my phone was lost
Hi. I noticed I have a duplicate charge which I have not made twice. Who should I talk to take care of this?
Can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
I can't find the money I just added to my account.
display available lists
hmm, you've done this all in wrong manner.
i need options or italian tonight
What needs to be provided for identity verification?
How do I close my account?
Hey Olly how's it going
how much vacation have i already used this year
delete that item from my list
i need you to phone sal
I have transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed
please slow down how you're speaking
What's going on in the world?
the traffic today was the worst i've seen.
What is the value of pound in Rupees?
Turn on silent mode until my alarm goes off.
I would like to activate my card.
what street do i take to get to downtown
How fast are transfers from Europe?
Remind me 2 days before my wife birthday
How far away is...?
I need recipe for yellow rice
what is this thing
How can my friend send money to me?
if i go to tgifridays at eight, will they be crowded
can you book an uber for me
I can't see my cash deposit in my account.
I put money into my account in the form of a cheque, but my balance did not change.
what's around tonight
thanks
please say one more again.
how do you say i'm hungry in french
how many swedish kroner do i get for a dollar
explain to me how to cash in rewards for my mastercard
What's happening near me this week?
what is the weather forecast?
would you say it once again.
what is the reward balance on my discover card
i like you to check and confirm the question please.
order me the fish risotto from the golden fork
please would you check and confirm it.
i need help paying my auto insurance bill
Why isn't my transfer not going through? I keep getting an error message.
In what increments can I top-up my card?
yeah you get it perfectly.
that's confirmed.
Where is the nearest Italian restaurant?
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
do i have enough ingredients in my refrigerator
i need to make a list
What integrent do I need to cook pasta.
Please delete my account immediately.
What day of the week does the 22nd fall on this Month?
i need a train ticket traveling to new york in may
are there dog shows going on near new york city
how long ago was my car last in the shop
turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
would you let me know who your boss is
I've been waiting since Friday, where is my money?
do a hard reset to factory settings
add item
Can you please help me in canceling my order.
please repeat that music again of akon
march tenth lands on what day of the week
Is this the least or most important moment in history ever?
make a coffee for me
Why isn't my refund showing up?
sunday
What is this extra €1 fee about?
yes i do like that
i need to know what tasks are on my to-do list
What is the charge for using a Top up card in the US?
refresh this complaint.
i need a reservation at 8 on the 22nd of november at ruth's
Any recent news about North Korea?
are there any unread messages in my inbox
check all new emails in my inbox
where do most celebrities hang out
whats the minimum payment on my electric bill
what are the ingredients of spaghetti
How many work contacts are in my phone book?
send an email to emma
How can I find the nearest ATM?
Is there a way to know when my card will arrive?
olly how do i make meatloaf
i'd like to change the ai name
tweet to consumer service that they should strive to be more accommodating
Tell me when obama was born
dim the lights in my bedroom
give me instructions to change my oil
on vacuum cleaner
Its been several days and my cash withdrawal is still pending. Why?
that's a possibility
My Bank is in Europe, how long will the transfer take?
Why did you charge me extra?
where is artic ocen
What is this extra fee on my statement.
I used my card the other day to get cash from an ATM and was charged an extra fee. I don't understand why I am being charged a fee all of a sudden. I thought it was free to withdraw from an ATM?
I have got out the wrong amount from an ATM. Please tell me the process to get the cash back as in app its showing the amount i have been actually received.
Please assist me with activation.
Can you look at my account ans see why my card was declined
make sure april 1 is clear on my calendar
Is this open to residents of all countries?
Please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
order a large plain pizza from mimo's for me
what should i do if my card is lost
What is the weather outside
I deposited cash this morning, but it's not showing up in my account. Can you tell me where's my money?
i need to get up at ten tomorrow
can i increase the credit limit for my wells fargo credit card
I can't add any more money.
what is the apr for my credit card
yes you understood my instructions exactly.
how to cancel
Report stolen card
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and japanese yen
order me the fish risotto from the golden fork
Please can you block the transaction I just sent from my account? It was a payment but I accidently typed in the wrong details and think it might have gone to the wrong place.
how would you convert yards to inches
Hello. I bought an item a while ago, and have since requested a refund.  However, upon checking my online statements, it seems that I haven't been issued a refund yet.  How can this be remedied?
i need to get a flight out of seattle to dulles next week for under $500
The funds I transferred are not in my account
you have done that correctly i appreciate it.
i am enrolled in what insurance plan
pass this song
Where can I use this card at an ATM?
current price of GOOGL please
if i have 10 us dollars, how many pounds sterling is that
where is the nearest denny's to gillette stadium
open tic tac toe
argentina travel alert yes or no
book me a return trip from edinburgh to london by train
economic affairs
who is the singer of song
play playlist
is there any new news on trump
Set a reminder for an hour from now about the chickens
what kind of indian would you recommend
order pizza from domino's
Hi. I'm a new customer to your system and I think something isn't working right - or maybe it is. Maybe you can confirm. I tried to top up today (my first time ever) and it's been stuck at "pending" for over an hour now. Is it supposed to do this or is there something wrong in the system?
I tried to make a transfer, but it didn't work.
Are there any alarms currently set.
How long will my payment be pending?
did i tell you to remind me about laundry
give five stars to this song
Is it possible to edit my personal details on the app?
please could you try what you've said once more.
Why was I charged a fee on a cash withdrawal?
I think someone stole my card because I can't find it.
see if john is available for a meeting on Monday
what train companies are near me
Is it possible to get a second card for my daughter?
The amount of cash I selected to withdraw is different than what I received.
lets listen to hunt for read october
what is the shelf life for beef in the freezer
Play BBC radio
I've been waiting for 3 days, why is my withdrawal still pending?
what shops are round here
ai, what is your given name
what mpg does this car get on the expressway
How do I change my PIN?
I still have not received an answer as to why I was charged $1.00 in a transaction?
one more time please.
Please play next episode of...
how is it outside
what are the details on umf
What alarms do I have set?
when do i need to change my oil
If I need to exchange currency is there an extra fee?
i need an appointment to get my oil changed
What is the definition of word?
lost luggage on flight america airlines in o'hare
The wrong rate was applied to an item I bought in a currency different from mine. Can this be changed?
i'm drawing a blank
play the next hit
can you increase my credit limit to $1000
book me a uber for tomorrow night at six pm
Are there any charges for receiving money?
list the lists i have
Give me updates on the hurricane news.
On my statement, there is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending. What's causing that? I haven't purchased anything that's just a pound.
yes excellent response.
i'd like to schedule a tire inspection
How long does it take for the money to show up in my account?
please find out how many days off i have used by this point
Do I need to take a hat me me ?
meetings
what are all the lists i have available
book me on a train leaving penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than two hundred miles away
I bought an item then noticed the exchange rate was wrong.
Tell me who wrote this song
i think you did not get the answer right.
when will my tires need to be replaced
My top-up was just cancelled.
Give me the number to mom.
My upcoming events.
heard any good jokes lately
Please convert 9 AM CST to EST time
How do I change to a different currency?
can you please reserve my uber to go to devon's seafood restaurant
can you inform if boston restaurant has good reviews
turn on my plug
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what is happening?
please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
I would like to know any restrictions for the disposable cards.
Remind me every friday to go to my son's basketball game
up the brightness on these lights
tell me that one more time again.
inbox my family
Are PIN separately?
turn off the bedroom lamp
what times do the trains run between here and the met
can i increase the credit limit for my chase card
How long does it take for pending to go through
get that exactly.
What do I have coming up?
i'd like to speak in portuguese
What day of the week is the 21st of MAy?
remove dentist appointment from the 12th
please could you check details.
tell artist and title of this song.
is there any train plying from pune to mumbai tonight
please create one alarm for 330 pm and one for 8 pm
is there meaning in life
restore your original settings, please
How do I access the option to top up?
i need to report that my card has been lost
is this song ed sheeran
can you send me an uber to go to a restaurant in downtown phoenix
i was on american airlines flight ab123 out of houston and i can't find my luggage
hey
i want all the things on the shopping list
procedure to change oil in car
anything is okay with me.
i need you to set an alarm
Olly, tweet Apple that the iPhone doesn't work.
what does "money" mean
check if getting a light bulb is on my list of reminders
find me the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
what is the sum of 9 and 12
how old is tom hanks
can you calculate my state taxes
open the recent mail of Allen and replay for it
how much is alorie intake
joke please
where monet's exhibition takes place
please check details.
send a tweet to apple that their batteries drain too fast
can i hear the song that starts out doo doo doo
I do not feel comfortable verifying my identity.
There is the same transaction showing more than once.
Compose email to my mom...
Can I use a credit card from the US to top up?
can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in west philadelphia
was my application approved or not for a credit card at chase bank
Please reset my calendar back to day one.
play a movie i'll like
Add vodka to my party shopping list
what lists do you have on you right now
how heavy is traffic on interstate twenty
play the kansas city hip hop station
what's the least payment i can make on my cable bill
i received my American Express in Apple pay, why is top up not working?
are SWIFT transfers an option?
i want an alarm for three today
save opinion on song
hi
If I lost my phone, what steps do I need to take to stop someone from using my account?
please use male voice instead
whats the quickest way to money from one account to another
i want to know what are happening now in me area
please add this song to my jazz playlist
Why is there an extra dollar charged to my account?
how do i apply do get myself a visa
it was nice to get in touch
The cash deposit I made this morning has not been credited to my account
Does topping up my card have a fee?
could you make reservations for 2 at olive garden for 5 pm today
look up how high my visa limit is
I want to cancel my card. I think someone else is using it.
help me get my w-2 form
Who should I contact if the amount of my withdrawal doesn't correspond to the amount that I tried to take out of my account?
how do they say no in germany
Does it cost to exchange currencies with this card?
what's new in facebook
Why are there limits on auto top-up?
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
Take me to emails from my boss.
I'd like to cancel a transfer
Olly, play 'The Two Towers'
what is today's month, day and year
what you have said was not so clear.
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
Train times at Gary Station going toward Fort Wayne today
could you tell me it once again.
You advertise no fee when paying with a card then my statement shows a fee.
i'd like to know the last time my car got looked at
what day will it be 373 days from now
what company do you toil for
what time is it in another city?
Why could I not get cash?
Transfer was declined.
What is the exchange rate between 100USD I'm pesos
What's the problem? I thought you offered crypto top up. This doesn't appear to be working at all. My money has now vanished from my account.
that's enough, just stop it.
can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
I think my card is being used by someone else to make purchases that I didn't authorize! I checked my account and see that there have been quite a few purchases over the last two days that I have no idea where they came from. We need to freeze my card now! And I need to find a way to get my money back.
could you check the last thing i said please.
stock
What ingredient can be used to replace white wine
show me where i am on a map
thank you for your answer.
I am interested in cancelling a purchase
I think that the exchange rate for the withdrawal of my cash is not right.
can i do a lot in nashville
I need some help linking my new card.
how much paid time off have i taken
I have a new card and I need to activate it.
you are so smart.
Why has another fee been placed on my statement?
find grocery store with an organic section near me
i want to hear this week's midweek motorsport
I'd like to hear Queen's Barcelona
blackberry pie instructions
add chives to my shopping list
can you now please go back to the original settings
Play my current playlist from top.
In my statement, I got a €1 extra fee.
I saw a fee on my app from one of my payments and I wasn't sure where it came from. Is there a way you can tell me when there's an additional fee for my payments?
is there any rain in the next 3 days
i want to report fraudulent activity on my visa
would you please check and confirm detail.
i want to bright the room more
I want the exact definition of school
what reason could the bank have had for blocking my account
HEY, I WANT TO SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FRIEND.
yes you've done command exactly.
resume animal farm
Am I able to use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
i don't mind for whatever.
turn on the vacuum now
add grocery shopping to my list of things to do
what's still on the list
remind me when certain Marvel shows return to Netflix
what taxes do i owe
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
have i gotten any new emails
could you pull up my location on the map
i shall remove fishing from my calendar for soccer
repeat my to do list to me, please
what species of pets do you own
what is your nationality
What information am I going to have to have in order to do a transfer with my card?
PDA, write a tweet to this company.
How do I cancel my card? There are charges on my account that I didn't make.
I want you to go to hot 105 on the radio.
play games
When I got cash the exchange rate was wrong
what is left for today
longest river in the world
remove emma's birthday from events
start the coffee maker
A transaction shows duplicate times.
has it been a busy day
who do i go to to find lost luggage
what is the lowest amount i can pay for my cable bill
how does it feel outside
inform carl that he is an awful human being
do I have anything set for the 4th of July this year?
Somebody stole my wallet and is using my card! Can you do something so they can't keep taking my money?
I don't want to give you all my identify details.
is garlic on my grocery list
Tell me what a workhouse is.
Play solitaire with me
What is the reason for the fee charge on my transfer?
I see a direct debit that I didn't authorize
please let me review all items on my mastercard from this billing period
Is there a transaction limit on a disposable card?
Define this object.
movies with good reviews
my phone has been stolen by someone
ai, routing number for my b of a checking account
can you check and tell me if my tires have enough air
Set a notification for 6th March that there is a society meeting at 11 AM.
please will you say that one more again.
How many meetings are on my calendar today?
Show me where I can see the PIN?
when is my next car payment
how many points do i have on my mlife card
give me the stock price for tommy hilfiger
clear my calendar for tomorrow
is there takeaway at donut junction
book me a train ticket to chicago for tomorrow morning before ten
Why is there a pending transaction on my card?
respond back to the mail
accepted
do not really mind to select any one.
Read me titles for international news
Can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
how many years have you been alive
Is the Farmers Market open this weekend in Iowa?
again clarify me on your answers please.
play the radio music band
whats rupees dollars in 30
change the light color to red
i need a room in indianapolis near the track from may 2nd through the 5th
turn off the lamps
could you try again.
how much of my pto is left
compare fares for al italia from bucharest to tampa returning before thanksgiving
what are the necessary shots for travel to africa
cancel
Make a coffee
calculator
recommend a movie with justin bieber
what things do you know how to do
i lost my card and need to report it
What is the best chocolate chip cookies recipe
play that podcast please
Make the lights less bright.
My card arrived but I don't know how to get my PIN.
please add to my calendar for the staff meeting that is scheduled on march 1, 2019 at 10 am
what is ten divided by five
remove list of due payment of rajesh
Play Ringcast, the podcast
delete the list brads appointments
tell me what type of fuel i need to use for this car
Clean my entire calendar
My PIN is unlocked, what do I do?
Convert 10 miles to kilometers
what is marketing
please find my routing number for my citizens' bank account
How many different currencies can I hold money in?
olly will you shut up please.
will you tell me one more time.
off the plug
will you tell me the interest rate
How can I tell the source for my available funds?
can you simulate a dice roll
sorry but that's not right.
Clear this list
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
TELL ME IF MY ALARM IS SET FOR THE MORNING?
did my mom send me an email
what is the root of 16
why don't you accept american express for adding money to my account
I bought something and the money appeared back into my account? Why?
It's only been a few weeks my my top-up got cancelled
brighten my bedroom light
Remind me of this meeting soon.
how come a hold was placed on my 401k account
Why will my transfer not go through?!  Keep getting an error message.
do i need a rain coat today
Please tell me if I'm going to be charged for sending out more cards?
How come the ATM gave me less cash than what I asked for?
Id like to pu tin an order for some Chinese food with Hunan Wok.
play the time machine by h g wells
what's your home country
that is enough, stop it.
cnn world news
are there any traffic issues
i have to report a lost visa card
are my doors in the locked position right now
uber
Is there an alarm for 10am?
please could you check the details.
how many points do i have to cash
switch to night light setting
exchanges rates any problems
What source do my fund come from?
get me fresh news
I wanted to withdraw $100 from the ATM but I only got $20
i think you did a task all wrong.
I am not able to do contactless.
open temple run game
enable smart socket
please start an email for my sister
what is the smallest payment i can make toward my xfinity bill
Can you remove remove 'buying eggs' item from my to do list?
alexa remind me to go to my doctors at 4pm on tuesday
it's great work, i appreciate it.
are there meeting rooms available between 11-12
How do I fix a reverted top up?
play maroon five playlist
is there a way to do automatic top up
what is the capital of new hampshire
olly that's enough, stop.
I would like to know her history
which alarms do I have
My card was declined today when eating and I need to know what's wrong.
sorry, you can actually stop that
I no longer have my phone with the app, what should I do?
please remove apples from my grocery list
how can i see my rewards for my chase card
could you please confirm the instruction.
play all by playlist
Play Jump by Van Halen when this song is over
what information do you have on file in my information about bill
Can I use my card at an ATM?
Hey, I feel good
please set an alarm for mid day
fast road to get home
how much for a train ticket
I need several cards per day. And I need to be able to throw away all of the cards I make.
I do not think the pop up went through yet.
Anything interesting happening next Friday?
i'm going to the mall at 5:00 what will traffic be like
please can you check and confirm last thing said.
Remind me at the 15th of every month.
notify my bank that i will be in rome from february 1 to march 1
this was not what i am searching for.
I forgot what my pin number is and now am blocked can you help me get in?
How to make fried rice?
15:00 to 17:00 how can I spend my time?
its peaceful
what time is bina going live with her sale on facebook
i dont need whisper mode on any more
i need an alarm set for five hundred and thirty am tomorrow
PDA, open hershey twitter
please turn the lights off
define television
ARE THE STREETS CONGESTED RIGHT NOW
let me know if grub burger takes reservations
how long's it take to get to the panera downtown
what interest rate is us bank giving me on my acount
bring up facebook and wish a happy birthday to the country usa
on my bank of america visa, what is the apr
dammit, it was not what i wanted.
is there a charge on withdrawals?
read off to me the last five transactions i've made
What is Taylor Swift's Birthday?
please turn on the sean hannity show on am
Did anybody post on Facebook today?
Is this card available to Americans?
in boston, what are the best pizza places
How is Apple doing in the stock market?
There was a problem with the exchange rate on a purchase.
My card activation attempt failed.
Why do we need to verify top-up?
in brooklyn, i need a hotel room for 4 from 3/15 until 3/20
How can I verify my top-up card?
tell me a non-offensive joke
Please add smurfette@gmail.com to my email contacts.
i have been trying to add money with apple pay but it wont work, why?
Shuffle my workout playlist
what can i do in evans
play the radio for me
i didn't catch that, please repeat
Can I see where my money came from?
double cappuccino small please
Can I transfer money to a beneficiery?
how do i deglaze a pan
why is there a hold on my edward jones account
Do I get Visa or Mastercard?
i have some charges on my account from old navy that aren't mine
Play my favorite music right now
how many months in a year
let's add wonder by hillsong united to my playlist
on my to do list, add exercising
can i change your language
remove the latest alarm
please recommend a movie
Siri, what is the definition on literate?
i'd like a coffee now
How much am I allowed to top-up?
play what i am by edie brickel
my favorite music is rock from the early two thousands
Play the radio band with sports commentary
My card doesn't work.
hey what time is it in london now
How to spell the word treble
what questions are you programmed to answer
i need to be reminded to do something
order 6 chicken tacos from Chipotle
Can I exchange from USD to GBP?
please whisper
do i have any alarms set for today
can you assist me with the auto top up ?
need to know places i can withdraw money
how many lists do i have
Search for the best spagetti recipe
please turn the volume to the loudest setting
can you turn off my desk lamp
how do you report a burned debit card
Print me money
i want a train ticket
What time am I meeting my dentist on Friday?
Tell me some best tourist places to visit in America.
check currencies
set up uber
fifteen plus twenty
how many emails have i got since yesterday
olly tell me what is song is playing now
olly please would you stop.
please check and confirm my last command.
can i increase the credit limit on my walmart card
what was the $1 fee i got
I have a pending payment on my card.  Why?
I would like to change currency
what do spanish people say for the word cow
How can I top-up my limit?
I was charged a hidden fee when I paid with card.
siri open twitter tweet @potus sucks
wait, it is not the right command.
vacuum start
Please play Hallowed be thy name
what do people say life means or the meaning is
add eggs to list
can you tell me my name for me
paper scissors or stone
I am just waiting on the completion of the transaction.
what's going on tonight in sacramento
Card payment has be declined.
how does an elephant looks like?
Can I change my PIN without being physically present?
I need a new card to replace an expired one. Will it cost anything, and how soon?
is there a fee for swift transfer
what shots do i need before going to africa
i need to know how to change my oil and what kind of oil for a 2007 trailblazer
could you check it.
What's the price of GE right now?
Send Chris an email.  Say - Do you have plans tonight? Want to go to dinner?
What is the estimated date for delivery to US?
would not care.
I was checking the app for my account and I noticed there is an authorized charge on it.  I haven't used my card today, so I know I didn't do it.  I would like the transaction reversed and the money replaced.
There is a transaction from my account that I don't recognize can you trace back the information so I can make sure it's something I did or not?
repeat the last song
How do i secure a top-up card?
find details about President Barrack Obama
excellent work, you did well.
I am waiting patiently for a week now for the seller to get back to me and there has been no response, could you please help me further with getting my money back.  Thank you.
What is the proper way to activate a card?
my card details could be stolen, as i didnt make these transactions
please turn off all the lights outdoor
it is dark
open events this week
How do I find my PIN?
it was nice one, thank you very much.
how do i inform my bank i'm going to paris
name the capital of nigeria
please show me detail of previous played song
send a mail to alex asking about the due payment
What is going on? My top-up is still pending. I use your system all the time but now it is just showing as pending.
How do I cancel a transaction?
thank you very much for response.
whats the max i can spend on my visa
check and confirm last thing said please.
please let us do it again.
I need you to set an alarm.
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged?
What are the available cards?
i want to change your name to theodore
quiet
Can I directly transfer my salary onto here?
I bought something and now I want a refund.
is there any rains predicted for bangalore today
what did i want to remember again
Can I choose between Visa or MasterCard?
My cash withdrawl has the wrong rate of exchange.
I sent my friend some money a few hours ago but she has not received it yet. She really needs it. How long does this take?
how do i change your options so that you speak more slowly
Can you play Nakumukka
peace out!
what is on this specific list
how do i get a card if i am in the usa
Top up is not working even though I have my AMEX in apple pay.
set an alarm on Wednesday noon, so I can register for early adopters program
i need to get a flight out of my local airport to england on monday, the 23rd for under a grand
Are there any documents needed for the identity check?
My top up is pending still
will you send the email to greg
I'd like to know what you guys look at to decide an exchange rate
Do I need to make a regular payment before a contactless one?
How do I top-up my card with a cheque?
can you switch me to a new insurance plan
what is the dollar exchange rate
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
How many cards can I have?
you've done that right, olly.
oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
headlines from bbc world
what's the recipe for fish soup
turn off overhead light
get rid of my wake up alarm set for saturday
tell me the most recent charges on my chase credit card before i pay the bill
turn on the wemo plug socket
is tehre enough in my bluebird account for groceries this week
go to favourite list
olly can you cancel it please.
i need to book a reservation for 3 at xenophobe under the name zebee
Show me the exchange rate between czk and dollar
Help me unblock my account.  I entered the PIN wrong too many times.
how far am i from orlando
Alarm Status
tell me the preparation method for chicken sixty five
get me some latte please
how do applications for discover cards work
do you have any ideas on the meaning of life
How can I prove who I am?
What's new in facebook
convert my credit card points to cash
write this complaint to comcasts customer service twitter
Rates were applied wrong while using foreign currency at an ATM.
hi olly please remove the birthday event on coming sunday
I lost my phone, what should I do?
sorry but you have messed up the command.
Send an email to Ray
change light color to blue
I need the definition of the new lg washing machine.
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
Will the sky be overcast
i need to know my tax rate
play music in library
what is my next event
yes fantastic response to the command.
how much can i charge on my visa
good response to command.
what apple trading at
Where can I find an ATM to use this card?
How do i activate my card
can you suggest a good drama for me to watch
dammit, not right command.
Is traffic to work clear?
i want you to send ten dollars from bank of america to capital one
pull up list
Lower the lights
My card rejected a cash withdrawal. Why?
give me the opening stock price of sony
How do I unblock my card?
i want to pay my cable bill directly from my checking account
how much can i expect to receive if i trade in 6 yens
There is an odd payment in my statement
what is the current song
Is there a few for exchanging foreign currencies?
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at carrabbas for heather
when did mount saint helens last erupt
when should i replace my tires next, if i replaced them on january 15, 2018
In my app, a direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
speak as loud as you can
set an alarm for 12
Tweet my current location.
if i travel to the uk do i need any shots
How can I fix my card, it got declined twice.
tell me that one more time please.
What's going on with ....
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Pls it's urgent
what is the seattle city council doing about homelessness
call rta and book a taxi for three o'clock in the morning
My cash deposit isn't in my account. What happened?
Can I get a new card?
i wanna confirm my reservation for 2/20 at 8 pm
how ya doin
i would like my to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
open jazz
What can I expect if I use bank transfer to top up my account?
order one pizza from pizza hut
what is the rate for 500 cad in usd
i need to know the number of calories on average in a handful of pistachios
is it possible to drive now in ohio
tag you're it
Can you lookup my password?
would you further rephrase me about your words.
can you transfer $5 from savings to checking
what time have you set the alarm
get a hold of sue
I've been to several different countries, can I exchange the cash with a discount for a large transaction?
change the color of my lights to something random
do i have a new email from sandy
how many day of my vacation are left for the year
Transfer was declined.
If my phone is missing, can I block someone from using the app?
I would like my PDA to Feed and Pet my dog when I'm not home
on my big project task list please add paint shutters in spring
how long until my cereal is ruined
Should I order a new card before I freeze my original one?
I see a payment on my statement for  a place I didn't make a purchase at.
Why wouldn't the ATM give me my money?
Where do your cards get delivered to?
i'd like to hear the last one again.
you rock, musch appreciated.
I have gone through my statements and noticed there is a large payment that I did not make. Can i still dispute the payment? its been a while
can you pull up jeff
what are the carry-on restrictions for frontier airlines
How can I get my money back for a payment i didnt make
what is the birthday of hemingway
i am sorry but i think you've gottten it not right.
call macy
cancel my reservation with carl at umami
could you please confirm what i just said.
what you have said is not so clear.
can i make a reservation for 2 at state bird for 8:30
What's up with the extra fee I got?
alarm time for 12pm
olly will you cancel it.
set a new alarm for that time
can you play my latest audio book
does restaurant has home delivery
Clear item 4
please tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic narendra modi
are there any holiday's comming up
i want to know how do i schedule a meeting
Start a conversation with me about sports
when taking a flight with lion to singapore, how many carry ons are allowed
s2, i couldn't get the last sentence.
Alexa, please delete all appointments for today
I am having trouble with the app recognizing me.
fly me from pit to pdx on delta for under $300
I need assistance with transferring funds to another account.
It's coffee time
I need my card to be delivered fast
I need to reset my passcode. How do I do it?
s1, would you clarify this again.
Can I change my PIN online?
thanks for asssistance.
My job requires me to do a lot of exchanging currency, and I was wondering about any possible discounts or lower prices.
please play program on xmtune
please try what you've just said again.
i wouldn't really care.
How long will my payment be pending?
My card has been lost / stolen
need some good dinner ideas
time to order and receive a new credit card
could you check question.
do you have different kinds of pets
please cancel that last task
what events are scheduled this week
i need to know how to get to target by bus
am i due for an oil change yet
how is it possible that my account has been frozen
lower my music player volume by fifty percent of its current level
uh no, i think not right response.
play favorited podcasts on fishing
what time is my alarm set for
what does pda mean
Do not play this song again
do i have any updates about my credit card application
email my favourite contacts
how long does it take to get to spago's in los angeles
My account got charged for taking out cash, why did this happen?
Is the identity check part of bank policy?
whens my insurance due and how much does it cost
whats a good place to eat around midtown new york
Some cash shows up on my app.
ggg
what type of gas does my car use
get me up in half an hour
The receipient doesn't see my money transfer.
I had to pay a fee when buying items with my card.
How many disposable cards per person?
send the location i'm at with martin
get me the apr on my visa card
start the robot roomba
how long before i neet to get my oil changed
How can I tell if my top-up has been cancelled?
How much time to cook pasta?
what currencies can i exchange between on your app?
how do i go about resolving my luggage that didn't arrive
can we please lower the lights
tell me if luigis in brick takes reservations
what do i need to gas up this car
it's useful,, olly.
how do i check my rewards for my old navy card
is the phone bill the same as last month
I notice that I have a card payment that's been cancelled.
mute all responses now
the dice need to be rolled
please indicate the opening price of fra stock
How do I to up by card?
come again with that
can you tell me what your refer to me as
have any emails come in since four hundred today
ai, what do people call you
my bank needs to be aware of my trip to spain
connect me to bob
tweet complaint to customer care
give me more information about the scheduled event on the 30th of march alexa
can you continue audiobook the circle
hey does that restaurant have takeout
can you schedule a meeting at 10 am tomorrow with john smith
does this restaurant deliver
slightly raise the light
set to mute
for under 700 i need a flight from denver international to new york international on the 3rd
Tweet for me the compalint about excess water evacuation
I purchased something about one to two weeks ago but for some reason the payment was returned to my account today even though I've already received one of the items. Can you tell me what's going on?
How do I deposit cash into my account?
clear my nine am alarms
If my card is going to expire this month, do I need to order a new one?
Add a wrist watch to the shopping list
what do my federal taxes look like
i did not get any money but still was charged
tell me the routing number for my wf account
i'd like to hear my workout playlist
What day of the week is the 25th?
When will my transfer move from pending to confirmed?
I need several disposable cards made per day.
Why can't I use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account?
let us try again please.
On my grocery list, please add oranges.
I had to pay a pound more than I anticipated!
Why was my top-up unsuccessful?
ai, coin flip
how many kids jackie chan does have
can you slow down your rate of speech
i need to know why you declined my card yesterday
oops cancel that
what year were you born
How much would it cost me for a bank transfer to top up my account?
I'm interested in what your exchange rates are based on.
is there any salon in babaji nagar
schedule an alarm to wake me up after three hours
I hate this company! Can you delete my account?
that's useful, thank you very much.
what is happening this weekend
what is name of the song currently playing
Clear all my calendar events
What is the strange cash withdrawal on my statement?
can you text kayla and tell them im running late
I'm still waiting for my card.
delete {item} from list
Are there any reasons that my identity wouldn't be accepted even though everything I've provided is factual?
what day is it tomorrow
replay the last utterance said.
Where is my virtual card?
i'd like to see if there's a travel alert for the country
i need assistance with my lost luggage, i was on american airlines ab123 out of talahasse
any one would be okay, olly.
play book
do you know any greek dishes i could make for dinner
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
find local shops
when is bank holiday
have no idea for which to select.
ordering food
remove alarm
I transferred money but the recipient says it has not arrived. Why would this be?
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
Give me the top-rated movie in my area
mention the list
Can you list off the top ten singles this week?
What do I owe for a new card?
can i safely travel to brazil
Tell me the traffic condition from here to home.
ai can you tell me what things i may ask
I would like to have a physical card to carry around and use. How can I get one?
all lights has to be turned off during the day
it was great chatting with you
I received less cash than the amount I specified in the ATM.
add this event with this people
I was charged a fee with my cash withdrawal that I shouldn't have been charged.
new pop music
this was not what i wanted.
There was a fee charged when I paid with my card.
what was last sent to me in my social media feed
I want to know the timings of trains going to Delhi.
i want to know how to get to statue of liberty by bus
Play the song immediately.
Where can the card be used?
Send a snotty tweet to BBC
what is the apr rate on my bank of america card
is there any good chinese takeout that's open late
I have a duplicate charge
thanks but i think got me incorrectly.
what interest rate am i getting currently from oak bank
find repair shop that will diagnosis dead car battery
what lists are open
can you tell me some tricks and tips i can use to see an increase in my credit score
please read new emails
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct command.
I want a refund, but I haven't received the item yet. Can I cancel it and get my funds back? How do I do that.
what is the amount of money that i have to pay in taxes
remind me of how days i had off so far for the year
There's a duplicate charge on my account?
who's playing this
Reply to Sarah's email.
Payment did not process
How long do transfers need to come through? I sent some money to a friend, she needs it urgently, but seems it's still not there yet after a couple hours.
please check and tell me where is the location of toms new business
what's the latest news on donald trump
s2, i was not clear about it.
open my new emails
How can I fix my bank transfer to show up on my bank account?
how warm is it right now outside?
add email address iamironman@gmail dot com
I need to know where do my funds come from
put fan on
delete next event
please remind me of the tasks on my to do list
has my amex application gone through yet
i want to find a new united healthcare plan to get on
Can my friends send me money?
start over the book legacy
what is going on in me area today
I want to cancel a purchase
Is there a topping up limit?
tea shop
i want to thank you for helping
Give me the stock price of Berkshire Hathaway
Why am I having trouble verifying my id?
make it brighter in here please
My card needs to be topped up.
Can i choose a specific delivery date?
I would like to change the the PIN on my card.
please help me report my lost card
can you check if i've added an item to throw out the carcasses on my todo list
tell me how the russians say notebook
send mike my exact location
I have a withdrawal waiting to go through.
create new contact with email
um, i'm not quite sure
Explain pending transactions.
how to solve this math problem
please tell me the subway station nearest to madison square garden in new york
latest tweets
i want to hear again.
I need to send an email to Bob
what does a baguette look like
how much later is new york than L.A.?
I want a backup second card. Is this possible?
I don't think I should have been charged a fee to use my card.
I never want to hear that song again
What are the show timings?
How do I delete my account now
Please turn off the light
Are there any limits on where I can use my card?
how many legs does a dog have
Please play a song by Bruno Mars.
How do I use my card if I lost my phone?
is there any grocery nearby
go ahead and increase the volume to 4 please
what ingredients are necessary for a steak
i need to hear your last things again.
does my amex card use international transaction fees
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but wasn't able to. Is my card working okay? It's the first time I tried using it.
It would be great to dinner in this new opened restaurant downtown
i want you to call me a different name so can you call me charchar
The app isn't letting me log in, but my info is correct.
Verify top-up card help?
please transfer $100 from my checking to my savings account
new list
I would like to receive a few more physical cards.
where can i get my w2 from for tax reasons
What are the lyrics to the song I will always love you, by Dolly Parton?
how tall is Mel Gibson
Olly, what's the weather like for the next week in chicago
Do I have any more emails?
post the following status to facebook
My purchases from this morning still have pending payments.
disable smart socket
could you shut off please.
i would not mind to select any one.
Could you tell me why my top up isn't showing in my wallet?
What list is available for my favorite music from Ed Sheeran
yeah fantastic response to command.
I would like some more physical cards, what is my limit?
What is my current time
What are the requirements to verify my identity?
my card has purchases i don't recognize
Email co worker about work project
Please let me know what currency I can use to top up my account?
Please read me headlines from Washington Post
can you cancel improv class from my calendar for may 7th
How often do you complete updates?
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
Why can't I see my top up?
can you assist me rolling over a 401k for a new job
i need a hotel in austin near south congress from 3/5 until 3/10
How is the traffic?
how many calories in this slice of pizza
check list
can you please check command.
The card I have doesn't work.
Why are you charging for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after getting my groceries, and it appears there is a fee that wasn't there before
I need a disposable virtual card, how do I get one?
free home delivery
define god
joke please
what kind of insurance plan am i enrolled in, please
i like my PDA to show me images or graphics.
show current track in music player
you must increase the volume to 4 please
do you have a traffic update
Hi, I have been transferring money to my friends since morning, but all my transactions were getting failed. Can you please look into this issue.
suggest a meal from thailand to me, please
Olly, i had a long, hard day.
Please tell me about disposable cards.
i need to apply for a bank of america travel rewards credit card
please stop talking so fast
what movies are playing in columbia
where are you from if i may ask
Card delivery services? Where?
I need to exchange some foreign currency. What's the charge for doing that?
increase the light a little
what is tomorrow's alarm time set to
stop, that is not the right response.
Make coffee at three.
please recommend a movie
Have a payment that I haven't done.
can you multiply 45 by 23
please open a reply to the email
search the contact
check my facebook notification
Would you own a dog if you were able to?
what time is my package getting here
please put watering the plants on my to do list
i am sorry but i think it's not the correct answer.
book my train ticket from las vegas to los angeles
do you know any jokes
Why is there a fee when I thought there would be no fees?
Why was I chaged twice for the same thing?
do they take reservations at outback steakhouse
what are some local events.
you need to connect to my phone
How do I order a replacement for stolen card?
i have had pasta in the fridge since monday, can is till consume it
please raise the lights to max
list events nearby new york
How many top-ups am I allowed to do?
find new email
i need a ticket on the train to new york city tomorrow
Am I allowed to use different currencies?
did mom text me
play me the playlist entitled jazz
I want all my events deleted.
Did I add milk to the shopping list?
What are the steps for changing my passcode?
Could you speak up?
Remove birthday event from my calendar
please verify my reservation for john at bardenay
will you confirm that please.
Hello. How do i go about getting a refund of an item i bought ? I want to cancel the payment since i have not received the item yet.
whatever will be ok for me.
please recommend a restaurant in seattle
how do i ask for a limit increase on my discover card
oops, i think that was not the right command.
Provide what is there on the list
Find a recipe for German chocolate cake.
One of my transactions needs to be canceled.
I was charged two times for the same thing.
open the contact alex in phonebook
Resume mind reading book.
What does it mean by pending payment?
clarify once again to me please.
say a fun fact about mt everest
I was trying to use my card and it was declined, when I tried to find out what happened I found cash withdraw for $500 that I didn't do.  Can you please help figure this out?
Please remove a list
Why did my money disappear when I topped up??
set a reminder for two days prior of the event
How can I lookup where funds came from?
For some reason my account's been charged an extra dollar.
Turn on a song
any one would be fine.
I just saw the exchange rate you use, but it's so bad that I can't believe that it's the official interbank exchange rate! Is this truly the official interbank exchange rate?
What are the fees for using a European bank card?
that is erroneous
A direct debit appears in the app but I didn't authorize it.
remind my meetings
how should i spell malignant
can you tell me the address where i am right now
where is the pharmacy in leavenworth
can you tell me the low tonight
show me the time
i need what ingredients for meatloaf
i need to hear the last phrase said again.
strongly agree.
what exhibits or shows are scheduled at the metropolitan theater
can you roll a 4 sided dice
Check outlook
i need to know if i have meetings from 3 to 6 pm
have an alarm wake me at 10:30 am
please turn on the smart socket
that is right.
I lost my wallet and all my cards were in it.
How people are thinking in such a manner that they can hide everything from God
tell me the date
Where can I use my card to pay?
i need to confirm all meetings for today, can the invite person
it's helpful, appreciated, olly.
which company can i credit your design to
when is my train coming
give me the current time
what is the current time right now
A refund is taking too long.
where is the nearest olive garden
I could not transfer to a beneficiary
Please remind me about the 11am business meet
does delta have any restrictions for what i can carry on
where do most celebrities hang out
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working on my device?
i wanna play the song that goes like hey jude don't make it bad
can i use sugar instead of salt
onpay gives you two convenient ways to pay your employees
Start playing Ringcast
remove all my appointments for today
What movie should I see?
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan.
What does formidable mean?
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or try an alternative
love me some brad paisley
your response was not clear.
what will i need to make lasagna
is my gas tank full
Download the latest folk songs having rating of 4 star or above and play all without shuffle.
please continue with the next podcast episode
When is the next train to B street?
negative
Can you help me figure out what's happening? I'm trying to transfer money to a friend but it keeps getting returned. I'm not sure what i'm doing wrong.
this song is composed by whom?
i don't have checks so can i order some new ones
Why did I get charged a fee, I thought it was free?
please check what said.
Is my card broken?
hey order a pizza pie with extra cheese
please give me some ideas of fun tourist activities to do while i am in paris
olly cancel yoga alarms
how often should i change the oil
find details about usa
check to see if pizza hut has my order on the way
please reduce the speaker volume
convert the american dollar to the euro
not at all
What's the limit on automatic top-up?
Is this week trash pickup week?
increase lighting
how long until i get a replacement card
app malfunctioning, does not know its me
If I find a card I lost do I need to dispose of it? Or can I re-active the card and continue to use it?
could you check that.
s1, will you further explain.
im not sure
make the settings go back to the original
will i need a visa to visit ireland
set mute for twenty minutes
Set and event for the 15th of every month to remind me to pay my internet bill.
To listen music
NEXT WEEK MY UNCLE BIRTHDAY
would you please check to see if i've set my alarm for tomorrow morning
can you share my location with my girlfriends
start from last time on my audio book
Is the card welcomed by everybody?
Hello, I trying to top up with my card today but it didn't work. When I tried last time it worked but today it isn't. Could you take a look at it for me?
make a meeting with friend
grubhub order
Go to Rock music
I checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller I didn't approve of. Can you help me understand?
Why was I charged a fee? I thought shopping was free?
I found the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
I don't recognize this payment on my app, I am sure I didn't spend any money there.
This transaction needs both a Visa and a Mastercard.
Why are there so many fees on my statement?
instruct me to cook
can i get the routing number for sunflower bank
how many calories in chicken
set the music volume to ninety
it could be either
thank you so much for answers.
how is the traffic from home to work
I made a deposit but it is not showing up in my balance.
i love anything by elton john
when did mount saint helens last erupt
it's useful, thank you so much.
which types of vaccinations are required when leaving the united states
who are they that you work for
s1, please again elaborate me about your answer.
could you explain the meaning of exorbitant for me please
Can I reset my PIN?
translate hello into french for me
Can I choose when my card is delivered?
play by favorite radio station
how much do i spend going out to eat
What can I do to make my physical card work?
2 weeks ago I ordered my new card.  It isn't here.  What should I do?
What is the status of my card's delivery?
yeap got that right.
i need for you to play my maroon 5 playlist
accident or normal traffic
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub and set it to be delivered at five pm tonight
How can I receive my salary with a different currency?
how long until i my card expires
How long with my cash withdrawal stay pending for?
I would like a cheeseburger.
please order me lo mein and egg rolls from panda express now
start roomba
who's emailed me recently
wouldn't mind to select any one, olly.
every wednesday night at five pm remind me to meet phil
Please book the 5pm train to Rockville.
convert new york time to london
There was a problem with the exchange rate on a purchase.
i want to hear what you have said again.
I need assistance activating my card?
What time will a transfer from the US take?
Just let me know tomorrows weather
what pets are with you
tell me when my flight will land
start the smart plug
My husband and I went out for our weekly "dinner and a movie," and it was my turn to pick up the check. Now I see that my card was charged twice. Who should I contact about negating the second charge and getting my card credited?
list my todo list items
Give me news from CNN.
the ingredients in pizza are which ones
please roll dice
Turn my lights to some random color.
I've been waiting for 3 days, why is my withdrawal still pending?
Turn the sound off.
for today only, how many meetings are with jake
can you book a train ticket for my father
set up a reminder that i need to pay my car ins the 23rd
how many days before milk expire
I would like to revert a transaction I did this morning
Inform me about meetings.
add apahelp@yahoo dot com to my contacts
hello there ai
How many reminders do I have made?
My card hasn't been working when I try to use it.
do i have anything planned for today
What fiat currencies can I use for holding and exchanging?
what do i have planned for tomorrow
where are rewards from my visa card visible
what does session mean
raise living room lights half way
save my contacts
color of light should be dimmed bright.
Can you tell me why my card payment was cancelled?
Bing news
how's my gasoline how much do i have left
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to soccer practice on Friday, April 21st at 1190 Whale Avenue, New York, NY, 11292.
oh no, you gave me not right information.
I couldnt transfer money from my account.
Is there a reason why my transaction is taking so long?
would you tell me my routing number
I purchased something abroad and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
what is the my upcoming events?
What is the factorial of (9/3)?
It will be fine to use at any establishment that accepts Mastercard.
tell me a good doctor joke
i want to report fraudulent activity on my navy federal card
I want a virtual card that is disposable
Why isn't my id verified?
What is a mango?
what is the eta of my flight
Where did this 1 euro fee come from?
My top up has been pending for an hour already, and I really need this to go through as soon as possible.  Can you help?
At what age Michael Phelps got married?
how many euro will i get for ten dollars
will you add mopping to my to do list please
I know I'm getting a new card but would like know when I can expect to receive it.
What is the maximum top up?
how do i convert a cup to ml
I tried to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared!
When is the party this weekend?
reduce the lights
whats the weeks forecast
Find the sum of 13 and 14.
play last reason podcast
how miles does it take to get to red lobster from my current location
add this person's email
akon
My card got lost.
Do you want to play solitaire
what is justin bieber's birthday?
My card has been compromised. I see a bunch of online shopping charges that I didn't make. I need to freeze it immediately.
google train tickets to washington dc
spell potato
i need a recipe for beef
I wasn't allowed to transfer to my account
Why isn't the transfer on my account showing up?
are there any transaction fees associated with my amex card if i am in belgium
from january to august, i will be in uruguay, please let me bank know
how often do you complete updates
how do i put in for vacation
please talk quietly
By calling my friends
remove books from list
I'm wanting to get a Visa card today.
What currencies can I hold money in?
show me where i am on the map
Can I obtained a Visa Card
can you tell me if i have paper towels on my shopping list
las vegas is in what timezone
turn off my smart plug socket
Olly, alert me at ten a.m., please.
what is the next holiday on the calendar
Play the podcast named Ringcast
access my checking account and update my pin to 1234
get contact
Am I able to open an account for my children?
can i substitute milk for almond milk
is today a sunscreen day
will you please once again explain.
What does word mean?
how much air are in my tires
what actions do i take to change a car's oil
order me postmates of mcdonald
is there a way to get a larger limit on my bank of america card
I'm expecting a large refund from a store I returned merchandise to recently.  They say they have sent the money but I don't see it in my account, can you help.
would you shut off.
Remind me that I have a birthday party on the thirtieth.
Am I able to use Apple Pay?
ai, where do i go to order checks for my usbank account
Why should I have to prove my identity?
Why did I only receive a partial amount of what I tried to withdraw?
has any mail received with an attachment
do you think you are a bot
how long should i cook carnitas for
i'd like to know where you're from
call a uber in thirty minutes
did i remember to add buy flowers to my chore list today
what do they have going on at young circle this week
s1, would you please explain me about that again.
when will my next paycheck be
make a new list of dog breeds
does this restaurant only do carryout
book a taxi to go to the movies at one
There is a direct debit charge on my account that is not mine.
call rta and book a taxi for three o'clock in the morning
Can you explain why I am now getting charged a fee for using my card?
go ahead and flip a coin, i am calling tails
I accidentally chose to exchange GBP, but I need to pick AUD. How can I change it?
add rice on the list
who created you
please give me the full balance on my water bill
How much does it cost to exchange currencies?
turn the lights up
please will you clarify me more on that.
What would the age limit be?
how many kilograms is two hundred and ten pounds
please would you confirm my last question.
is euro the best currency to trade
i have a meeting tomorrow morning at ten please remind me
it is important that i call katie
play the latest games
start radio station one oh seven point five fm
book an uber to pick me up now
Why is it failing to top-up?
Why is my identity not verified?
Is there a reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
reserve the closest uber
Why does it matter that I prove my identity?
Hi, I want to order fried chick with white sauce
do you know what this song is
What is the age limit?
is there an option to change the language
what time can i expect to be seated at this restaurant
make me a cooled coffee
how do i ascertain when my next insurance payment will be
PDA, explain how to set my coffee machine.
What was the temperature when I was in the park?
Is there a longer processing time for international bank transfers?
can i hear the song after this one
check any emai if i got from rohan.
an unauthorized transactions has been made on my gap card and i need to report it
how do i book a train ticket online
play jumper by third eye blind
is there a charge to use my card in croatia
during afternoon is there a meeting room to use
Do I have any new emails today?
show last mail from john
How do I input a new address?
what are my gps coordinates right now
start cleaning
i need a reminder alarm at one
will it be good to buy nike stock today
is the resataurant busy at 5:00 pm
set a time to get my oil changed
what if i lost my luggage
perhaps
can you give me some suggestions to go site seeing when i get there
Remind me tomorrow at 4 about an event
i think it's not the correct command.
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
Convert GMT to IST.
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
where can i see money source?
search jack in contacts
delete my next scheduled event please
What will my exchange rate be?
who is the person responsible for creating you
repeat that again
let me know about upcoming events
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
What is the time 9 AM CST in EST
add a item
What are these disposable virtual cards all about?
I did not receive all of my cash back
I put my check in the bank, but I haven't gotten my cash yet?
Cancelling a transaction
good bye
tell me if five hundred and forty is subtracted seven time by twenty eight
i would not know, olly.
what time is it in this city
what chinese restaurants are in my area
do i have any birthdays on my todo list
unmute after
PDA, how do you zest a lime without a zester?
turn off the living room light
When I'm traveling is it possible to add money automatically at certain time points?
What countries do you do business in?
tell me about this person
I'm not familiar with a card payment.
Does John's pizza have takeaway
is there traffic on dove road
What is the price for an additional card?
how long do i put the casserole in
Start the audiobook file for where I left off in A Tale of Two Cities.
What is this extra pound charge for?
if you had to choose, cat or dog
tell me the calorie content of an apple
Alarm me at 8 AM.
how do i get to starbucks
I was charged a fee when making this transfer, and I don't think I should have been!
list things on my list
My transfer didn't work! Help!
Become a helicopter
what's my bank of america account getting in interest
Find a good recipe for steak.
how long will it take for my transfer to stop pending
I think someone may have cloned my card or something.  My card isn't lost but I just saw a charge of $500 cash withdraw.  Can you help me?
Turn up the volume on my speakers.
i need to know my cars mpg
tell me what's on my shopping list
I would like to move money from one account to another to top off my account. Can you explain how I can do that?
Who's playing the oboe on this piece?
i think there's a fraudulent charge from mcdonald's on my account
what is the amount i owe to clay electric
skip and next
What time is it in Honolulu?
please read the last email for me
Play this song on 12am
answer the email
How much will be the world population after 20 years.
what meeting rooms are available for meeting 5pm friday
can i take food home here
Find tacos near my home
check for hot news in times of india.
What is the chance of rain today
Is it possible to top-up automatically?
could you clarify me on this once again please.
PLEASE TELL ME HOW MANY INVENTIONS DID THOMAS ALVA EDISON INVITE?
give me the exchange rate between <unk>
How much does it cost for additional cards?
forex rate of euro to usd
I transferred money and was charged and want to know why.
Has John replied to my Facebook post?
Check email from Amazon for Christmas shopping.
Convert 8 AM Manila time to New York time.
What did you do with my money??? I just topped up, I saw the money was there, but now it's gone!! What did you do with it?
what groups are listed in my contacts
How many other bands will be performing at the Zach Brown concert on June 3rd?
can you speak once again please.
how do i change my insurance policy
book a taxi for me
what movies has neil walker done
would you set up an alarm for me
thank you for your response, olly.
add toothpaste to my shopping list
when do i have to pay my electric bill by
I need to send a reply to Charlotte
ai, how are you doing
My money transfer has not arrived.
find me an asian restaurant
let us try that once again.
shazam this music
walk me through on how to make a vacation request
what does amicable mean
Is there a charge for top-ups?
Can I open an account for my offspring?
are you aware this joke
may you suggest a meal from italy to me
I would like some help getting a refund back from a seller. It still isn't showing up on my statement and I requested this a long time ago. I'm not sure why it's not returned yet. Can you assist me in getting this money back?
when will my eggs go bad
Just received a message that my transfer is not possible??  What is going on.  I have done this before with no issues.
how many notifications do i have on facebook
Can I set the account to auto top-up?
i got to remove fishing from my calendar for soccer
can you remind me of Sunday gym every Saturday evening
what is my location right now
change color of lights
please shut down.
read unchecked email
Can you explain your exchange rate policy? I don't think I received the correct amount of cash in my ATM transaction.
refer the stock price of hdfc
I see a direct debit charge that I did not approve
please change the wrong command.
weird things people want to know
how long does it take to replace a stolen credit card
replay that please.
look up the date for my next payday
When will the transaction go through?
what is the carry-on policy say for flights on delta airlines
Which are the games lined up for this weekend in the English Premier League?
are you 16 years old
go to the podcast and play the next episode in friends
Are you Visa or Mastercard?
I put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help me unblock it?
it is too dark in here increase the brightness of the lights
set the alarm in my calendar events before five mins
what are some steps to building my credit score
i believe that my car battery has died, what do i do next
I seem to be unable to make any transactions.
tell me my to-do list
is the a reason why my transfer has failed?
i need to know what it is that i wanted to remember before
Can I activate my card?
what are you interested in
it was great to talk to you
i need to know again
hey what's a book
does not really matter, olly.
There is a payment I don't recognise!
My card was declined and I did not receive money from the ATM earlier, yet it show on my account that it is pending.
play nine hundred and seventy one
What is the title of this song?
I am having a huge problem with my card being declined and it's really important that I top-up today.  Would you please look into this further and let me know how I can get this fixed?
i cup of joe would be nice right now
whats the meaning of life
get rid of peas
tell me what is on my grocery list for this week
how much will i have to pay in colorado taxes
Show me the current traffic nearby me
olly would you please shut down.
change the light color to red
The amount of cash I received did not match the amount I requested
i don't know anything about that
Add an event at 123 mainstream way for wednesday morning
has flight dl123 landed
quiet on
what did i spend at target on my barclays card last month
ai, cancel that last request
The exchange rate for my withdrawal isn't correct and doesn't match the actual exchange rate.
Turn the lights up
what's the best way to build credit
get me up at eight am
whats my bank accounts look like
what is the name of the place you work at
How do I order a new card if my current one is about to expire?
I don't want the item, I bought it on accident, can I get a refund?
is now a good time to sell some euros
Please tell me the date
can you create new list for me
Hey, I attempted to top up my card today and for some reason it didn't work. When I did it the other way it worked just fine. Could you help me figure out why this is happening please?
My card is expiring shortly.  How much will it cost for a replacement, and how soon can I get it?
Why didn't my transfer work?
Play madonnas like a virgin
which contact haven't I called in 12 months?
Set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at 5:00PM
Why was my virtual card declined when attempting to setup automatic billing?
what kinds of things would you be able to help me with
remove cheese from my list
thank you for completing it, olly.
dim the lights down a bit
read email
Refresh Email inbox
about how long should you cook a 10 pound turkey
turn on vacuum
What methods can I use to add money to my account?
what is the date tomorrow, please
what date is the next day i get paid
I expected a higher exchange rate when I withdrew money. Can you tell me current exchange rates?
Why is there extra cash in my account?
Why am I getting double charged for multiple transactions?
take it in hand
delete all events and content from my calendar
create a reminder for meeting
reply to the latest email
i do not bother.
help me get my w-2 form
what is the expiration month and year on my credit car
how much money have i spent on fast food lately
add light
let me hear my slow songs
ted talks
look up the word snafu
by proper formula
i want to order some takeaway food
doesn't matter, olly.
what is price of dollar
add contacts n mail
will you retry it please.
could you speak what said once more please.
please correct the command.
what can i do to maintain good credit
nope, it's not the correct command.
i need assistance scheduling a meeting
what month does my card stop working
There is a payment that is not mine in the app.  Please advise/
dim the lights please
which songs do i listen to most
I must change my address.
add new songs to playlist
Do you have any idea on when I will receive my refund? I got my statement and it was not there.
Good evening
could you check and confirm my last instruction.
alexa add monas wedding even to my calendar for tuesday
the twenty second is on what day of the week
Would I be charged for exchanging currencies?
is my order at domino's ready
please explain space
let me hear a joke
Are cards available to those outside of the UK?
is it going to snow
I want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in California.
What do I need to do to receive my payroll in the account?
Give the Definition of Motivation
Open calendar, add event, meeting, invite Bill, Malinda
please raise the volume to 4
my card didn't go through when i was buying a case of water at walmart
Open Pandora and search for a classic rock station.
play the romanitc songs
is the road a free way or a toll road
how long should i bake a cake
What did JLO do today?
I am having difficulties to verify my identity.
set a remainder for 12 pm for lunch
I think my top up has been reverted
Turn on the light'socket
check if there's a hotel room that can receive 10 people in tampa from this friday for a week
What kind of costs are involved for exchanging currency?
I am concerned about the security in my account and would like to make a dispute.
Does a US transfer take long
i am going to need help paying my rent bill
how exactly do i find my credit score
In regards to my card payment, the exchange rate is incorrect.
Why was a fee charged to me for transferring money?
i don't need the shopping list delete it
How are my stocks doing today?
I think my card is being used by someone else to make purchases that I didn't authorize! I checked my account and see that there have been quite a few purchases over the last two days that I have no idea where they came from. We need to freeze my card now! And I need to find a way to get my money back.
hey, have you approved my vacation time yet
thanks for answer, olly.
tell me a good doctor joke
you have gotten this incorrectly.
its hot today?
What do I do if I think someone has used my card?
What will the weather be like this week?
Please play (specific station) radio station
If it's 5 am in Berlin, what time is it here?
I would like to change my pin.
show me the directions to the closest starbucks
you need all five answers
that fee should not be there, you charged my cash for an unnecessary thing.
does the uk require a travel visa
play hip hop playlist
I need to transfer money into my account, and I don't know how to do that.
status of take away
how do I ask for a physical card?
I did not get enough cash
Can you help me with proving my identity?
When will I receive the cash payment from the check I deposited?
can you tweet lif about their app crashing
make sure to put extra paint on the list
Is there a fee for sending additional cards?
whats the date today
favourite podcast
Can you tell me the times the train leaves for Chicago?
which teams are playing today in the premier league
I hope we could eat biscuits
i appreciate it, it's good, olly.
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
could you check if my order has been delivered, please
tell me the weather in utah
list the lists i have
remove item three
can you brighten up the lights please
what are today's highlights from facebook
sorry but you did not get answer right.
show me all scheduled alarms
can you please turn off the wemo plug socket
is the ride short to the airport in la
i have not received my card
I need a reminder at 2:00 every day to check on my mother.
Can I transfer money to my credit card?
do i have any alarms for tomorrow morning
Why won't the machine accept my card anymore?
I purchased this item and would like a refund
i think the response was incorrect.
how can i build up my credit score
are you sure i don’t think that’s correct
Why hasn't my account updated to reflect my current balance?
can you answer all types of questions
show my my minimum payment for youtube
i must know when should i get my oil changed next
My card is about to expire. How much does it cost to order a new one and how fast will I get it?
can you set alarm for me
sound off
I have to be in hawaii for this upcoming event, can you add this?
I think my card payment has been refunded
Can I reactivate a card I thought I lost?
how do i properly give my car a jump
Olly, please list the best clothing shops near me.
Can I transfer money to my credit card?
Could you please yell the answer out to me?
Turn on the robot vacuum.
could you speak that once more.
s2, don't understand that.
puzzles and games app
i want you to mute
can i get a physical card online
I wrote a check to the account yesterday to add to my balance, but I don't see the amount of the check reflected anywhere.  Is it being held up for some reason?  I should have seen a new balance by now!
Switch lights to dim red, we bout to get frisky in here.
are my state tax payments too high
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
can you tell me where the nearest rest station to me is
what trains are available
can you share some trivia with me about us history
erase my grocery list
check the interest rate on my savings account
send this email to reply to the latest emails
open podcast by the young turks
please say one more time again.
Play music from Party playlist
i want you to check what i just said please.
Complain to Target about how I was treated in the store.
you need to set alarm for me
Hi,  My money has not been credited to my account for which i have sent you cheque few days before. I am worried about the money please let me know the status.
turn the security light off
what's the typical wait time at red lobster
what time is the last train headed to chicago
Load up Dr. Demento and play it by my bed.
It says "pending payment?" Why is it saying this?
Go the the station FM 96.5
I tried using a check to update my balance, but it isn't work? Is something wrong?
turn lights to green
I did not get my virtual card yet, Why?
any one will be okay with me, olly.
I can't transfer any money from my account to my friend's account, it keeps rejecting it. Can you tell me why? I have enough funds in my account to transfer.
I would like to top up my account with a bank transfer, is that allowed?
can you freeze my account, please
please turn your volume up
Tweet to McDonalds saying that I found a hair in their burger.
could you stop please.
have i got new content in my twitter feed
For physical cards, do you charge?
Tell me about the vote on healthcare
shut off the socket
When is my mortgage due?
i want you to play the next song
can you freeze my bank account
What should I do if my card doesn't work?
How can I get a disposable virtual card?
What is my most played song?
have any emails come in since four hundred today
Check the the dish price and all.
set reminder notification for three o'clock
i need to know my reward point total looking at my debit card
where should i travel if i want to visit some history museums
The app won't let me top up my account
What is the 5 days forecast looking like in New York City?
can you please further explain me about that.
please will you clarify me more on it.
Play only classical music
can you please check and confirm last thing said.
please repeat that music again of akon
look for travel alerts for china
I want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at 1pm today.
tell me some trivia about sweat
what happens to the funds if a merchant refuses the payment
what do you get when you roll a dice with five sides
please cancel the last input
i wanna hear something cool about bees
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
bring up lights
Where can I link a new card?
My transfer to beneficiary didn't go through
tell me about mary s. in my contacts
I would like to hear Heathens by Twenty one Pilots.
pls turn on my door lock
silent
i want to order a takeaway from papa john's
Is it colder than yesterday?
I want to listen to the Bob and tom show
mute sound
i wanna know how busy denny's is at 5 am
please tell me the time
How can I exchange AUD for GBP?
The machine gave me the wrong amount of cash.
why was a transfer declined
ai, what can i call you
please hold for the next hour
I will attend Lily's Wedding next week with my boyfriend, please add it to my calendar
create a new to do list
I tried to make a withdrawal from the ATM, but it was cancelled.
So, I tried topping up my card for the today. Unfortunately, it failed. A couple of days back I used it and it works fine. Can you double check and tell me what's going on?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working correctly?
I want to remove the grocery list.
add 7 rings to my pop playlist
will my debit card go bad any time soon
give me low lighting in the kitchen
that's fantastic, musch appreciated, olly.
how much did i spend on movies last week
robot via Bluetooth-enabled devices
what is next in my calendar
When can I expect the transfer to arrive in my account?
tell me the exchange rate of ten dollar to euro
Call Yellow Cab
play me a random audio book that has to do with love
When will I get my new card?
Define diverse?
I cant prove who I am
i need to know when should i get my oil changed next
Play NPR Podcast
i am not so clear about that.
Set brightness to 50%
Is there a fee for paying by card?
What do i have on the schedule today from 12pm-2pm
I do not like these colours in the house
how do I get a disposable virtual card?
I want to talk about an order that I placed a long time ago and have yet to receive. I demand a refund due to lack of delivery of the product!  I refuse to pay for something I never got.
lights out
Who is the most popular American actress?
I've deposited a check in my account but the cash isn't showing as available.
Please book a train ticket from London to Manchester
please repeat the current song is being played
i am sorry but i think that was not the right response.
I purchased something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect.
what's the date of my next paycheck
What should I do to verify my identity?
no, i think wrong response.
How can I verify my top up?
Olly has mom sent me any emails?
can you make me a reservation for 4 pm on the 22nd at ruth's
what's going around in the world these days
what routing number does chase in michigan use
you did that perfectly.
May I change my PIN?
Can I give a second card for this account to my daughter?
I am in desperate need to transfer funds from another account that i have into this one, how do i do that?
can you get me a table for 4 at steve's
Fashion
I would like to get an account for my child.
Why has my card payment been reverted?
Add coffee to the grocery list
how many minutes should i set an alarm for this bake
update my list
that is wonderful, thank you very much, olly.
Where are the virtual cards?
set to mute
Why can't I withdraw money?
please delete this file
i want to be called mollie
yeap that's wonderful.
please mute the volume control
What is the reason a transfer shows as pending?
I can't get the card itself to work.
can i get the time
I transferred some money to a friend of mine who urgently needs some money right now. How long will it take to get to her?
How long does it take for transfers to process?  I sent funds to a friend, and she says that she has not yet received anything.
which one i don't know either i guess
Why are you charging me fees for using my card?
what kind of gas mileage does this car get when going through a city
what is the name you call me saved as
check all cab companies and get a time booked for three pm
find funny jokes
i wish this event to be removed from my calendar
how is the traffic situation in houston street
What should I do if someone else used my card?
can i increase the credit limit on my discover card
roll the die!
rate this song to the maximum
make the speaker volume on maximum
what is the linear equation
put shoes on my list
are you a real person or a bot
throw away my to do list please
I'm not able to verify my identity.
where is wells fargo's routing number listed
what is the time for the eastern time zone
Can you list out my meetings today?
Do you charge anything for topping up?
i have no idea for which to choose.
Where should I go for Mexican food in my area?
time in manhattan
What steps do I need to take to change my card PIN?
turn on sportsnet for hockey
i need a event to be created with only these people
YE SONG MERA FAVORITE HAI MAIN ESSE BAHUT BAAR SUN CHUKA HU.
Why do I have to verify my identity?
Is there a fee to exchange foreign money?
thank you for your help.
what is the name of the insurance plan i am enrolled in
when is john's birthday
Top-up is not working
So, I am in the middle of purchasing a flat. I need the money for the first mortgage payment and it is not going through. I keep receiving an error. Can you find out what's going on and help me complete this transfer?
what is the spending limit i have
what is the current time in cst
tell me the full name of my health plan
show me the recipe for broccoli cheddar soup
alexa give me everything you know about bob dean
i have just switched jobs and need assistance with my 401k rollover
i got to report fraudulent activity on my credit card
tune into the nearest english fm station
tell me the current time in san paulo brazil
what kind of fuel should i put in my car
At what time is the italian cafe closed between lunch and dinner?
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived?
Why is my top-up still pending?
How do I start an exchange between GBP and AUD?
olly i want you just stop it.
check stock prices on this
shit, this was not what i was looking for.
stop payments from my bank
set the volume to low
When can I expect my refund?
Is there a way to revert a transaction?
shut up!
eminem
There's a direct debit on my account that I didn't authorize
i need to know when i should change my tires
i have no idea for which to choose.
I have been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app won't work could you please help me?
I would like to be assisted with the activation of my card.
How can I receive money from my friend?
PDA can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour.
please put in an order from red thai fpr this evening
what are you capable of doing and answering
hey email jan about our meeting
excellent work, you've done well.
be my clock
i need interesting baseball trivia from the nineteen eighties
what is the financial capital of canada
My identity hasn't been verified.  Can I use my account?
will you let me know my bank balance
turn off the bathroom light
Can you tell me where  can change my PIN?
Play all my favorite songs
would you shut up please.
Olly, Do i need to wear gloves today?
have i earned points with my venture card, and how many
is it possible to book 10 people from monday to tuesday in manhattan
Does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
remove that item
why was my payment reverted on the app
i want you to confirm detail please.
correct, it is affirmative
What happens if I forget my PIN?
I want to talk about an order that I placed a long time ago and have yet to receive. I demand a refund due to lack of delivery of the product!  I refuse to pay for something I never got.
what's your hobbies
Do I get to have one of those virtual cards I've heard about?
set alarm for reminder
who you work for, please
How is the day outwards
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
clarify more on the last sentence please.
Abdul kalam president
PDA can you remind me to take the garbage out on Tuesday.
i can not quite catch up with you.
Ok Google, can you start 98.7
what year did george clooney start acting
How quickly can I transfer something to China?
elaborate me about your answers further.
I got topped up but the application reverted it.
turn on vacuum
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
kfi is my favorite rapper
sorry but this is wrong.
play YouTube playlist blank
can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in west philadelphia
When does my train leave?
Why do I have duplicate transactions for one purchase?
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal does not show up properly?
Send an email to c@emoteck.co
how do i get into my account and edit my details
tell me the number of vacation days i have stored
The expiration date on my card is very soon, and I need to get a new one.  What are the price and delivery options for my replacement card?
what ingredients does agor agor need
please create a new contact information about jo
I had made a transfer but its still pending.
I don't remember my passcode?
pull up the menu for the closest mexican restaurant
i wanna know where the w2 is
what's my health plan
What is the exchange rate of USD to CDN?
radio play nine hundred and eighty nine please
have no idea regarding to what to do.
Why is allowance not being given to my beneficiary?
Remove this from the list
it would be nice if you post status for me
How do I get a new card when my old one expires?
set a new alarm for that time
Explain the extra fee on my card when paying.
My funds are low, can I auto top up?
Why do you need to know so much about me for my account?
i sat on my credit card and broke it in half and need it replaced
Can you mute when I am not home?
it is not so clear to me.
what is it i wanted to bear in mind
What movie do you recommend tonight?
start me a new list
wouldn't know, olly.
what rewards does my gold card get
The refund on my account hasn't shown up
Why are you declining my payment? Everything was fine.
what is your biggest city?
Activate the robot vacuum
my card's magnetic strip is not working and i want to notify them
please set alarm at five pm
My top-up didn't go through; it still says pending. What's up with that?
How do i get my salary in the account?
start the poker game
book me a train for the next available train
i need to put my appointment for tomorrow on my calendar
is there any new email
play candy crush with me
I am bored, how about some small-talk
show me the answer for this problem two hundred and forty six plus six hundred and fifty four
wemo plug socket turn on
is taking out the trash on my to do list
how much of a credit limit does visa allow
define elaborate
book a train ticket on the five hundred and two in fifteen minutes
recent advice concerning google seo
would you please elaborate more on your response to me.
How bad is traffic this morning?
Any suggestions on a good time for an hour meeting this week?
turn up
how long will it take to be seated at the flying w
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
post my business on all my social media sites
Why am I charged to get money from the ATM?
what is happening tomorrow
rate this song to the maximum
do you know where the luggage for people on panam flight ab123 out of tuscon is
I'd like to cancel the trip to Vegas next week
how do i ask to have a vacation
excellent work, you have done well.
just to confirm you set the alarm to go off at eight hundred
What happened yesterday from 3pm to 4pm?
How do I link a new card to an existing one?
What methods can I use to add money to my account?
explain what GDP means
I see cash in my app but I did not get it.
I don't understand why you aren't accepting my transfer. After a couple times trying I'm still getting an error message.
Everything seems fine with my account, so why did it decline my payment?
when will i need to change my tires again
Are there any traffic delays?
I have a strange transaction on my account which appears to pertain to a cash withdrawal I made outside Nandos in Leeds.  What is that for?  Is it fraud?
i need to be cheered up right now can you tell me a good joke
Please delete my account. I am not happy with the service from your company.
tell me why relationships are so hard
please would you speak one more again.
how can i travel by bus to the grand canyon
is it okay to switch apples for grapes
What fiat currencies are used for holdings?
can you help me unblock my account
play all Third Day
yes, that is true
What do I do if my disposable virtual card doesn't work?
MAKE NEW SHCEDULE FOR TOMORROW MEETING
My statement has a dollar I have been charged showing up on it.
where is a walking trail near me
I want to set up an auto top-up
brighten the lamp next to the sofa
when is the electric bill due
are there any required shots to travel to astana
Ordered awhile back, what is the ETA in the US?
I would like to cancel my account.
really i wouldn't mind, olly.
play the next recording
Give a list of all appointments today post 3 p.m.
talk slower, please
I need help finding the verification code on the top up card.
What form of payments can I use for topping up?
Why isn't my ID being verified?
What are the steps for getting money from a friend?
play bhuli bisri yaadien program on 91.3 fm
i'm not sure
I want a card, but I'm not in the UK- can I get one still?
Is there a fee for transfer top-up?
How do I know it is a Mastercard ATM?
which type of pet would you rather possess, a cat or a dog
latest news feed from facebook
currency conversion of u. s. d. and eur
Can you please check why I am having this extra fee on my statement.
i can't change my oil and don't know what kind i need
I need to exchange between different currencies, like GBP and USD. Can I do that with your app?
can you figure out the meaning of life
How do I authenticate my top-up?
My card appears to have never arrived?
order me a byron from deliveroo
when should i pay my bill by
what do i have planned on 3/15
please roll the dice, ai
whats the exchange rates between USA and China
hi what is the hot topic in facebook
I was issued a new card a week ago but still haven't received it. How long will it be until I receive it?
Are there any veg restaurants in Phoenix?
how much did i spend on gas last week
make me a reminder about booking it
increase the volume of the speaker
ah that was great work.
what's the funniest joke you know
what's this car guzzle in gas when driving in town
How do you top-up using cash?
store my contacts
I'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me. Help!
how many stars does brasserie les halles have
Where do you support?
please set the alarm for eight pm wednesday evening
couldn't understand this.
order a pizza for me
what is needed for setting up direct deposit
I sent a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that no money has been put on my account. Can you please tell me the situation of my account?
what did you mean by it.
train times location
let me hear a joke
play sholay
post the living room lights on
schedule text messages for later
what time is the train to san francisco due
lets get a taxi
add lunch appointment with lisa to january second at twelve thirty pm
what's the interest rate for my checking account
i can't figure out why my card was declined at target
Do I pay a fee for SEPA transfers?
play my midnight love playlist
disable the first alarm
erase my next event
What's the fee for exchange of foreign currencies?
I'd like to get a refund for something I bought, is that possible?
SO CLEAN news in past 6 hours is what?
What should I do if I can't prove my identity.
what has my income been like
What does a transfer cost?
Tweet to OLX costumer service the next, I didn't receive my order number 1176
what is the calorie count in a cookie
Where am I able to use the card?
put fan on
An ATM machine didn't return my card.
Are there any discounts in exchanging currencies frequently?
Why hasn't my friend received the transaction?
you are helpful, appreciated.
Why are all my transfers failing?  I have the details right and they won't complete.  I've been trying all day and they still won't go through, this is URGENT, please help.
how much is the average house
please connect with my smart phone
erase my appointment on the twelfth from my calendar
let's decide with a coin flip
put the current song on repeat
olly please shut off.
play me a random audio book that has to do with love
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to jaisalmer
give me the most recent stuff you have angelina jolie
check and confirm the instruction please.
how much is the euro worth versus us dollar
Play 30 Seconds to Mars' new album.
tell me why was my card declined at the zoo
yeap you've done that right.
what'd you say
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE EXCHANGE RATE FOR USD TO INR
Olly, I have to tell you about my day.
I tried transferring to an account but it won't let me.
As advised by you, i requested seller to refund my money. A week has passed but i haven't got any update from seller. Please track the refund with the seller.
Do I have any reminders for today?
I am not seeing a refund in my statement.
what's the email address of silvia
what time would it be in rome right now
list all emails with subject contract
show me my credit score please
I didn't get the correct amount of money from the ATM machine
how much for a train ticket
What is the max I can top up?
volume control
i need to know what my credit score is
can you tell me what month it is
add what i am listening to to my road trip playlist
I bought an item and now I want a refund.
Is there a tracking number for the card?
are you actually a bot
mute sound from speakers
I don't understand the money transfer process.
hi google this song is too noisy
Do I have any new emails from...?
Clean up my schedule
Please set an event at 10 am one month and two days from now to have a garage sale at my house
what day is it today
what do you think is the meaning of life
I just made a transfer from France 2 days ago. It has not yet reached my bank. Is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer?
turn on the vacuum cleaner while i am gone
what is the exchange of euro to dollars
Remind me at 2 pm Tuesday for the 3 pm meeting with the boss.
are you able to play beatles songs
Turn out the lights
I mistook my pin and now I am locked.  Can you unlock me?
never mind, cancel that
all alarms
tell me what a workhouse is
I am very dissatisfied with the services that you are providing.  I want to cancel my account.
rename yourself to betty
Will I be able to track the card that was sent to me?
Get me the news from UC web
traffic
is bills cell phone number in my contacts
how long does oil last in a car
Do I have to verify my identity?
play the serial podcast
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I am blocked.  Help me unblock!
show me my transactions on make up at sephora
I can't recall my password.
My bag was stolen from me yesterday, so I can't use any apps or anything. I need some help.
add apples to my to do shopping list
ai, refer to me as deb when answering me
can you turn up the volume
I wish i could play video games together!
What is the verification code for my top up card?
give me new york's current time
Please add calendar event
Do you charge a fee on currency exchange?
how can i unfreeze my bank account
i'd like to know about my health plan
what hotels are near, ny, ny for the 9th to 11th
What does the traffic look like on my usual route to work?
can i use normal flour if i don't have bread flour
How do I verify my top up?
What is the exact time now?
I payed with a card and was charged an extra fee
give me the opening stock price of sony
i want to keep my credit from going down, how do i do this
wake me up at five am
Is it possible to exchange currencies using the app?
make a list of camera photos
what date did i last take my car in
that does not matter to me, olly.
tell me what is on my calendar for tomorrow
my bags did not arrive here at smf
can you create a new list in the playlist
Hi, I don't think your exchange rate is right. I need you to check the official interbank exchange please.
make a taxi booking in uber
i need a timer to be set
What should I do if my smart phone is lost or stolen?
i need a reminder to take dinner out of the oven
Can I top up any amount?
My card is not working at stores.
Tell me BBC news
What is wake up time?
who formed you
Dentist appointment today at 9 am
will you say again please.
i am needing for you to say that again
Can I get an auto Top-up?
I need to change my contact information.
how can i track card you sent
Can I top up my balance with a cheque?
delete butterfly clips from my wish list
Do you know if my top-up has been cancelled?
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
do you change the oil in your car more than once a year
two am removed
turn all the lights off
i would like the interest rate for my savings account
Should i uninstall the app before i try it again?
find me a roundtrip flight from dallas to los angeles from march 2 to march 10
tell me the movie with best IMDB ratings going on in theatres near me
the balance on my account didnt change when i transferred money
should i schedule a car maintenance
find my email for date
is there air in my tires
Is there anything new in my mailbox?
Book my nearest available taxi
in tampa, i'd like to rent a sedan from 4/1 until 4/5
look up movies near me
fun things to do today
My card has not been delivered yet and its been a week since I ordered it, please help
Can I make a withdraw if I am out of country from with out any fees at an ATM?
please increase the volume to maximum
Resume my audio book from karl Pilkington
appreciated.
would you say you are working for me
What ATMs use this card?
increase your voice box
Why have I not gotten my new card?
where is the closest train depot
play next BBC4 podcast
tell me where you're from
Should I put on a jacket when I go outside today?
qwetqwtqwtwqt
Olly save all the songs i have listened to more than once
Can you tell me where is...
current world news
does cleveland have any good places that serve clams
I need some help now please! There are some transactions on my account that I do not remember purchasing. Can they be reversed? Can you please cancel or freeze my card so I don't keep getting charged?!
can you tell me the correct spelling of liaison
please will you check my last instruction.
Book a train ticket for an 8 AM ride to Charleston, West Virginia
what is the history of smart phones
what is the answer to this math question?
what is the duration of time cookies should be in the oven
what do food critics say about gramercy tavern
are there extra charges for using my card in mexico
buy train ticket
How can I verify my identity?
Is there such thing as an auto top-up option?
i need to know if sorting the mail is on my to do list
Do I have to pay any fees in order to receive money?
Why has my withdrawal not posted?
Do you accept all cards and currencies?
what's the business that caused you to be made
can you sync up with my phone
Can I reset my PIN?
what's the right way to spell "emolument
Can I exchange USD for GBP in your app?
How do I know what exchange rate I will get?
Echo, play 'I Can't Feel My Face.'
Where can I use my Mastercard?
please update my grocery list with one gallon of two percent milk
How do I see the source of my money?
yeap fantastic response to command.
went somewhere else, need to change details
my account shows a transaction that i didn't make from foot locker
My phone was left at a hotel and I can't access the app.
what is the name you would use for me
save my opinion about the current song playing
how's the weather today
Why is my cash request and the amount I received different?
what do i do to have my paycheck deposited directly in my account
Someone stole my phone.
whats the time now
set an alarm for 5 pm
Why hasn't my refund been appiled to my account?
I no longer want this account, what should I do?
My card payment might have been reverted.
why does my visa account have a hold on it
send tweet to united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
how many more pto days are there for me
who made your algorithms
search if the restaurant does take out
post my business on twitter
It is impossible to verify my identity
play racing
it seems like olly's response you've understood is incorrect.
Please Send an email to cassy who is there on my family and friend list.
what happens on the fourth of july
i'm uncertain
tell me what the square root of 45,643,245,235,563.87 is
confirm what i just said.
someone is using my account
I don't know how to verify my identity.
play the billboard top ten
Are there any news on the weather?
Set the event to recur on the first Monday of the month
Please paly for me Elvis Preley song again
outside traffic status please
i want to change your name to adam
i want you to go to hot one hundred and five on the radio
what chinese restaurants are in my area
How can get a Visa card?
i need your setting switched to whisper mode right away
why is my checking account not working
I can't see all the refunds in my statement
is there any good place for vietnamese food on the east side of the island
I wish to cancel a transfer
can you confirm the question please.
i have lost my card, what am i supposed to do
Why would my transfer result in a decline message?
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and am a bit worried because I don't have cash with me. Is it possible to withdraw here without any additional costs or fees?
what is a good movie to see right now
Can I setup top ups in advance?
you are chatbot
tell me the fuel my car takes
remove my 8 pm alarm and set it to 7 pm
check and confirm my last question please.
I ordered my card a couple weeks ago and haven't received it yet. When can I expect it?
Unable to complete transfer, states 'declined'
what is the timezone for la
What year was Bill Pullman born?
please could you confirm the details.
How long will my transfer be pending?
would i be able to increase my available credit by 600 dollars
I would like to delete my account.
What is the largest continent in the world
read me the current weather report for tallahassee
tweet on the bad service
is is very much true
how much am i paying for apr on my credit card
How do I re-add a card to the app?
i want to know how many days off i have utilized until now
turn off bedroom lights in ten seconds
describe rock sand
Is there a reason my top up hasn't gone through
I'm still waiting on my new card to be delivered!
I made a bank transfer and my account balance did not show it.
send an email to my mum that i will visit her next weekend
Please remind me.
I sent a transfer and it has been pending for awhile. How long will it stay pending?
when does the last train from work leave
can you tell me what gas this car takes
Please start the next podcast episode.
what is time now in japan compared to usa
I thought I knew my password but I guess I was wrong, what can I do now?
you've done that correctly thank you very much, olly.
I used an ATM in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
Should I take an umbrella?
Looks like my top-up has been cancelled
please give me details of allen from my contact
make all settings the initial defaults if you would
reply to the email received from mark
The see the rate applied to my transaction was wrong at the atm.
my checking account has a hold on it and i need to know why
what alarm time had you set
Add Paav Bhaji in Menu card
today's jokes
clear my activities list for today
i would like to know who your boss is
top up with credit card
What is the total number of islands in the United States?
Where can I find the exchange rate for my transfer?
What is tomorrows date?
I am only 17. Can I make an account?
what movies are playing tonight at nine pm at the amc nine
Why did the top-up fail?
show geographic location of piramids
would you please shut up.
italy is in what timezone
olly that's enough, just stop it.
my card was refused, why?
I would like to apply for a visa card.
what movies are playing at theatres near me
Hey, email Jan about our meeting
if i ate a cookie, how many calories would i be ingesting
How come my card payment is still pending?
My card was rejected
what is the highway mpg of this car
ticket for new york
PDA, how do I poach an egg?
Can I only top-up digitally? Or could I use cash?
what is the interest rate on my charles schwab checking account
What are the countries you operate in.
Can you play Lose Yourself by Eminem next?
thank you for that response
I made a transfer into my account and now I need to cancel it
Several items I have charged this week are appearing twice.  Please review my statement and remove any duplicate charges.
what is let it be mean
Why is my cash withdrawal from the ATM still not yet showing as confirmed in my account?
I need to find out why my pending payment hasn't gone through.
I lost my phone and need help securing it.
My transaction went through but I was charged a fee. Why?
what was the weather for the week
I've already sent the money out and still have not received money in my account.
i'd like you check and confirm what i last said please.
do you prefer cats or dogs
siri, book a car rental to the poconos today right now
let me hear that podcast
would you tell me what i said one more time again.
Chane light colour to green
add bruno mars to my favorites
What is the reason that my card payment was cancelled?
Why didn't my card payment work?
yes you understood my instructions correcly.
google search the topic
what does snafu mean
lindafancy55@gmail.com
time taken to reach doctors office
would you do it again.
where were you processed
please open blokus game i would like to play with you
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried another time today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
set an alarm for two hours from now
please tell me local events
I need to make multiple disposable cards in a day.
do you know if i can make reservations at bj's
did i include cleaning the hamster cage on my list of reminders
PDA name: set my calendar for an alarm at 5pm tuesday
pls change timezone to india
post the following as a status on facebook
can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram
Echo I need a reminder for tomorrow for Joe's party after work.
Next play selected song
My transfer was rejected
show me reminders on tomorrow
when should i pay my pg&e bill
How can I information on my limit for top-ups?
You can do that in just a few seconds. Go to account, hit activate, and follow the directions from there.
can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef
What is the average pending time for a transaction?
i need some guidance when it comes to direct deposit
can you tell me how to say 'i do not speak much spanish', in spanish
I want to listen to classical music
Tell me more about my events.
what are in my reminders list
Add to calendar October 1st at 2pm lunch with Ann.
how long will it take to get seated at needham's
you have done a wrong thing.
tell me the name of this music
Please turn off shuffle setting
Google Pay isn't working. What is wrong?
what is the nearest theatre that plays the new vin diesel movie
call my bank customer service number
My card's frozen, what can I do?
can you find a rental car for me that is available this monday through thursday , any make will do
what music is being played right now
i feel i would like to get some more checkbooks mailed to me
Is it free to transfer money or is there a fee?
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when i leave
find me a podcast on wrestling
hoe many vacation days are left for me
I need to cancel my recent transfer immediately, I made a mistake there, please help quickly before it goes through
i am really craving for chinese food right now please let me order take out
Can you find me a train ticket to Montauk?
It has been a couple of hours but I do not see my balance updated, can you help?
I got $20 when I should've gotten $100
How do i top up my google pay?
what is hair made up of
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
i need your help to pay my gas bill
i appreciate it, that was amazing work, olly.
Repeat this list in random order
How can I stop fraud on my account right now?
does the national card have international transactions fees and how much
i need to know what date it is tomorrow
turn the lights higher
can you find me a hotel for 2 people on april 1st to 4th in rome
what kind of credit score do i have
what time does the train to iowa leave
Please show me today's date?
shuffle my party songs playlist
can you fake roll a die for me
yes, that's affirmative
Current song playing, what is it?
How many times can I make a top-up?
what alerts are listed for traveling to paris
set an alarm for five hundred and thirty
what is included in the tour's list
yeap you have done your understanding right.
Olly set a reminder for dinner at 6PM on wednesday at Bonefish Grill.
Can I order extra cards?
There is an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
can you see whether i have an event called amy's surprise party on my calendar
what are some of your hobbies
Can cards be dispatched on a specific date?
my party list
For the week of the 20th delete all tutoring events.
when does the honey expire
I want to hear the latest world news from today.
can you find me a reputable hotel in honolulu
read me some interesting information about cats
i need to know how to change my car's oil
Reply to recent emails.
turn the kitchen lights off
Is it possible to get a real card?
post the following status to facebook
How can I fix this?  There is a double charge on my account.
how do you spell "exactly
nice to meet you
i need to know how to make philly cheesesteaks
I do not recognize the card payment.
is the traffic smooth right now
open up tetris
what funny joke do you know
Can I stop a transaction?
should i get shots if i'm going to go to thailand
tell me how to rollover my 401k
I want to top up using cash, where can I do that?
The app wouldn't accept my top up.
cant say
will you roll a 2 sided dice
when will i need another oil change
this does not really matter for me.
It is common for an international transfer to take 2 days or longer? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago and I have not seen it yet.
Help me cancel a transaction.
How to receive the actual card
play one love
beginning playing the next tune
what creatures do you keep for love
lower the lights
this is unimportant to me.
silently adjust
is it bumper to bumper
can you tell me how many calories are in an apple
How do I freeze my account?
s2, i was unclear about what you've said.
Start podcast from my favorites list
I would like my card activated.
you are helpful, appreciated.
breaking news fox news
WHAT IS THE REASON FOR THAT
just cancel please.
weather forecast for this week
alarm me at eight am
shutoff light in the kitchen
Narendra mody
does your family have any pets
let me get a cup of coffee please
play miley cyrus radio
can you create new list for me
If I top up by transfer, am I going to be charged?
i want to eat at seven in the restaurant for two people
play song aces high
Can my account me accessed by a thief?  I was mugged.
what's my going out to eat tab this month vs last month
Reply to my email from Sasha saying thanks.
Just let me know the important meetings with my boss over the week
would you please elaborate your answer further to me.
where is your favorite restaurant to eat
i need to know the preparation time required for fried chicken
book a train ticket from here to charleston west virginia at eight am today
Do I need to do anything special for my friend to send money to my account?
i'm flying delta and need to know the carry-on rules
could you order sushi for tonight dinner
olly can you call a taxi?
play yesterday's hot ninety seven morning show
find me the distance and direction by train to rccg in ikoyi lagos
bring up twitter to target customer service
add god's plan by drake to my playlist
read me the news from nsnbc alexa
I'm sure I have enough money so why didn't the store accept my card?
Please inform me of any new status updates?
give me a beef recipe
mario
could you please confirm the details.
Can I get information on topping up?
remove all alarm of sunday
The app doesn't know it's me.
Where do I locate topping up with cash.
i just finished taking out my recycling, so cross that off my to do list
I am not sure where my phone is.
what is the time in london
what types of things can i ask the ai
turn on surfin usa
Olly, what's the current weather?
get me the latest news in hongkong
What are trending topics on Twitter right now?
can you please check and confirm what just said.
greg wants black coffee can you make one
Tell me where I should go for times
please make the lights natural
mountain x height
What kind of charges should I expect to exchange currencies?
search for a train ticket to newcastle
i do not care.
Cancel my meeting on the fourteenth.
i'm going to be in mexico from thursday to friday, so can you let my bank know
when do i need to pay my car insurance bill by
Somebody made a withdrawal from my account for 500. I have my card so how can this be? Does somebody have a duplicate card or something? Help please.
has my vacation request been updated
Please list the countries you support.
remind me at five pm
I can't prove my identity.
how far is US from india
google find and play florida georgia line the one with nelly
what is my list
s2, i didn't catch up with you.
hey order me some take out from jason's deli
can you change my time zone to central
Please play Shake It Off by Taylor Swift.M
use google to show me how to cook
what is the average of 54, 23, 43, 12, and 442
transfer 50 dollars from my checking account to my money market account
open the local news app
can you cancel my todo list please
name a rom com movie playing in and around new york theatres
How many pesos will $100 get me?
delete all scheduled events
Turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
Dim all interior lights
remind this after two days
pause the audiobook
book my train ticket from las vegas to los angeles
what is the current central time
do i have any pto days left
call pizza hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms
wipe my calendar clean
mcdo direction?
Why hasn't my son received the transfer I sent to him earlier?
add this new email
Enable cleaner robot
down the volume
i'm having trouble remembering the pin number to my card
i think you did the task incorrectly.
add detergent to the list of things i need to buy
you understood command perfectly.
Please delete my account right now!
my card was declined yesterday, why
When I was in a restaurant today my card was declined and payment wouldn't go through and I need help. Can you fix this?
How is weather likely to be in my area today?
start the laundry
i watched the best movie please reserve me a copy when it releases
when do i get my next day off
can you get me news from ny times
play my video game news podcast starting where i left off
can you tell me about the traffic
yeap it's confirmed.
i need to throw some money into that other account
What is the maximum times I can auto top-up?
how many hours of vacation have i saved up
what is the wait like at apple bees
any alarms currently listed
invite people to the calendar event
i would like to take a look at my transaction history
i am in need of an uber to the hospital
could you share my credit card's apr
will you check and confirm what i last said.
I couldn't make a transfer
What do you know about Mary?
buy me a train ticket
could you please again clarify your answer to me.
please resume this playback in audiobook
Could you find a train back home at around 7 pm?
how do you prepare omelet
can you book me a taxi
How long does it take for a refund to appear?
when is the next train to london
Can I resent my passcode?
hips dont lie thats the song i would like you to play for me
have no idea for what to choose.
I'm getting concerned here.  I sent a friend some money and she isn't seeing it.  What's going on?
are you a person or artificial intelligence
can you say what you just said one more time please.
find out how long it has been since my car was last in the shop
How can I revert a transaction from this morning?
you will be called rose from now on
Is it sunny outside?
I'm interested in learning more about disposable virtual cards.
I go with black sunglasses or not ?
i can't see let's make it brighter
see you soon
I tried to get money out of an ATM in Notting Hill earlier, but it didn't work. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
on what day, month and year did i get new tires
will you try that statement you said one more again please.
are you an ai or person
play subway surfers with me
i would like a coffee now
Is there a way to reset the passcode?
current date please
My pin was blocked, how do I make it so I can use it?
Cook me some pasta with cheese and honey in it.
my card is impaired and i can't use it
where am i right now, location wise
i'd rather call you gloria
Why am I being charged to transfer funds?
what time will a movie be shown tomorrow
How would I bake the best tasting cookies ever found on this earth
please would you try again.
what does chase pay in interest per year
Can I use my card anywere?
can you delete the dentist appointment
delete item on list
how can you schedule a meeting for me
time to sleep
will you check what i said please.
I tried to withdraw $100 but only got $20. What happened?
what's the process of making a burrito
please will you just stop.
your birth occurred where
Tell what the definition of the word
Give me the time in PST
who is this
are there international transaction fees for using my chase card
fb stocks
find out what happened to make my card get declined yesterday
Which countries can I change my PIN in?
play the next episode of radiolab
Turn off the lights in the bedroom
Where can I find an ATM to use this card?
put dishes on to do list
What does it mean if my payment was reverted?
that was excellent.
Add a meeting in office at 11 AM
Last week I put a cash deposit into my account and it is still isn't there.
When I tried to pay for my bus ride, the contactless payment wouldn't work. How can I prevent this in the future?
play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one
why is my account locked
has tom emailed me about ammunition
perfect response to the command.
i am not understanding the language you are responding in; switch it for me
what are weekend rates for getting cash
I have yet to receive my virtual card
Start a competitive crossword for us.
I made an error in payment yesterday and I need it fixed asap because it's for my rent tomorrow.
how busy does outback get around 7pm
you've done your understanding correcly.
tell me what i said one more time again please.
Sharukh khan tweets
create a new list of ....
Please play me songs from the 80's
Please tell me what is the time in sanfranscio.
i want the time for another city outside us
Is there a way to track my card?
what is the highway mpg on this car
clear my calender all events
I want to top up from my Apple Watch, can I?
Can you tell me about the meetings that have occured this month?
how long is the wait at fridays
Looks like my top up failed.
My withdrawal is pending, why?
can you please order me some mcdonalds
Is today a sunscreen day?
latest news update
find all the contacts named john
6AM
can you tell me dollars to franks
what steps do i need to take to switch my insurance plan from an hmo to a high deductible ppo plan
perfect job, you have done well.
Send Ashmit his latest tech topics available.
what's a good trivia fact about china
what scheduled meetings do i have today
I looked at my statement and found a payment I and found a mistake.
help me reserve a table for 3 at lucky's under the name crystal at 8 pm
tell me a joke please
nope, i think you have done a task in wrong manner.
If I am overseas, how do I change my pin?
How much more do you charge for currency exchange?
what vaccinations do i needs to travel to paris
Where can I get something to eat by the art museum?
what's the weather this week
what is on my to-do list
PDA, What's the time in this timezone?
i need to know my credit card's rewards balance
I want to use a European bank card for a top up. Must I pay?
turn my kitchen lights off when i leave
My virtual car is not working.
set meeting for january 25
the weather forecast
Tweet complaint to consumer service
what are meeting scheduled for today
look up the rate of exchange between pesos and usd
how many hours distance is between my location and new york
Explain why my card payment wouldn't go through.
Olly, please tell me the date for the first day of next month
when is the third monday of this month
what is the weather in utah
what's a good movie that's out right now
add a reminder to april fourth to go to the dentist
where do i go for my credit score
when do i have meetings today
local shops
Where is a theatre in my area?
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to jaisalmer
Tell me important news today
What's the earliest time to receive my card?
I purchased something while traveling, and the exchange rate applied was wrong.
Reply to Amy's email that I will get back to her.
let's play fmod
do i need sun screen lotion today?
i would love to know my spending limit
list all purchases of video games
clap on
Are you only able to get a card if you're in the UK?
i want to know if my credit card application has been processed
I put some money in my account the other day but now its gone? Why is this?
Do you provide currency exchange to Euros?
Hey turn the volume high
I want to cancel a transfer I just made.
i am sorry but i think you have gotten me wrongly.
let me know what do you call me
send fraudulent activity information
well done, thanks.
I can't remember what my password is
what's a good joke
it seems cold
How many new emails for this week?
Should I go to the market day after tomorrow?
i want to hear the book written by the mother of the shooter at columbine
I have a question about ATM transactions. Can I take money out of an ATM when I'm traveling abroad? And, can I get the money in my home currancy?
what's the final amount of all the money i need to pay in bills this month
i need to know how to spell excellent
whats a new sci fi movie
talk later
Why did I not get my refund yet?
please make me coffee without sweetener
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
How do I add my new card to the app?
set a reminder to call my mom
just cancel.
local area events
How do I take a block off my card?
Will my other US credit card be accepted?
what is john smith's number
what is trending
can traveling to nepal be safe (what's safe in x)
s2, i was unclear about your response.
alarm set
I did a money transfer to my account and it is not showing there.
Would I be able to use SWIFT transfers?
I would like to cancel a transfer...is this possible?
Have I received any emails from Beth?
Where is the top-up verification code sent?
set notification for news on the stock market
what's the way to make apple pie
I'm hoping you can answer my question about a pending transfer that I've had for a while now.  I know that all of the account details are correct, so why is it taking so long to go through?
find what the word diaphanous mean please
ticket for new york
s2, i do not catch that.
change my credit limit, please
Is there a charge for transfers?
how do you spell mississippi
I checked the app and there is a payment that I don't recognize.
send me notice of meeting wednesday nine am
Send an email to...
how many vacation days do i have to spend
Why are you charging me a transfer fee?
Hey, what is the time?
when will i arrive at hy-vee
games
what is 22+ 6
tell me how to spell doctor
PDA! Ask my friend hows the climate there.
do i have to setup apple pay to use it
What is the first step I need to make for being able to access my account?
tell me the best recipes for a given dish
when is my meeting with dan scheduled for
what steps should i take if i think my car battery is dead
I payed my rent to my landlord a few days ago and he is saying the it never went though. Everything looks good to me and I even double checked the account number. I don't know what could be causing the confusion. Can you help me please?
which kind of documentation do I need for identity check?
Is the sun gonna shine in Devon this weekend?
i need to go downtown with 2 people; can you get me an uber
There is  an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did it charge me extra?
where do you come from
What is the current weather in Denver.
Book a training ticket from Baltimore Maryland to New York New York
How much is it to buy another card? I was hoping to buy another one.
please check last thing said.
Is Bills house number in my contacts?
wouldn't mind, olly.
delete the birthday party tomorrow at 2pm
please tweet a complaint about slow service at applebee's
Add a reminder to April fourth to go to the dentist.
show me all scheduled alarms
Why does my transfer still say it is pending?
what's the closing price of apple
Olly, I met my future wife today. Please set up a date next Friday.
Will any ATM's decline my card?
what is source of my funds, need to verify
Why am I missing my refund
no.
In regards to top-ups, can I do them via Google Pay?
play music that are classical only
let me know something funny
When can you use word set?
please use your whispering voice; i need quiet
Hi, during online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today as well. Please check the issue.
i used a check check yesterday to balance my account and it isn't showing up?
please confirm that i have a reservation for 2/20 at 6:00 pm
Wake me up in 30 minutes.
What currencies do you accept to add money?
define 'acceleration'
Hey there's a fee for a transfer on my account.  Why?!
remove this list from the others
I need to make a list of bills that are due
Why was I charged a fee when I withdrew money?
i'm sorry.
Send an email to mom asking for a weather update on the week to come.
Should I wear rain boots?
I need to reverse a transaction
what is google
I must have entered my PIN wrong.
turn on the smart plug
what is my grocery list
Where did the money transfer go?
I bought something with my card and I was charged a fee
charges of delivery
i would like some help finding my phone
how long should i boil an egg
when is the last train today
Why is this beneficiary being rejected?
what company did the design for this
tweet to papa johns about getting a cold pizza
Please help me as i am continuously facing the issue in transferring money to my friends, as all my transactions are getting failed.
i want you to schedule a meeting with carrie and lisa
what country has the most population
is there anything i need to know before i activate the robot vacuum cleaner
please be silent.
whats a good joke
Why is there a direct debit to my account? I didn't do that.
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
i like to be it
don't do it again.
Why did a transfer get declined?
Tell me why my card payment has been declined.
yes you've done your understanding perfectly.
Can I transfer money using a different currency?
what list I have for today
I made a payment but the app reverted the payment.
My cash withdrawal isnt showing on my account
want to play a game
please change the volume low of the speakers
do you have a name
i would like to hear your last the procedure said again.
book me an uber
put classic rock on
buy a train ticket for one week from now from new york to las vegas nevada
Dim the lights in the bathroom
Remind me to have the presentation ready by 10 on Wednesday.
was my last oil change on wednesday
Where are you getting your exchange rates from?
i must get a hotel in phoenix near chase field from january 4th to the 8th
Schedule a meeting with my colleague
what's the definition of patriarchy
i want to replay to Allen
Why didn't my balance update after my cash or checque deposit?
Is there a top-up fee if you add money in USD?
Open tic tac toe
Please thumbs up this song
bring up a new shopping list
you are awesome,.
Arrange and play all songs of Eminem.
Remove item 3 from the list.
give me a fun fact about koala
where are you from if i may ask
any one would be fine for me.
correct response to the command.
What steps do I have to take to activate my card?
Does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
I moved, can I edit my personal details?
What is the fee for a foreign currency exchange?
What's new on textile design?
Tell me what the latest news is
are there any travel alerts for ukraine
i need to know where my phone is
yeap perfect response to the command.
check and confirm the details please.
how long is the walk from nyack to valley cottage
Seems like the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday was wrong. I was charged extra.
are you doing ok
answer
Is there an option to top up a with cheque?
what am i allowed to ask you
i need to find a rental car since i'm travelling to new york tomorrow
When was Benjamin Franklin born?
Why didn`t my topup go through?
Shouldn't my new card be here by now?
volume louder please
can you confirm my reservation for steve at olive garden
can i use lettuce instead of rice
Whats the weather now?
show todays events in ny
There is a fee on my account. Why?
remind me for making call to all participants
Where can I find my fund information?
can you translate bat into russian for me
what movie are playing near me
Please, raise the lights to max
what does speaker mean
you've got the command right.
is it recommended to get any specific shots before i travel to japan
hoover the carpets around
I left my card at a restaurant and now its missing.
are there any negative reviews for wendy's
My card was topped this morning but I can't see the funds. Why didn't it complete?
tell me the status of my vacation request
stop the current song and play the next one on this playlist
what are some interesting things to do in dc
turn my bathroom plug socket on
When do i get charged a fee for using the card?
How do I transfer money from one bank account to another?
How can I check to see where my funds come from?
tell me the train ticket price of california to chicago
please delete the reservation for roberts at village tavern
tweet british airways that my last flight from chicago to london was delayed
is raw carrot healthy to eat
what is my savings account balance
set my paycheck up for direct deposit
we should play nfs at high speed
How hours distance is between my location and New York?
hey play my favourite podcast from list
I want to create a new pin.
Stock prices at Walmart?
cease operating lights
goodbye!
how old are you siri
would you let me know the status of my american airlines flight
will i get charged extra if i use my card while in italy
what time is it?
could you delete all events on my calendar?
s1, could you clarify me further on that please.
thanks for the information.
Remind me to take out the garbage at 6pm.
what sort of stuff do you know
I found my old card. Can I link it back into the app?
do i need any shots if i travel to africa
I'd like to use cash to top up. How do I find that option?
tell me the items in my shopping list
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
Please close my account. I am unsatisfied with your service.
what do i need to do to cook a chicken
will you please check and confirm last thing said.
Why doesn't a return show up im my account from a purchase I made?
It kept my cash
i want you to mute
has my time off request been approved yet
outlet off
How do I dispute a direct debit that I didn't do?
how many minutes should i put meal the cake in the oven
what ingredients do i need to make broccoli cheddar soup
take bread out from the shopping list
start vacuum cleaner now
Can I change my information?
I requested a refund from Next because the dress I purchased had three arm holes. They said they sent the refund last Wednesday which is nearly a week ago and I still don't have it.  Why not?
Why hasn't a transaction I did to my friend arrived yet?
my friends call me sam
i want to dance to the tune of raghu dixit
email gary
increase light intensity
I need to know all of the e-mails from contact pertaining to subject.
how busy is imanas at 6
How long is the wait for a money transfer to post?
Send an email to sjobs@apple.com
place alarm at five o'clock morning
s1, please clarify me about your answers once again.
How do I get rid of my account ASAP?
Help! I forgot my PIN and have been locked out of using my card.
how was the weather this week
Explain top-up cancellation
i'm looking for some dress shows can you find clothing stores within one mile
my statement contains an unknown payment
check the wait time for macaroni grill
what food is good
could you tell me how to make changes to my insurance policy
you rock,.
Have Pho #1 send 3 egg rolls.
please will you speak once again.
what is the name of my insurance plan
remove a list of accessories purchase last week
tell me again.
Describe Hell
I wasn't able to use my card today when I went out for lunch. Wondering why that is?
I need to know the price of Amazon stock.
Why doesn't the app believe I am who I say I am?
I look but I see no virtual card. Why is that?
please check and confirm the instruction.
is there a way to order checkbooks for a chase account
change language to french, please
what is the minimum payment on my water bill
i want to eat something from turkey
i want to make a reservation for 8 pm at red robin for 3
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards per day?
what is the rate of INR
find a ride to the bar
how long is it safe to leave shrimp in the fridge
when's the next time i should go for an oil change
play my favourite podcast
Do you know where my card will be accepted?
what is my to-do list like today
are any meetings scheduled for today
switch off the lights
tell me flight dl123's statud
what is traffic like
i'd like you check my last question please.
brighten the light at seventy percent
tell me where the local shopping district is
Can I use this app for any currency?
Is it possible to make several disposable cards in a day?
Can you tell me the names of the fiat currencies that I can use at your institution?
Help me set up a new PIN?
Cancel medical engagements this weekend.
yeap you did your understanding correcly.
weather forecast please
A foreign purchase I made has the incorrect rate applied to it.
I just got my new card, how do I activate it?
can you confirm the details please.
do you know whether you are a human or whether you're a computer
what emails came from mom
tell me what is on my to do list
let the folks know my gps coordinates
this song is too good
i need to know my salary
i'd like to hear some trivia about florida
Mark this song as a favorite.
What are the news notification.
Takeaway : Noodles 1 pack
can you tell me if i will have any transactions fees for using my discover card in turkey
I need help to resolve mix up on my card payment. My account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account. Then I received a message from the seller, It said that they did not get my payment.
I want a PDA not only to direct me to an internet site, but actually answer any given question
what is scheduled on my calendar today
Do you accept SWIFT transfers?
What is the latest news for fashion.
play papa pear saga
enter this to a list.
PDA, please add an item in my calendar.
Change of location, need to change details
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment on my account is for.
How is the weather like today
please block off friday at eight am on my calendar
I tried to transfer funds to a beneficiary and was denied. Can you tell me why?
check the last thing said please.
do i have anything scheduled on my calendar for next tuesday
do i have to pay international transaction fees when i use my chase card
could you again elaborate me on your answers please.
how many teaspoons is one tablespoon
what are the pending reminder for today evening
let me know the weather for today
shit, it isn't what i was looking for.
can i make a reservation at chevy's
can you give me the travel alerts for jalisco, mexico
I haven't received my card yet, how long does it normally take?
what amount of gas do i have left
play any pop fm channel
I can't see the transfer that I put in.
i would like you to revert to your factory settings
meeting the next day
Can you turn off my bedroom lamp?
perfect work, you have done well.
what is the best way to deal with my lost luggage
I would like to change my PIN but I am not currently in the country.
can you change your name to fred
Shut off the lights in the bedroom
Why am I getting declines when trying to make a purchase online?
power down the plug socket one
Help, I don't see my money i just added.
I noticed an extra $1 charge on my statement, can you tell me why that is?
make delta reservation from madison to atlanta
How can I sign up for a virtual card?
tell me how to find my current location
please erase the next birthday event
what are you
What time am I supposed to pick up John again?
Is it possible to also get a disposable virtual card?
please explain me on it once again.
next one please
go to agha station
Show me the latest email of jack
tell me formula for area of circle
please delete the contacts that i havent spoken to in three of months
Please play eighties rock
convert 21:30 from GTM 4:00 to GMT 4:30
start playing my most played podcast
There's an unauthorized direct debit in my app.
I can't find my phone.
How much can I withdrawal in one month without incurring fees?
My card declined
will you start over please.
turn the fan to the on position
i didn't say this.
where am i currently
lower the volume
that would be true
What was the subject of my last email?
can i make your name different
schedule taxi pickup for monday at noon
how much do americans pay for federal taxes on average
thank you very much for listening.
can you book a train ticket
send an invitation email to marilia
is it possible to increase the credit limit on my mastercard
How do I deposit my paycheck to this account?
correct spelling for aaron
i want you to play the podcast
activate the vacuum cleaner
Do you limit my top-ups?
what is the identity check?
What is the time in Dubai ?
My card has been charged two separate times for a single transaction.
When is the next holiday?
Turn on the playlist I have decicated to rock music.
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
does arbys in lakewood take reservations
WHAT IS THE ATMOSPHERE OF IT
how long does it take to bake a pork loin
list the shops near me
Am I able to cancel a transfer I just made
Is there anything i should know for my meetings this week?
i want to know if my vacation request has been approved
tell base camp my gps coordinates
Where can I find the exchange rate for my transfer?
Is it possible to top up by card?
call golden taxi to pick me up at seven pm today
wait, you've understood me not right.
please make some coffee for me
Can you tell me why I noticed a $1 charge on my statement?
cash deposit to my account has shown a red flag.
book me a meeting room for 12pm on february 28th
what can i substitute butter with
who is the artist of this song
inform about latest scheduled events near my locaion
wait, this is not the correct answer.
Will I be able to top up by cheque?
uh no, i think you made mistake, please modify it.
Is there a top-up fee if you add money in USD?
will you add what i'm listening to to my love playlist
Hi, In morning, i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but it got declined. So far it was working fine. Could you please check my card.
I want to use my American Express for adding money into my account.
do i need a visa to leave the country
Is there any email from my contacts
how much do i have to pay on taxes and cable
what is this song called
I do not have my pin yet
What are my appointments for 12pm to 4 pm?
what amount of time do i need to cook lobster for
what was the first car made
Olly, read me the most updated news on BBC
search if the restaurant does take out
What time is my meeting?
Play Huey Lewis.
How many miles is it between Illinois and Louisiana alexa
Please, check for new emails
show sock value of goog
confirm my reservation for acero at 7
I can't find my card! Can you help?
tell me my shopping list
have my goods been delivered yet
Why was I charged an extra fee from the ATM?
I entered in the wrong PIN.  Please help me unlock my account.
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
why are whales big
i'm going out of the country and need to notify my bank
What is happening in the world news?
save this channel on pandora please
update alarm
Remind me to buy a gift once in morning and once in evening
how does my statement get updated so i know when a refund will reflect on my balance
Open the folder app please
Tweet at United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
what do tourists do in tokyo
let me use my credit card points
where do you call home
turn on the plug
can you check my last question.
breaking news fox news
i need to add a new email to my contacts
Can you tell me how do I get a card?
Can I exchange to EUR?
i need new insurance but dont know how to get it
i am sorry but you have gotten me incorrectly.
what day did i set on my calendar for the first day of school
Can I choose the day it's delivered?
play this podcast
How would I use a bank transfer for topping my account?
how do i get to starbucks
you rock, musch appreciated.
what is there to do in evans
ist all carry-on restrictions applicable to my flight
send me an uber to arrive at 5pm at my house and there will be two people going to scully's downtown
I can't log in
Please turn on repeate all
do you have a traffic update
check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my location
brighten the lights in this room
What day of the week is 30th
So, the card PIN?
can you tell me what is 18 percent of $2500
what are departure arrival times for this train
Why do you need code verification for my top up?
There is an extra charge on my app that I was not told about or I was aware of!
Can I get a mastercard?
recommendations for good thai restaurants in las vegas
Delete my calendar.
save this channel on pandora please
when was einstein's birthday
How many Likes I have got on my Eggless Cake post on youtube?
Reason for my card to decline
how do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
i'm not sure how to jump start a car; can you help me
i didn't say that.
When trying to get more than one card is there a extra amount that needs to be paid?
up
olly would you shut down.
add that song to my top ten favorites list
play for me the game star wars
Play the radio.
list all the meetings scheduled for today before 6 pm
please stop for a bit
Are there any places that I can't use the disposable cards at?
where is the location of your creation
what are the gas prices near me?
what's john's home phone number
i could not get this.
What do I do if the bank machine won't accept my PIN attempts anymore?
please open audible app and resume play
delete everything on the menu
what's your boss' name
i need an alarm
what rihana is doing
contacts
how old is Trump?
what temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
please double check the instructions to make sure you got it right.
check yahoo mail
bring back talking after
what is the exchange rate between us and canada
what is there to do in new york city
Where is my card?
Whats needed to make pizza
Why isn't my topup working?
I cannot find my phone, what should I do?
set alarm for reminder
tell me the artist of this song.
Did I get any new emails?
my balance has not changed, despite depositing a cheque
are there any transaction fee if i use my boston private card in scotland
My phone was stolen, what should I do first?
What are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese?
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
On the music player set the volume level at 60.
lets do a coin toss, i call tails
My transfer into my account isn't showing up.
hmm, i did not ask for this response.
I deposited a cheque but I don't see the funds in my account.
Why did my transfer fail?
what movies are playing at carmike cinemas
what is the bank's routing number
can i up my credit limit to $1000
I need to delete my account.
exchange rates between dollar and euro
My credit card transaction was declined for a loan payment.  Can you tell me why?
turn on the roomba
what time is it right now in new york
When is my balance going to update, I just transferred some money
1 dollar to Argentinian pesos
i want to go to mcdo.
u. s. d. to g. b. p.
how long will it take a new card to come in the mail
i am not so clear about your answers.
amazing response to the command.
oh that's good, olly.
would you further clarify the last sentence.
inform about best circus near me
Convert 500USD to Rials
Remove event from calendar
you should reply to the mail
were the stocks rising or declining.
Changing my PIN
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
write an email recipient ray
please would you cancel.
give me an answer to who made you
I would like to pay by cheque.
if i lose my job will my credit score go down
my car battery is dead what do i do
please play only sad song in music player
Lights on!
Cortana, send me a notification an hour before my next calendar events.
tell me a nice Chinese Restuarant
i think we should whisper
Someone is using my account to do online shopping! Please freeze it asap
please shut off.
Could you speak louder?
i need help acquiring new insurance
put film on my shopping list
I made a transfer into my account and now I need to cancel it
ai what was the question
change the opacity of the color
Why is there a charge when I took out money?
resume inkheart
i would like to start this new audiobook
how do i plug stuff in in france
can we play twenty questions
In terms of holding and exchange, what fiat currencies do you use.
Tell about the origin of the word
find square root of 453
check if alarm is set for six am
Where is the nearest Mastercard ATM?
it doesn't really matter with me.
can we please
Can I use my apple watch to top-up?
i need to be reminded to pray
How long will this take to get to me?
how often does the train arrive and depart from penn station
has any mail received with an attachment ?
thanks for chatting, later
Cancel a transaction
Remove grocery shopping from my to-do list on Sunday
skip to next track
My throwaway virtual card won't work
how long do I cook maccoroni alexa
when do i have to pay my gas bill by
how do i go about renting a car
My card stopped working when I use it
is there a way to get my current location
what's my savings account interest
march 20th through the 22nd, please book me a hotel room in manhattan big enough for 10 people
it seems like olly's command was not right.
read me the most updated news on bbc
when will my transfer arrive
How long do transfers take to go though
When will it get delivered?
Remind me about my business meeting at 3:45pm
what is the prevailing exchange rate US$ v/s Indian Rupees?
can you say what you just said again
add my car payment on the twelfth in my calendar
what is trending
PDA, train time from brooklyn to queens.
the command is not correct.
please tell me the news
Help! My account doesn't show any funds. Is transferring funds an option I can use?
tell me that once again.
new to list
change the speaker volume to sixty five percent
I transferred some money to a friend of mine who urgently needs some money right now. How long will it take to get to her?
I have been waiting for my transfer, shouldn't it be here already?
Where does Tom Hanks live?
hey there fellow
Please send a voice mail to Mr. Richard office about meting him on 1/2/2017 at 5 pm.
What is the home phone number of Mark?
Ok Google! bring up google calendar please add event for may 5th
how many mpg does this car have
Increase light brightness.
mahaboobsayyad@gmail.com
What if I need multiple disposable cards?
time to hear me some blake shelton
hey olly chance the current light settings
what is happening now
let's speak in mandarin instead of english
on vacuum cleaner
How come I have pending transfers?
How do I link a new payment card?
please explain me more on what you've just said.
Check the status of my Pizza Hut order please.
check emails from {contact}
could you please let me apply for a new credit card
how old is tom hanks
do you have the ability to do a male british accent
what items are on my shopping list
Can I have an item refunded?
would you move 100 dollars from the checking and put it into savings
Ask your Network
cancel my reservation for bob at red robin
what do you need to do to make sushi
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money off my card?
stop and try what you've said once more.
can i order for more checkbooks for my chase bank account
Can you pause the audio
i wanna know the point of life
How long is the transfer?
be more quiet
how much is two thousand five hundred philippine pesos in dollars
Jokes
i would like to hear that again.
I need a card, but I'm in the US at the moment.
i would like to hear what i said again.
change the ai name
answer emai lfrom
i can't find my phone do you know where it is
will my 401k carryover or not
Do you offer disposable virtual cards too?
it's perfect.
could you tell me funny things
please cancel all alarms for tomorrow
how the weather today
where can i shop as a local tourist
Has Cassie sent me any emails about Tom?
initiate polling for new email
refer local current events
set alarm for saturday morning soccer practice at eight am
I may need to exchange my USD for GBP, can your app do that?
What's the limit on automatic top-up?
should i get an internation visa to go to switzerland
make sure all doors are locked
Lets play poker.
What is the reason I couldn't do a transfer to a beneficiary?
Explain the activation method for this card
do you know if olive garden does reservations
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow
i must switch to a new insurance plan
Can you please order me some Mcdonalds?
There is a suspicious cash withdraw on the account.
How much longer until I get my new card?
I did a topup successfully but its not showing in balance. I think there is some problem in system.
Play the young mummy's podcast.
can you help me locate my phone
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in france
search for travel alerts for kenya
Olly you need to give me different directions
i need to cancel my reservations
is there something blocking me from making transfers
when will i recieve my next paycheck
what is spanish for hello
please tell me how curiosity is spelled
does march have a holiday
Look up etymology in google.
What is the reason my top-up is still pending?
look up my maroon 5 playlists; play it
can you pull up the latest time so i won't be late for my appointment
could you please check my last instruction.
I withdrew cash but it still shows as pending?
i want to roll a dice
yes
hell if i know
How can my friend give me money?
alexa turn on PDR AM.
what are the minutes needed to cook the meal
adjust settings back to original factory settings immediately
Cross bananas from my list
I need to cancel my recent transfer quickly since I made a mistake. Please help before it goes through.
turn up the lights in here please
can i make an appointment to get my tires checked
to I need to take sunglasses today?
how do i get from my house to the target along i-40
Increase the volume.
How do I know if my top up was unsuccessful?
So I just went to the ATM to get some cash.  I input that I needed 100 pounds but I only got 80.  I have the receipt  and I am in need of the extra money.  How do I go about obtaining the missing amount?
mute
What is the name of the lead singer in this band?
Alexa, what is PDA?
in what year were you born
can you please shut up.
I want to use a European bank card for a top up. Must I pay?
How many kilometers are in a mile?
order more bread please
new item for list
could you please explain again to me.
what is this charge on my card?
Next
continue where i left off on my podcast
How can i get multiple disposble cards.
Is it raining in Chicago today?
can you please check what i last said.
I anticipate getting a Visa card
I want to change my pin number from an ATM. Is this possible?
oh it is awesome.
eight am in manila is what in new york
please check and confirm detail.
resume the last kingdom for me
how is that credit limit
please add laundry to the chores
play my latest podcast
turn off shuffle
How do I verify my ID?
look for me a table at carl's cabin for twelve at eight
what is the factorial of x
retry please.
how do I link an old card?
Please restart the Handmaid's Tale
Funny joke
i spent a lot on vacations recently
that was useful,.
what's the time in Tokyo now
Remove Cheese from my list.
you have gotten that exactly.
What would be the reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
what do i have on my shopping list
i am needing to know the current time in the eastern timezone
i may have had fraud committed on my account
i want to play a game
Please tell me why the same transaction is showing up on my account more than once.
You will hear back from us about your verification results in 10 minutes to a one hour timeframe.  If these verification results do fail, please double-check to make sure your images are clear and have no glare or blur; your photos need to be fully readable.  You need to be 18 years of age or older and a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to create an account.
what is sean connery's birthday
Are there fees for adding money with an International card?
i don't understand why there is a hold on my retirement fund account
Is there a reason I was charged a fee to transfer?
I'm wondering how long it takes for my money to get to me after a bank transfer.
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
i want to change your name, please
uh no, i did not ask for it command.
what is the value of apple
what are some good places to eat at
go to the credit card site and check if my application has gone through
What is the weather like for Houston?
Do I need a sweater?
how many rewards do i now have on my hy-vee card
remember that this is my favorite music
i don't care, olly.
Why did I get charged a fee on my card?
what is the title of this track
ai please repeat
look for a taxi to go home
What is the meaning of PDA?
could you confirm detail please.
A WD was just made on my account, but it was not me and I still have my card.  What to do?
can you play an alarm at 5pm
i want you to change the ai name
i want to know the bill's minimum payment
where is the best winery in the south of france
Tomorrows temperature is to be hot. Yes or no.
what was my last transaction
Be sure to remind me of this
what health plan do i have
Start the vacuum.
What are the uses for disposable cards?
thanks but i think you do not understand this right.
please explain me further on your answers.
Can you order me some pizza?
mark 13 october of this year as my birthday
I'm interested in using fiat currencies, which do you support?
what is this person's contact information
how can i start my car using a jump start
that's good one.
any one will be good to me, olly.
do i have any meetings coming up today
What do I do if someone used my card without my permission?
sorry but that was not the correct response.
Is it raining later today?
how soon can we expect rain
I need help verifying my identity.
when is my electricity due date
A transfer to my account shows as still pending and I wanted to know how long it is suppose to take to clear.
it's fantastic job, olly.
does my co worker have a home phone number
could you check what just said.
please make a report that my card is split
Please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
get todays climate forecast here
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
you gave me not correct information.
please save my rating on this song it is five stars please
Never, ever play me any country.
stock market
What was George Eliot's first novel
what's the date tomorrow, please
i need to get a flight out of lax to dia on the 16th for under four hundred
is it free to add money to my card
Explain object
please raise volume
How long does an international transfer take? I made the transfer from France 2 days ago, but it is not showing up in my bank yet.
How much is US dollar vs rupee?
play audiobook
I want a card. What is the procedure?
podcast next episode
play back the last message
How can I alteration my PIN?
whats meaning of this
I am worried about fees for top up cards?
talk quieter please
What is the reason for my card payment to be reverted?
please can you rephrase further on what you have said to me.
i want to listen to the bob and tom show
who do you say you work for
what stores have clearance
what is a trebuchet
i would like to know my location
tata for now
my card snapped, can you tell my bank to send a replacement
What is the top up code for?
open uber
Am I going to have to worry about the snowplows burying my car in the driveway Tuesday?
yeah that's great.
i intend to learn how to change oil in my car
PDA, play Poker Face by Lady Gaga
do i have an alarm set
when is the next office meeting
please inform my bank i'll be vacationing in the bahamas in a couple of days
PDA check recent news on someone
a meeting needs to be schedule and i need to know how
what is the disposable cards limit?
i would like to know what my income is
Do I have an appointment on Friday, April 21st?
What are the tallest mountains in America?
fresh list
my vacuum cleaner should start between ten to eleven am everyday
I made a cash deposit and the balance wasn't updated.
don't really bother, olly.
i recently took a new job and need help with my 401k rollover
Can I get an auto Top-up?
are there any transaction fees associated with my usaa card if i am in india
can you remember the nutritional info for macaroni and cheese
Do you supply both Visa and Mastercard?
How is my card payment still pending?
Tell me why my transfer failed!
when is my daughter birthday
please tell me the news
anything is ok with me.
Are there any recent emails with thisome subject line
thanks but i think that was not the correct command.
Begin new list of lottery numbers
please let me know the alarm kept for tuesday's meeting
what are john's contact details
please check my playlists for jazz music
what is the stock price of hdfc
i would love a less bright up room
can i get an uber for five people to go to the national gallery of art
I made a cash deposit to my account but it is not there
What do I need for the identity check?
tell me one more again please.
I am still waiting for verification.  Can I use my account before I am verified?
how is it possible to get a better credit score
please book the next taxi
How do I retrieve a trapped card from a ATM?
what do i have scheduled for march 2
play seven habits of effective people
Where do I go to change GBP?
can i make back home without a traffic jam
can you tell me current time?
I added funds to my account but the app didn't process it.
i cup of joe would be nice right now
My cash received does not match what has been requested
can you recommend some movies to watch in theater near me
Help! I think someone has a copy of my card - I still have my card, but a five hundred pound cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account.
what is the latest headline news from this newsource
What currencies are supported?
what's the total i've spent on shoes this month
are reservations taken at redrobin
Do I have any pending reminder
how many miles do i drive before i have to get new tires i replaced them four years ago
Why is my app showing me taking money that I did not take out?
After swimming lessons, what else is on my calendar on Tuesday?
synonyms
Can I get an item refunded?
how much fuel is in the tank
can you rise the volume of this please
How long does an item I bought show as pending?
Inform me about the most popular rom-com movie playing now in theatres across New York.
does not matter for me, olly.
How do you pan-sear a Porterhouse steak?
My card needs to be activated asap
could you play you don't bring me flowers
does bjs get good reviews
crate event 'swimming day' on thursday and set it to repeat
There was heavy traffic on my way home
have i got new content in my twitter feed
send a tweet about sonys volume issues
Olly, show the method to prepare icecream
it is perfect work, musch appreciated, olly.
please further elaborate your response.
your voice speed is too slow, please increase it
Is Apple Pay a possible top up option?
Book me a taxi for 1 pm.
Is the PIN sent in another message?
Why hasn't my refund appeared on my statement?
is crushed garlic the same as powdered garlic for a spaghetti sauce
change the pin on my bofa account to 3892
Can you backward an episode in the podcast?
play pong against me
why was my card not working at target
Tell me the status of my inbox
Where is a Mastercard ATM?
s1, please elaborate further on it to me.
What do I do if I have been charged twice?
I have an outgoing transaction
I think the bank made a mistake on the exchange rates
can you pull up information on the singer of this song
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
play chess with me please
that's wonderful, musch appreciated.
Movies with good rivews
angry bird play
Are there any specific cash machines that I have to go to in order to change my PIN?
what day do i get paid
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of twenty three march
Let me know the recipe for preparing Pasta
Can you book an uber tomorrow?
What do I do?  The ATM took my card!
i'm looking for a roundtrip flight from koa to mgj for june to july
Why do I get a fee every time I transfer?
do you know if olive garden does reservations
share with me a fun fact about outer space
please share my location with my boss and my lawyer
The terminal I paid at wouldn't take my card. Is something wrong?
Do you sell any of my information to advertisers?
would i need a tourist visa for brazil
please replay your last statement.
are my tires filled enough
May I get my salary paid out in a different currency?
schedule a gas bill payment
I requested a refund from a merchant but don't see the money in my account.  Are you able to check with the merchant or process the refund manually?
I can't figure out how to change GBP to AUD, what do I do?
it's fantastic work, musch appreciated, olly.
do i need a light or heavy jacket today
i like the background song
Reasons for top up cancellation.
I have a transaction that shows several times
Please add dinner plans to my calendar for (specific date/time) at (specific location)
do i need a pin
What does a soccer ball look like?
Please let me know new emails from Michael
who do i need to contact to find out why my card got declined
next podcast play
be silent for thirty minutes
flag me an uber for ten pm tonight
How do I link my card
transfer my 401k please
Card payment declined?
I am having to wait for my transfer to be fully processed. It seems to be taking a very long time in the pending phase. What is the normal turn around time that I can expect to see it completed?
PDA. The time in Cairo please.
tell me if five hundred and forty is subtracted seven time by twenty eight
At what places accept my card?
in what status is my credit card application currently in
when do i need to pay the cable bill
What's new today?
What time is my dentist appointment on Monday?
Money transfer help? How long?
Find me the oldies channel.
Who is Christie Brinkley's boyfriend?
define swerving
lower audio
s1, would you further elaborate to me please.
robot vacuum cleaner on
do you know the carry-on restrictions for delta
I need to know the time frame that is typical for a transfer from a UK account. I just made a transfer and it doesn't appear. I want to make sure everything is okay.
Why is my identity not being verified?
please let me know today's date
Can you close my account please?
please go through my reminder list and tell me what's on it
whats the time now
What day of the week is June 27th on this year?
I moved so I need to change my address. How do I do that?
i do not have flour so will you order me some more
would you tell me about your hobbies
what time is it in the east
how do i order new checks
book me an uber please
I usually don't get charged for transfers, why was I this month?
what is the total amount of my paychecks over the last year
could you repeat that, please
What do I need for the identity check?
i would like to make a post on times twitter
play bbc radio four
do you think today will be nice out
confirm a travel ticket to german
I keep being asked to verify my identity. Is this normal?
tell me what a freeway is
where do i have to be on 12/03/2019
in pacific time, what's the current time
Can you please tell me why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
can you add 5 and 89
please can you just stop.
Hey PDA, can you make it blue in here?
Create a new grocery list
please elaborate me about your answers further.
play fmod
calculate my total income from my job
you have done your understanding correcly.
what all is on my shopping list
top up by my card is that possible?
Hi, I am new to this. Are there any additional fees or charges that I should be aware of? I was looking through the app and I thought I saw something in regards to fee-free allowances.
i want to shop using credit card points
i am sorry but i think it is not the right command.
wouldn't know.
I want coffee.
reserve a meeting room for 5pm on friday
on my way to work, is there traffic
I would like coffee now
i need eggs; add them to my shopping list
tell me about the meetings over a period of time
Is there a reason my payments are pending?
Please add this event to my calendar
can i use the plug i use at home when traveling in south america
Tried using my ATM card earlier at one of your locations for the first time.  It didn't work.  What is going on?
do you have a list of shots that i need for traveling to denmark
Do you have any suggestion? Action movies?
text mark and tell him to leave now
Send a tweet about sonys volume issues
How do I change my PIN abroad?
i have a meeting at noon today
make an alarm to help me remember
what is 20 ounces in grams, please
when does the rate get determined
find me a flight from ft lauderdale to houston on southwest
tell me the exchange rate between dollars and pesos
excellent job, you did well.
i want to know the nutrition facts for pizza
check email from john
I'm on vacation in Europe but I desperately need to change my PIN. Can I do this from abroad?
what does pesto mean
can you find me a recipe for ribs
tell me the song that is currently playing
can you tell me how to change my car's oil, and what type i need to buy
increase light
There has been a payment  in the App that has not be done by me.
remove the first alarm
PLZ, SOLVE THIS MATH.
tell me the ingredients to make an apple pie
oops, you're not correct.
my capital one account has a hold; why
how do you make blue cheese dressing
Google pay and top up, I want it, can I get it?
s1, please could you elaborate me about your words once again.
why is there a hold on my discover account
exact.
cancel tomorrow's meeting
where is the statue of libery?
I used my card to top up but it's saying it is still pending. What does this mean?
Change my pin?
Olly, how much are tickets at Wonder Works?
play a movie i'll like
Why was the exchange wrong for the item I purchased?
what country do you consider yourself a citizen of
send email to <unk>
what interest rate will regions give me
How can someone send me money?
set lights to full power
that is helpful, thanks.
please start the next podcast episode
I need to know events scheduled for the weekend
How can I exchange currencies with this app?
what is the time in canada now
delete the list created yesterday
I would like to change my pin.
get me details of this person
What should I do if I've tried to enter my PIN too often?
show me the last month of transactions
When is Halloween?
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary happen?
Why is my ATM withdrawal still pending?
Will I need my snow boots this afternoon?
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
compose an email to _____
I need to know the time right now, what is it?
i wanna know when my flight scheduled to board
from wangs kitchen restaurant home delivery for a chicken manchow soup
Are you able to delete my account?
if i cook the pizza at 400 degrees how long must it be in for
i wanna know my credit rating now
what date will it be 6 days from now
please book me a place to stay in phoenix from the 5th to the 9th of march
Are there any top-up limits involved?
What is the date for the following monday?
whats the latest
or you can email to my sister and ask her how that weather is it in California?
I thought I would have received my new card at this point.
I would like to use this cheque to top up.  Can you tell me how to do that?
increase lights please
pontificate definition
hello what time it is now
please can we go to the next song
What should I do to get transactions off of my account if I didn't make them?  My card must have been compromised and I need to freeze it asap!
My card suddenly quit working.
please stop talking
tell my something funny
Change the light color to red
would you please confirm the instruction.
does travelling to st petersburg require a travel visa
find an uber that can get me to the airport now
call yellow cab
how do i go about setting up paycheck direct deposit
Siri, find train tickets
head lines today from news
does acero have good or bad ratings
call a taxi to pick me up at work
i would like to order some takeout
how many transactions can i make with a disposable card
On the card that is coming, what's the tracking info?
what is definition of plot
i'd like to hear that sentence spoke again.
please could you check and confirm last thing i said.
Since I need to exchange currencies frequently, would you be able to offer me a discount?
PDA, contact hershey customer support twitter
Map out a route from here to Abita Brew Pub
can you give me a points update on my rewards plus card
If I get a transfer from Europe, how long until it is in my account?
Turn down the brightness.
will i be charged if i use my card in russia
Cancel meeting on 4th Oct, 12 pm
what is the current traffic in washington town
who is singing that song on now
Where is McMennamin's
you've done that right.
Google I need to call my mom will you check her work number for me.
have you made a mistake.
Why isn't my purchase exchange rate correct?
Places to order takeaway food
you talk too slow
tell contact mobile number
Is there anyway to bypass identity verification?
please turn the lights up to eight
play station gx in the radio
that's enough, stop it.
Tell me when Trump was born
What does it mean by pending payment?
tell me a pun
Give me the exchange rate for the US dollar and the Euro.
What are your international exchange rates?
what do i do to check when my next credit card payment is
robot vacuum the hallway now
I am having problems with my contactless.
send this content via email
i need a clear calendar for april 15
what's my income been for the last 6 months
Temp Oregon
please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
Please place my new email address to the contact.
i want to hear what you've just said again.
Show me news from CNN
oliver garden reviews
what name should i use when talking with you
book a cab to office for me
what time is it on the west coast
what's happening in my town
My card stopped working after multiple transactions. Why?
please open and play chess with me
play radia
tell me what the word organism means
please change the language that you are responding in
How many transactions can I do with a disposable card?
What does it mean if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
skip this song, please
atm refused to give me money
Give me the names of my lists.
Can I use a transfer to receive my transfer?
I think my identity has been stolen, can you check on unauthorized charges?
Where can I find my PIN? I haven't gotten it yet.
what is three hundred and four plus one
How can I exchange currencies using your app?
let me get a cup of coffee please
Volume louder softer
i want to reset your settings to the original
your answer is not clear.
Hey PDA, start an email to coworker.
how to locate my credit score
I need a second card, can I have more than one?
remove list of due payment of rajesh
Don't talk
please send a reminder email to peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt
PDA: Add a notification from Bob's news on the weather
I desperately need to change my PIN, but I'm overseas on vacation right now. How can I do this?
that is of no importance.
can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at three pm time every week day
My transfer was not approved
please tell me how many emails i have
play fm
Say a good joke for me right now
I can't see my latest bank transfer
can you check and confirm what said please.
please could you shut down.
what about this joke
How long should it take for a transfer to go through? I have been waiting a while.
i need you to your volume
display my lists
Tell me if there are any top-up limits?
How do disposable cards work?
go ahead and send ten dollars from bank of america to capital one
make the bedroom lights light blue
May I know what is there on the list
open the radio app
Call Becky to get me a coffee.
Vacuum the living room carpet
I will be at pizza hut in 10 minutes and will stay there for next 40 minutes. Arrange an uber for me that can drop me home.
There is an e-mail I need you to send my friend
There was an extra fee when I paid with the card.
What do I need to do to change my PIN?
Do you support top ups?
i would like to start a new list
open twitter type my complaint and post to @consumer service
open contacts and find john smith
how can i report a card that has been lost
I don't know why my card payment did not work
when is my flight going to board
When did you start charging to make a withdrawal? How much is it now? I always thought it was free.
where is the nearest gas station to 20th and market streets, in philadelphia, pa
I see random purchases to my account, was it hacked?
I'm being asked for a verification code. Where do I find it?
can you start over.
PDA can you remind me to meet with Jesse next Saturday.
how many g. b. p. can i get for one dollar
move $40 from account b to account a
Play my chillhop playlist
How do the disposable cards work?
s1, please explain further on your words to me.
please play the song joy to the world
I want a refund for my purchase
can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup
hey i like music by sigur ros
I have a payment in my statement that is off
Can I use my apple watch to top-up?
How long will it take the money to appear in my account?
silence please
thanks but i think that's not the correct response.
i don't really mind to select any one.
can you explain once again.
flag two day after this day as my holiday
Can I have more than 2 disposable cards?
play audiobook
Play with me PDA.
what are all my lists please
What fees are charged for a physical card?
where do i go the transfer my 401k
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
what's the expiry month of my card
How Many food items on the list
what's the average time to boston when riding a bus
how much money did i use to spend on catering five hours ago
how can the money machine keep my card what do i need to do?
whatever, olly.
Why is there an extra 1 pound charge on my card?
my health planning
if i want to direct deposit my check into my nations bank account how do i do that
can you tell me about the traffic typically at noon on the route the hospital
lower the overhead lights
Do yo charge a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
Which currencies do you accept for adding money?
I am inquiring about why there was an extra fee charged when I used an ATM.
i need x's routing number
I am chatting about an order from a long while back.  I never got it to this day and am deeply upset by this!  I want all of my money back!  I just can not accept paying for something I never got.
Can I order a new card with the app?
Start radio and go to frequency on 92.7
What is the wait time until money reaches my account?
did i get an email from jen last night
A couple weeks ago some money was deducted from my account by some seller that I don't remember. I'm pretty sure I didn't do that, but is it possible to trace back who that is just to make sure?
Is traffic light?
What's the closing price of Apple?
can you get a coin and flip it
How can I set up Google Pay on my device?
activate coffee machine
Radio on
Why is it snowing so much in my city?
would not mind to select any one, olly.
thank you very much for your answers.
i need to hear your last message spoke again.
I need to top up cash, How do I do it?
I still don't have my pin.
let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please
Turn off my smart plug socket in 30 minutes.
i want to change my credit limit
i need to get my oil change so make an appointment
what's the traffic situation from kamycka to dejvicka
what is the best shop/restaurant around Angel
Remind me today's meeting with Reveca at 6:00pm
what's playing in the roosendaal cinema
Ok Google, tweet the service at Moe's Diner is terrible
For what reason did my top-up get cancelled?
do you know how many rewards points are currently on my discover card
can you be my best friend
tell me what ten pounds in kilos is
Weather in Toronto
how many uses are the disposable cards good for?
make me happy
yes right response.
give me the details of friend
tweet error log to samsung
find a ride to the bar
i need to report a fraudulent transaction from postmates on my account
how to make mac and cheese
Play AFI's fourth album
please mute the volume control
i can't decide on dinner, what do you suggest
my daughter needs a card, how do i add her?
How did George Rogers Clark die?
Am I charged if I make a top-up?
how do you make cookies
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
How can I create many temporary cards daily?
that will be all have a nice day!
i need to know what my to-do list is looking like
what was the company that designed you
restart american gods
got your understanding right.
i was not so clear about your words.
do i have any new inbox message ?
go to rap list
start a game and play with me
Play my yoga playlist.
how would you like to be referred to
What are my meetings for this week?
i want to know the nearest bank's location
thanks for helping me!
what does a geranium look like
How long until my card is delivered?
delete this list
Delete everything from my calendar
Why was there an extra charge when I transferred money?
I transferred money but the recipient does not see the funds in their account?
Please help! I was looking at my account and saw a transaction with a seller I don't remember. Is it possible for you to track the sale, because I really don't think I made a payment to them.
decrease speaker volume
that isn't what i am looking for.
I made a payment but it was returned.
ai, what's your name
How do I receive a virtual card?
what do i need to make chicken noodle casserole
please would you replay your last phrase said.
I got my new card where do I go to activate it?
What time is there a train going from Prague to Brno?
Please male the smart socket turn off
date today?
Set the time
get me to alarm setting
I need my PIN unlocked.
change to normal vocals mode
i need milk on my shopping list
let me call you fred
hey i met one of my old classmates today
Are there any interesting stuff happened today in my Twitter
I no longer need AUD, I need GBP instead, how can I make this happen?
can you explain why my card was declined
how long will it take me to drive to my destination
hey olly turn up the lights a little
will you check it please.
i think not correct command.
what should i do when my visa card is stolen
i like you check question please.
find me a flight from nyc to la on march 1, returning on march 5
What is the most current exchange rate in China
i need you to reset your factory settings
i need to set up direct deposit
what year what the eiffel tower built
Can I get the current time?
let me hear all meetings for today
You like the song?
thanks for reminding me.
let us try it one more again please.
what time is alarm set for
what do you do on off days
is there anything i need to be aware of
can you locate my w-2
Will I be able to track the card that was sent to me?
Did Kim Kardashian go to the Paris fashion shows this year?
is anything different today about blank
nutritional information for celery
What's the capital of Kazakhstan?
please would you cancel it.
tell me about your hobbies
Is there a reason my transfer failed?
Create an email to Toby at Tobytoday dot com
I'm waiting for a transfer from the US, how much longer?
how much australian dollars one can buy for one pound sterling
could you set the alarm
I would rather the Mastercard.
where would the routing number for first utah be located
let me know what flights there are out of dallas to miami on march 10 for under $450
whats the currency exchange rate from dollars to euros
what movie should i watch today
Show alarms
cross grocery shopping off the todo list
thank you for the chat, goodbye
play a rock.
Tell me about the latest sports news
I forgot the passcode on my app.
open davinci code audiobook
yeah perfect response.
I deposited cash this morning and I am still waiting
what is the average wait for transfers
Play for me the Game Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
how much is the minimum payment due for my citicard this month
please change the name of you to tim
got command right.
play the next episode of a podcast
retrieve the light for me
recommend an event happening in my area
play national public radio
please change the lighting to blue
please alert my bank i'm going to be in the caymans from may 1st to june 2nd
Could you please tell me why my purchases from this morning say payment is pending?
Cancel my 5pm daily call
awesome work, you've done well.
Olly, rotate the light colors.
what's the current timezone in barcelona
Tell me the percentage of the chance of rain in Seattle, Washington for today.
can you place a stop on my account
If my identy verifacation hasn't gone through can I use my account?
remove playlist
touch the mute button
no, that is inaccurate
Find some 80s rock
vacuum the living room in ten minutes
Turn off this light
I want a refund, but I haven't received the item yet. Can I cancel it and get my funds back? How do I do that.
what are the steps to direct deposit my check
save this song in my great songs category
Can I be given a new passcode?
My topping up didn't go through.
weather forecast please
Can I automatically top-up when traveling?
what is the square root of 36
Please destroy this list.
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
turn the left light off
Remove chores from my to-do list
roll a die with 6 sides please
I don't recall making that payment?
sorry, can you speak a little faster
play music for me
could you tell me what time it is
how is traffic in city
it seems cold
how can i charge my car battery when it's dead
i want you to call me sheldon
please find my phone
My card payment has been pending for a long time now. Why is it taking so long to take. It should have already made it through.
tell me the time in this time zone
will you add what i'm listening to to my dinner playlist
what on my play list
are you a pet owner and what kind
perhaps either of them
i'm reporting fraudelent activity on my card
what is the yen worth in terms of the peso
What are the details of this event...
what am i gonna need for sushi
much appreciated, olly.
tell me something interesting about los angeles
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
how many points do i have in total on my marriot rewards card
Any charges applicable for new card?
pets you have what kind
Help me find my card pin!
Send a tweet to Apple that their batteries drain too fast
Change that off the list
What number of times can I top-up?
describe london for me please
Search for events in the Chicago area
PDA, does that restaurant allow call-in orders?
What is the process to activate a card
i don't really mind for whatever.
I can't see a verification code anywhere
I want to do a cash top-up
what is john's phone number
add broccoli to my grocery list
in classic all music are there ever any singers
Olly delete everything on the menu
i wanna know a phrase in spanish
tell me what one plus one is
can you set a 30 second timer
can you connect to my phone, please
i do not want to use the socket anymore
was the order delivered
email my friend about our plans tonight
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct answer.
where is the shopping mall for shirts
what is the name of the music playing now
what music service has some soul music i can listen to
where is a walking trail near me
reduce brightness
please say that one more time
Why isn't my refund shown on my statement?
i need help with some fun tourist things to do in tokyo
I have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
hey, stop talking like you're a stretch taped
is a socket converter required if i travel to russia
put the item on the list
have i gotten any mail recently
Put an alert in my calendar every week.
Do I have a work number for Susan?
What channel is Bates Motel on?
what are some way s i can do to improe my credit score
what is the minimum i can pay on my gas bill
please list the best clothing shops near me
martins needs a table for 5 people at tropicana at 8pm precisely
i'm out of checks, please order new ones
Check and delete span emails for the last week
honda stock price
Tell me about ...
I would like to activate my card to use now, can you help me?
get the next episode
date and time
stop and try what said one more time again.
Am I able to use my American Express to add money to my account balance?
How often am I able to top-up?
what is planned for today in my local area
please apply cc visa card for me
get today's weather report
I made a cash withdrawal but the pending status is taking forever.
can you link to my phone
what is the weather right now
john is my name
schedule a sales meeting for wednesday at eleven am
what would cause me to be locked out of my bank account
tell me the name of the song that is playing
once again please.
Is it simple to transfer money using my credit card?
does denmark use different sockets
please immediatly block my presidential bank account right now
i'm grateful for the assistance
would you repeat what you just said
Do you supply both Visa and Mastercard?
how can i contact this person
check to see if picking up glenn from the airport is on my list of reminders
You can do that in just a few seconds. Go to account, hit activate, and follow the directions from there.
when do i next get paid
have any jokes
I bought something but now I would like a refund. How do I do that?
I just got my new card and tried using it and it was declined?
There should be a cash withdrawal that I haven't seen yet.
skip to the next song
open songs from Major Lazer
I would like to track a card sent to me, how do I do that?
i'd like to buy some cooking pans
All new email messages
s1, can you please rephrase this further.
play marvin gaye i want you
can you make an appointment for an oil change
i'm short on flour so place an order for me
do i have any alarms set for tomorrow
train wreck
I received my new card and tried using it today, just to have it show declined over and over again.  Why is this happening?
Hey, I need some help figuring out way my transfer is not complete yet. My Landlord hasn't got the money yet.She should have received it by now.
upcoming events in calendar
do i have anything lists made for christmas shopping
what food do you need to make lasagna
whats a good place to eat around midtown new york
How much does it cost to top up by transfer?
Tune 91.1 Suriyan FM on
Latest world news please.
does that restaurant deliver
i challenge you to a game
call jim
i would love to redeem some smart speakers with my credit card points
what is the schedule time of 'punjab mail' to reach gwalior?
Memo
What's going on? I was just recently charged for an ATM withdrawal. I've never seen this charge before and before it's always been free.
I sent money to a person and they haven't received the payment yet.
can i travel to south africa without getting a shot
show me yesterday's last transaction
Let me know when a new email arrives from Rachel
I was charged and shouldn't have been charged when using my card!
please let me know what's happening to my social media
My PIN is locked, how do I unlock it?
I've just made a money transfer to the wrong account, I need to stop the money from being moved as it may be going to someone I don't know.  Please can you help?
find the set of procedures for a meal course
i don't bother.
Can you change the rate for the item I bought in a different currency as it is wrong?
can you let me know how many pto days do i have left
send to the contact an email as follows:
tweet with consumer service about problem I am facing with the product
use that email address as a contact
Today I had a meeting with George
order travel ticket
hey what is the definition of survey
what is the definition of session
turn the vibrate off from speaker
i need the recipe for hot cross buns
send a complaint to sony about this tv that quit working
call peking garden
When is the next time it will rain?
what's the timezone for brasilia
i need to reset my pin number
Can you tell me what I need to do for the identity check process?
Can you play me some dance music.
i want the news about academy awards
take everything off my to do list
am i able to apply for a new credit card
i want to hear this podcast
will you please assist me with renting a car in boise
Get me a ticket to Boston.
How would I use formidable in a sentence?
I really need some help to understand why my transfer keeps failing. I'm trying to send money to a friend. Please help.
can you check if my application for a discovery card has been looked over yet
is my order at the delivery address
i would like you to check instruction please.
what time does the train arrive at edinburgh
send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china
How old does one have to be to have an account with the bank?
how much did i spend last week
I had a cheque deposited, but I don't see my money yet?
How can i reset my passcode ?
Can you tell my why my card payment has been reverted.
tell me what is next on my query
thanks but i think you are not correct.
how heavy is traffic on interstate twenty
how do i fix my card being declined
get your understanding right.
lower volume
Olly tell me whuch time is it in new york
when is my order ready
If I top up using a European card is there a charge?
Alexa, what is on my calendar for today
how long does it take before you have to change your oil
search for a chili recipe for me
do i need a travel visa to visit germany
where can i find this song
dont do that again.
Someone besides me might be using my card.
send me more checkbooks please
stop making sounds for forty minutes
Does auto top-up have a limit?
i need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone
What is the date of birth of Keanu Reeves?
what kind of gas does this car use
play the radio channel 93.25
thanks for the info
olly please could you just cancel.
sorry but i think you messed up.
It's been some time ago that I placed an order and it just isn't coming. At this point just give me back my money because I'm not paying them.
yes wonderful response to command.
What are some family friendly events in Ft. Lauderdale this weekend?
access coffee maker begin process
what's the average review for olive garden
is there anything special going on nearby
add event book club debbie's house wednesday night
what did jeff post on the yard sale page
what is the process for jump starting my car
where do you live?
i would like to alter my insurance plan
Has anything new happened with _____?
I left my phone at the hotel.
What schedule event do I have for this month.
I could not get my card to work at a shop.
Your company is lame. Shut down all my account services right now.
What payment methods are used to top up?
I tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
who's emailed me recently
What is the traffic like right now?
How many different currencies can I have my money in?
what is my schedule like today
select the information on the contact
Explain why a card payment would be cancelled?
I need to top up, but I have to use an international card.  Is there a cost for that?
PDA, what the sexiest food to cook on a date?
i want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me
are there meeting rooms available between 10-11
i just want to know some information about u
say my name in a sentence
Read upcoming event's
oh it's fantastic.
where's my w-2
can you remind me to mop later by putting it on my to do list today
how is my name saved
confirm my last instruction please.
can you put a stop on my bank account, please
Can I choose whether I receive a Visa or a Mastercard card?
Hi! I was wondering if you can help me. I used the city centre ATM to get some cash, but the machine declined my card. My account shows that transaction is still pending. I didn't receive the money, so please cancel that transaction.
How can I lookup the source for my available money?
rephrase further to me please.
yeap good.
s1, again explain me on what you have said please.
What is the fee for a cash withdrawal?
Please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee.
play football match for myself now
what can i do in new orleans for fun
what kind of lists do i have saved
I forgot my PIN and now it is blocked.
Let me know today's date in American format?
How long does it take to get there
How do I get my card on the app?
what is your favorite pet, a cat or a dog
could you speak once again.
can you turn down the lights by twenty percent
sorry i missed that
make an alarm for fridays meeting at 10am
how many mpg does this car get in the city
Play the latest Seahawks Podcast.
avinash go with me on 5th april movie commando.
What do I do if I do not recognise a cash withdrawal?
what is the credit card apr if you could fill me in
Hello, I see that I have been charged an extra $1 on my app.  Could you please provide me with a reason for this charge?
turn off the light
how healthy is stax chips
Show me the shortest route towards nearest train station.
excellent job, you have done well.
where in syracuse can i book a car
what is on the agenda for today
The app doesn't believe that I am myself
Purchase a new bulb with more brightness
wait, you do not understand me.
how much have i spent recently
you've gotten my instructions correcly.
are you my employee
i did not say this.
I haven't gotten my credit card in the mail.
brighten the light of hall
what is the amount of vacation day i have used
Alexa create a new shopping list.
will you roll a 5 sided dice
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in benton ar
The exchange rate was incorrect for an item I bought.
Who is the artist of this song?
what do i have on my shopping list
fast me the news of academy awards
what is starbuck's stock worth
vacation request information
i didnt make these transactions, i think my card details might be stolen
I broke my card
Is there a disposable virtual card option?
have remainder of the program to listen
Can I see the previous episode?
Can I deposit money using Apple Pay?
Can you tell me a little about yourself?
Describe what a morel mushroom looks like.
speak in a woman's voice
what if you want a new credit card
Do the disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
i would like to change my pin number for my chase account
update work out list with new items
I need to order a new card as my other one was stolen.
are things going well for you
what movie should i go see
would you please check what i last said.
s1, please will you again explain what you just said to me.
I swear that there are 2 payments on the app that I didn't make.  Could my card me stolen?  Please advise what I should do.
There was a fee charged when I paid with my card.
assure my bank i really am going to california
I made a transfer and was charged extra. Why?
what do you want me to call you
could you stop please
flip a coin and tell me if it's heads
is there email id of john in the list
count down for the birthday of XXXXXXXX
Why isn't my refund showing in my statement?
what is the stock price of sensex right now
reply to the email received from mark
repeat the current song
do you like my girlfriend?
Why is the cash withdrawal under pending?
what time am i supposed to pick up john again
What clothes store would you recommend here?
I went skiing today.
I only have one more US credit card, is it accepted?
I found a transfer fee - is that correct?
snooze
I need to transfer some money, can I use my credit card?
what's my pay
Would I be able to get another card for my account, so I could give one to my daughter?
How can I fix my contactless?
What is the exchange rate for Mexico money
I didn't receive my money earlier and it says the transaction is still in progress. Can you fix it?
which timezone is buenos aires in
i have to transfer from one account to my other one
What are the fees associated with top up via transfer?
would you set the coffee maker running
Turn the lamp off
how is dim sum at legend
Please start the radio.
i must know where to get my w2
Why did I only get $20 when I tried to get $100
Rewind to 4:12
how come when i asked for 100 it only gave me 20.00 in the app
Do you offer free ATM withdrawals of ones hometown currency while on holiday?
tweet my complaint about my truck to consumer digest
what time is my meeting with design team scheduled for
where is the closest bathroom to the statue of liberty
There is  a charge I don't recognize.
tell me the singer of this track
What do I need to show who I am?
will you send the email to greg
i want an alarm for six am everyday
I got mugged yesterday and can't use the app.
What's the expected wait time to recieve my new card?
start a cup of coffee for me
where did rama go on his final journey
Why isn't my top up showing?  Was the money reversed?
call an uber now
what type of cheese do i need for my enchiladas
i need you to pair with my phone
I have a new phone number and need to edit my contact information.
Can I change from AUD to GBP?
start my most recently played podcast
how do i change my oil and what kind do i need
Can you tell me the limits for top ups?
i was not so clear about your words.
tell me a joke about a man
please flip a coin i hope its tails
I made a mistake of transferring, can I cancel my previous transfer?
do you know my credit limit for the visa card
please tell me about upcoming alarms
where is the event venue
who you work for
I was charged a fee when I transferred my funds, why?
Ten day forecast for Baltimore
yes you have understood command exactly.
Start the podcast
my credit card application status
Find new music from Jars of Clay for me
can you tell me how to make a vacation request
what is the square of 4
does not matter, olly.
set alarm for tomorrow six am
will i have to apply for a visa if i want to visit mexico
tell me how to make changes to my insurance policy
can you check on the status of my credit card application
how long is the wait at chipotle tonight
What days do I have booked?
I would like to exchange currencies, but is there an extra charge to do so?
please walk me through the steps necessary to rollover my 401k
Are top-ups unlimited?
Does it cost to exchange currencies with this card?
what time will i arrive in austin tx
ARE YOU SET RADIO ON MY FAVORITE RADIO STATION?
tell me where you were created
please try what you've just said again.
current local events
Will there be rain tomorrow in (My Location) ?
i want to see the list of transaction on my bank of hawaii
I would like to know more about what a disposable virtual card is?
I needed cash today, so I used another provider's ATM, and when I attempted to withdraw, it declined. I just checked it out and I'm still showing my account with that amount pending! I didn't take any money out, it was declined, so I don't want that to be processed as a withdrawal.
write a complaint to best buy
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
who is your originator
Who have emailed me recently and what are the subjects of each email?
I requested a refund from Next because the dress I purchased had three arm holes. They said they sent the refund last Wednesday which is nearly a week ago and I still don't have it.  Why not?
how soon till i need to change my tires
Please remove all items on my calendar
Send Danielle an email.
please say one more time.
How can I get my PIN unblocked?
Do you know what the restriction of the disposable cards are?
how would i raise my credit spending by 250 dollars
what is the most current exchange rate in china
lower lights please
The ATM gave me less cash than requested
End pause on audio book history of Rome
switch to whisper mode
Please increase the light.
please let me know when is sam's birthday
What are my reminders for this month?
on third april we will go to watch j llb movie set it
I've been waiting for over an hour for a top up to go through.  How long is this supposed to take?  I really need this money.
tell me a good joke
The app reverted my action when I topped up.
I must quickly transfer something from China, and I need to know how long it will take.
what's the closest holiday after today
how do i braise a pork loin
do I have free time this weekend?
I am having problems with my contactless.
I got my card now, how do I make it show up in the app?
What's it like outside?
this is unimportant, olly.
start Pandora and play the Beatles
find me any news from so clean the last six hours
i'm afraid there is a false transaction on my account
I have 1 other US card.  Can you take that?
where can i find information on oil changes for my car
I was trying to use contactless earlier, but it didn't work.
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with card?
do you speak english
Play music from workout playlist
Why is my card not working anymore?
Cancel my event on June 19th
Remind me about my meeting
I took out cash abroad and the exchange rate isn't correct.
I didn't know I was going to get charged to use my card.
is there a minimum amount accepted
What is the forecast for Saturday?
what should i know about the carry on policy for american
i want to know who made you
give me the opening stock price of sony
Where do I request another card?
will it be rainy tomorrow
My card won't work right now.
read my grocery list
i need a train ticket to rome book ticket
what is the leadtime for a new card to show up in the mail?
Could you please explain why I received a message that my transfer is not possible? I've never had any problems making a transfer in the past.
What's the definition of diverse?
What lists do you have on you right now?
please continue reading audiobook
Who is the singer of Hotel California?
do you have time today for someone to look at my car because the check engine light is on
further explain.
Why isn't my balance updating after depositing cheques and cash.
Raju phone book
which timezone is england in
olly would you please shut up.
play me a recent cover of cherry bomb
delete my groceries list
Please Send an email to toms principal in regards to the meeting we have tomorrow.
I blocked my card by mistake, how do I unblock it?
tell me a dirty joke
when will I get my refund?
What forms of ID work for verification?
Do you receive SWIFT transfers?
PDA name: kill the lights
are there any events going on downtown tonight
I did transfer, why is it pending
can you tell me the time
remind me about shopping 30 minutes later.
please set a timer for 20 minutes
create an item to be added to my list.
i want you to play this game for me
what was my income last year
do i have anything planned for the twenty first
just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning
Your top-up function isn't working, it still says pending even though I know my card works.
does my new bank card have any international transaction fees
hey i met one of my old classmates today
would not mind to select any one, olly.
change this time zone to washington
I made a cash deposit, but it hasn't shown up in my balance yet.
what is the distance to the moon?
call me mike from now on
repeat that
latest news feed from facebook
olly would you shut up.
head lines today from news
set the speakers to mute
you are smart.
Let me know about the alarms you set
Can I get cash with this card anywhere?
How much does it cost to get a new card?  Mine is almost expired.  How fast does it come?
What is accepted in regards to cards and currencies?
set an alarm for two hours from now please
thanks but it's not the correct command.
how do i get my pin number, i forgot mine
set the alarm to seven am for work
please can you once again elaborate me on this.
check all cab companies and get a time booked for three pm
when can i put a pto request in for feb 22 to march 1
define alarm
i don't know the answer
Is it possible to give a second card for this account to my daughter?
what is your perception of the meaning of life
what is my insurance coverage
If I want to select a new PIN what do I do?
Why was I charged a fee for using my card
do you have the mailing address for the electric company
How do I deactivate a stolen card?
Did you change the wallpaper?
please check if paradise does takeaway
i want you to change your accent to the male british one
how much later is new york than la
where is a good place to eat cheap pakistani food
Is there a fee for exchanging cash?
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple of days already that doesn't seem to move
How are currencies exchanged?
define discretionary
The app said I withdrew cash at an ATM and I didn't
pause resume
My refund for a purchase hasn't  cone through yet.
I was expecting my new card and am wondering why I haven't received it yet?
once again explain it to me.
I think the bank made a mistake on the exchange rates
could not get your answer.
how soon until you send me replacement card
How do I link an existing card?
turn on when plugged in else turn off
could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
Remind me of Sarah's birthday three days ahead of time.
What road is longest?
either or should work
The wrong rate was applied to an item I bought in a currency different from mine. Can this be changed?
best bar in local area
what alarms are set in the house
i love the song do you
My account got charged for taking out cash, why did this happen?
on the music player set the volume level at sixty
Please positive tweet on Hp services.
i need to change my pin number for my savings account
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
Lost password
i am hungry and need a restaurant suggestion
tell me the points on my delta rewards card
I would like to know what the restrictions are for the disposable cards.
it's good job, i appreciate it.
can you call my mom
in brooklyn, i need a hotel room for 4 from 3/15 until 3/20
Check emails from MGCCC
if i found a lost card can i put it back in app
does marios in brooklyn take reservations
tell me the time in san francisco, please
what would be the conversion between tablespoons and teaspoons
is it safe to fly to russia
Give me the definition for animal
near by super market
please read me my alarms
Speak louder please.
your name please
please tell me when i can become rich if i invested in dow stocks today and what will be the return after five years
olly set meeting at 7pm
Customer service complaint - tweet the following...
what do i need to use to make lasagna
go to online site
is my order due yet
put shoes on my list
what's the latest news about us election
how's my gas mileage while driving through a city
i believe there's fraud on my card
I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It should not have been done so.
How long until my transfer goes through?
start audio playback of twilight again
i have a fraudulent transaction from red robin on my account
tell me a good joke
Where do I need to go in the app to enter my card info?
oh no, you gave me not right information.
Will Sting be in Tampa Florida soon
it's necessary to call michael
can you please check my last question.
can you tell me what haggis looks like
Hashtag loving this weather post to twitter
Can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
olly that is enough, cancel.
Can I top up with Google Pay?
Give me a refund
Can you tell me the temperature for Saturday night?
can you help me find the answer to this question
how many calories are in oranges
Can you tell me what are disposable cards for?
How can a payment be declined
What is on the list for today ?
Olly has David got back to me yet?
Can I exchange currencies usign this app?
reply an email to jason that i will not come tonight
What is the verification code on a top-up?
request a taxi from udrive service
remove 'pencil' from stationary
vacation request information
my card is damaged
i need to bring my car in because the check engine light is staying lit
save all of my preferences information specific to songs
REPLAY THE MUSICS
please play that song that goes, "starships were meant to fly
Make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
is the traffic free in some particular road
Can I update my details?
What's on a list about my meetings this month?
Anyone for tennis?
include asparagus on the list
change status
what is the amount of time i can request off in the coming year
How much time do I have to boil an egg?
I want my purchases cancelled.
amazing job, you've done well, olly.
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but I was denied
I eat breakfast at 8am
your understanding was exact.
mute the speaker please
I'm really upset because I made a typo during a transfer and now I've sent money to the wrong account.  I can't fix this with the app.  Please help me immediately!
can you tell me what i have spent on food recently
Suggestions for future
let me know who your boss is
what is googs current price
I want a refund on the things i bought
remind meeting with sara on monday
how often should i get my tires changed
Will it rain later in Manila?
set alarm for 03/06/2017 at 5am
do you know my credit score
What steps are taken to transfer money into my account?
tell me what my day looks like today in terms of meetings
i would like all of these things on my shopping list ordered
How long does it take for cards to be delivered after ordering them?
please tell me the name of this band
influx
suggest me a good restaurant
would you let me know if you are a cat or dog person
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
how can i transfer money from american express card
My card hasn't came in the mail yet?
please make me a coffee
i need someone to look at my car and tell me why the light is on
Where are you cards supported?
i need a reminder to alert me to wish my mom a happy birthday
turn the lights down in the living room
I would like to reply to Sarah's email.
from december 22nd to the 25th, make me a pto request
i need to figure out what to do about lost luggage
Are you content with being inside a PDA?
Play NPR on the car radio.
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
I have an issue. I bought something within the past one to two weeks and have received one of the products; however, today the total was returned to my account. What's going on here?
COULD YOU PLEASE REMOVE MY CARD DETAILS FROM VALLET.
I've tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
i lost my card, how do i report it
Order 1 burger
what's on my schedule for may 3
I want to get a Visa card
Siri, what does survey mean?
Get me answers
thank you very much for that information.
that's not what i meant.
my card split in half, how do i report it
i agree with the truth of what you just said
can you delete the dentist appointment?
search for any travel alerts for canada
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash
Lights up.
what is the best interest rate i can get from now on
What will happen if I want to add money using an international card? Will I run into any fees?
tell me the carry on rules
Help me please, I need to top up cash.
Do I have a meeting for today in my calendar?
Olly play a good track from my favourite jazz player
I didn't make these transactions. Is someone else using my card?
what is three times seven
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
Turn it up, Olly!
Why can't I top up?
list all the shots i need to travel to france
robbie needs to know aboutthis so would you text robbie to let them know
I got a message that I cannot name X as a beneficiary.
hey can you please make me a creamy coffee
Play 989 the radiostation
Is my account accessible even though my verification of my identity has not passed yet?
What's the transfer time from Europe?
A percentage fee was charged to my withdrawal.
book me a car rental in wichita
what hobbies do you have alexa
What's the top up limit?
how much money did i spend at starbucks in the last week
I am seeing a weird payment showing up that I know I did not make, how can I get it cancelled?
Why do I have to pay extra for using my card?
can i redeem my points by transferring them to someone as a gift
My top up did not go through yet.
I am still waiting for a transfer to show
Is there a fee when I add money to my international card?
Reply email to Charlotte
how do i redeem my credit card points
how do i find information about my credit score
how much money have i recently spent on stuff
please note vacuuming on my to do list
i need to know how many vacation days i have
i like r n b
did you get my last command correctly?
Please make me nice coffee
get me a flight booked from houston to phoenix with american airlines
I sent a payment but it isn't showing up in the app
go to social media and post the following status
order two large pizzas and pieces of hot wings from dominoes
please turn on the smart socket
In reviewing my statement, I show I have two charges for the same purchase at the same time, which I have not made in duplicate? How do I get this solved?
Which ATMs accept this bill of fare ?
through mobile phones
how come my card was not accepted yesterday
reduce the lights
tell me what is on my calendar for tomorrow
put on station 105.3
time time is the holiday party at the office
start over.
reset alarm
i want to hear radio head please
where is my phone
Why am I being charged to make cash withdrawals? I thought they were supposed to be free!
I can't get my virtual card to work at all
when is sunset
let's do it again please.
reset all settings to the factory settings
I was declined when I tried to get cash.
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
I want to do a bank transfer to this bank, from an account at another bank.
can you please put the vacuum on
just to confirm you set the alarm to go off at eight hundred
can you tell me how many points i have on my kohls card
Clean the floor, please
what sorts of activities should i get up to while i am in dublin
i think this was wrong answer.
tell me my latest email
what is on the agenda for the four pm meeting with joe
could someone look at my check engine light that's on
For the disposable cards, what are the restrictions?
Is there any way to verify who I am?
do i have alarms set before six in the morning
can you tell me whats on my shopping list
How will be the weather at night
can you tell me a nice joke
Is there any type of fee for currency exchange?
need information about events before shift ends
i want to listen to soft rock
change the time zone from washington to new york
has there been any notice that my card app has been looked at
Please help me with the amount that i have withdrawn from the ATM today, the ATM has given me wrong sum of amount, and i could see that the app is displaying the greater amount than taken out.
how many phone numbers do i have for brenden
How often can I top up?
does tartine in san francisco take reservations
check detail please.
What is the weather in Seattle now?
what is the total number of days that i have taken off work since january
can you do a coin flip for me
what is the weather doing in austin
I would like to know how I can verify my Identity.
would you please check and confirm it.
what's the timezone for san diego
start up the coffee machine
are there transaction fees for discover cards used in rome
could you confirm the question please.
I topped up but the app denied it
are there any active events for march 4th 2019
can I top up an apple pay?
stop, just stop
how much do i pay in my taxes
Are both Visa and Mastercard offered?
Show me omorrows weather in this area.
change my pin number for my checking account
My card has been pending for a while, what should I do?
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
i would like to know your name
Let's play a game.  How about tic-tac-toe
please let me know the status of my vacation request
switch to quiet mode
Why didn't the ATM give me all my money
How is the traffic presently near Central park road.
show me boston's current time
Is Gus's a take out place?
go back to the midnight series
Hello, Please look into this matter urgently. As i have lost my wallet and i can see one withdrawal, now i do not want to loose more money.
can you cancel the reservation i have at 4 pm at ruth's
when I came back from this place?
lessen the the light glow
what time is my wakeup alarm set for
tell me what's happening on social media
access latest news
when does iphone stock usually drop
can you remove this item from the list
What is the time in Las Vegas?
i really would like to get a new insurance plan
how many dollars can i exchange for 75 euros
Open Google Keep
could you check it.
Can I open up an account for my child?
Show me the demographic growth rate of Switzerland in the last ten years
i want to know what i have to do
set reminder for tomorrow to eat
do you want to play
what preventative measures can i take to avoid a low credit score
what is the time in boston
tell me when i need to leave the airport
What should I do if I can't use my card?
turn off lights in my room
i want my account frozen
My top up was denied
complaint on service provider on my twitter
how is traffic in city
Program coffee machine to brew coffee in 2 minutes.
where do i get the tax form that shows my wages
Can you give me a visa?
start spider
quiet on
shall we meet for today's party
play me a radio channel for trance music
would you please check the details.
set a timer to go off in 1 hour
what is the best method to decide what the best thing to do isre
show me the transaction on macys
I want to know why my top-up was reverted
i do not know, olly.
Can I cancel an order if I haven't received the item yet? And how can I get my money back? Please help. Thanks.
How do you feel today
what do i do to change my car's oil
Remind me every 1st of the month.
will you explain further on what you've said please.
could you tell me about the alerts i have set
olly that is all, just cancel.
Set a meeting with Mr Fox for Thursday at 2pm.
remove noodles from the list
what track am i listening to
What fiat currencies are supported?
Where can I find Japan?
how can i say "cancel my order" in french
Are there discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
did i tell you to remind me about laundry
Will this app exchange currencies?
what did apple stock close at yesterday
i like red colour for my home change it
I completed a transfer within the UK two days ago, but it is still not showing received.  I have verified the account number is correct already.  Is there anything else I need to do or is there a problem?
How do I find the exchange rate?
it turns out my card was declined at fry's and i would like to know why
What is Leonardo DiCaprio's networth?
Can I wear my sandals today?
Enter a reminder in my calendar for 3pm meeting tomorrow.
My account seems a bit off and getting weird charges.
There are multiple instances where you added a fee to the payment, as well as some where you didn't. Do you have an outline of when a fee will be added?
what is the year to date total on my vacation days
my visa was stolen
what alarms have i set for tomorrow
Please record what I have said about this song.
house lights blue
my friends call me carrie
what is the song that is currently playing
tell me more about that concert
appreciate the answers.
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Indian Rupee
Ten percantages of hundred
im sorry can you repeat yourself
has may supervisor approved the vacation days i asked for
will i need a visa to travel to cancun
Do I need a raincoat today
Hey Olly, what time is it in Orlando, Florida?
i'd like to know where you're from
will i need a plug converter when i visit costa rica
Add to my calendar daily call at 5pm
Is there any way I could open an account for my daughter?
Can you read the names of my lists of reminders?
please ring the wake up alarm at eight am next saturday
For you, how long do transfers normally take from a UK account? I completed one just now but nothing appears. I just need to be sure everything is okay.
locate nearby dining places
how can i cash in the rewards i earned with my visa card
tell me if flipping the mattress is on my list of reminders please
when do i have to pay my water bill by
Why is the payment showing as pending from things I bought this morning?
can you tell me if you're human or if you're a computer
search for a flight out of la to chicago on march 3rd for under $500
Why do we need to verify top-ups?
Why are you keeping my money from me by declining my card? What is going on?
can i increase the credit limit on my maurices card
my identity hasn't been verified and i can't edit my details, what's next
Can I have a tangible form of my virtual card.
put on some metallica music
please delete the shopping list
In what places can I use my card?
i wanna disconnect from my phone
please list nearby restaurants with 4 or more star reviews
tweet your waiting time sucks tag koc
what is the current stock price of....
find a taxi to go home
get the beat
cut off noise
what do i need to do to apply for a visa card
What temperature is it safe to eat pork?
Make a schedule for meeting with our customer next week.
Can you explain why I was charged extra when I used the card?
Why was I charged extra on my app?
send a post in instagram
i need to know if i have reservations at arufflo at 5 pm
set an alarm for the dance classes two hours before the classes start
i want to listen arijit singh song once again
off all the lights on the right side
turn on the geyser
tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today
can you check and confirm the question please.
how deep is the deepest point of the grand canyon
I have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
activate coffee machine
can you stop speaking
Where do I go to cancel a transaction?
what next?
Will I be charged for receiving the money?
I got an cancellation error when I was topping up.
will someone please look at my check engine light that is on
tomorrow is a sunny day, right?
i really thank you
I purchased something and already received it, why hasn't the money taken out?
Could my daughter open an account?
What is the exchange rate of currency in UK
book a flight from pensacola, fl to houston, tx on 17 february 2019 and returning on 7 march 2019
play the latest seahawks podcast
PDA I am the living blues.
what train companies are near me
what is the carry-on policy for flights on jetblue
what do i call you, ai
I attempted to top up my car today, it failed! I just got it a couple of days before and it worked then. What is going on with it?
Can you please check if I was charged twice?
In what way can I use the disposable cards?
I just transferred some money into my account and do not see it updated yet, can you assist?
How come my card payment has been declined?
i want to know fun facts about koala bears
what is happening in the world news
please tell kmart they sent the wrong item
how much is amazon stock
I just recently got a new beach condo in Bora Bora, and to furnish it I used this account a lot from overseas. It's upsetting, being a long-time customer of yours, that I saw extra fees on my account from my currency transfer. Is this what I should expect from you in the future?
Robotic sentience
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
what was the name of my last email
can you get me a train ticket to nyc
My card data has been exposed.
I don't need that event anymore.
Time left for 10 am
Please compain that my mobile is in the service centre for too long.
Send email to liz
instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in ten minutes
do i have a meeting with paul today
reset device to original settings
Please share up to the minute details on Sprint.
it is unimportant for me, olly.
is everything ok with you
My top-up has been reverted and I would like to know why.
Help me activate my card.
where am i located
I'd like to discuss an order I placed quite a long time ago. I have yet to receive it and am growing upset.  I want a refund as I now refuse to pay for the product.
yes that is confirmed.
would you play some music please
My card never arrived.
events upcoming
Hello, I am buying a flat and need the inital payment for the mortgage to go through. It keeps showing up as error, what is going on? Can you please help me make this transfer?
check to see if pizza hut has my order on the way
i think you did not get this correctly.
can you please check my last question.
This is URGENT, I typed the wrong payment information for a payment I needed to make and have clicked send, I need to reverse the transaction immediately.
tell me about any travel alerts issued for germany
book a train ticket for friday april fourteenth for boston
who made you
health
What should I do if I want to get another card for someone in my family?
Is snow coming tonight?
i need to get my paycheck direct deposited to my chase account
please confirm my reservation for 2/20 at 8 pm
How do I add money to my card?
send ten dollars from bank of america to capital one
My card don't work.
There is a payment that I made that hasn't gone through yet.
Order a pizza from Pizza Express
when's my next oil change due
Weather forecast for this week
is hayden still living on turnpike lane
how much is the charge of using my card in italy during my stay there
do a hard reset
what was last sent to me in my social media feed
My card is expiring so how fast can I get a new one and how much will it be?
book a train ticket on the five hundred and two in fifteen minutes
olly that's enough, just cancel it.
can i give you instructions in japanese
change lights from red to blue
can i plug in my electronics there like normal
what do i need to set up direct deposit
Show me New York Times news.
I tried entering my pin several times incorrectly. Why isn't my pin working?
play the song for me
turn off bedroom light at nine thirty pm
While abroad I got cash, and a wrong exchange rate was applied.
which company were you designed by
what's the point of everything
I'm tired of all the problems I've had. I want to quit this account!
What places accept my card?
Play Criket
i want to listen to music by the beatles
i want dimmer lights
i want you to help me make a decision by flipping a coin
Why is my PIN blocked?
Where is the transfer to my account?
My source of funds need verification.
so how many days did i take off
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of passive?
Alexa, what's the topic of the news today?
It is 9:00 here. What time is it in California?
I guess exchange rate for my payment was not correct, as i charged extra on the last saturday.
Tell me why there is a charge on my cash withdrawl.
i was at safeway trying to buy groceries and my card got declined
are you sending me my card?
Why do I see a random withdrawal in my app?
mute for twenty minutes
Search for new jokes
The refund doesn't show in my account
How many cups are in a pint?
Olly, tell me whats going on tomorrow
how many pounds are in 10 kilos
for how much is hp selling for
what is the time difference between eastern time and pacific time
it was confirmed.
oh it is nice one, olly.
what subjects are you versed in
turn all lights off during the day
i need you to make my bank aware that i will be visiting taiwan from the 22nd of february until the 3rd of march
what do you mean by that.
There is a direct debit transaction that I did not authorize
when is bank holiday
I need a number of disposable cards everyday.
set my alarm for twelve pm
I keep getting an error message when I'm trying to transfer funds! Why aren't you accepting that?
can you book a train ticket to berkeley for me
what gas should i fill it up with
stop that that's not what i want.
I did a bank transfer to top up, but the money is not available.
lindafancy55@gmail dot com
Am I able to get a refund for something I bought?
what is derek's phone number
i need to know my interest rate
show me chinese food near me
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
Show me a video on cooking  Fried chicken
start coffee
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
What is my email from Steve about?
is the restaurant having delivery facility
change color
how is friend spelled
do you know of any good free knitting patterns
Where can I find out where my funds came from?
play edm music
it seems like your command you have gotten is not right.
i want to buy something
I would love it to be able to physically lift/maneuver objects
Do I have repair work today?
I found my card, I would like to reactivate it.
tell me how you've been
yes sir
How can i reset my passcode ?
Can I have a duplicate second card?
tell me about Donald Trump
start radio play
find out what the word abrogate means for me
order all items on my shopping list
the list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry
volume down
what's with the block on my bank account
How long will this take to get to me?
that's all, cancel.
go ahead and flip that coin, i choose heads
what is my credit max
I WANT TO SAY SOMETHING ABOUT THIS SONG.
i would not really mind, olly.
raise volume
naw
Sanctimonious definition
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
What time is it in Pacific Standard Time?
show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
Schedule dinner with Sara and Jamie
is it ok to use ketchup instead of mustard
how to cook
show me how to transfer to my account
help me find my cellphone
Do you accept Mastercard?
Set an alarm for 5 minutes from now.
maybe it is
Give me election updates.
Do you know if there is a tracking number for the new card you sent me?
I made a transaction this morning and would like to revert it.
I tried to withdraw $100, all it gave me was $20.
I know there's money in my account, why did my account decline me?
I am looking to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service provided by you.
It looks like someone besides me ordered something with my card, what should I do?
which month is the one in which my card expires
when will my next paycheck be coming
I use my card internationally to manage payments and I just noticed that you are adding additional fees.  Why?  I am a good customer and this has me thinking about leaving.
turn lights off in bedroom
change to something that's not whisper mode
what tune is this
let me know my bank of america routing number
stop, i changed my mind
change your language prefrences japanese
New email, recipient Donna, do you have plans for today?
How many months in a year?
PDA can you schedule me for a hair cut on April 1st in Saskatoon.
please look up the next holiday for me
Is tomorrow's appointment in the Middletown office?
when will my order arrive
Can I use my new card?
please confirm my reservation for morton's at 5 pm
Can I get support?
What are your exchange rates calculated from?
What's the date tomorrow?
sorry, can you speak a little quicker, please
olly please shut off.
google uber
tell funny things
how much do i owe in bills
What do you demand for identity verification?
add event to calendar
Are there going to be fees from adding money with an international card?
how can i change my details
i'd like to redeem my credit card points
disable music player
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
i want to freeze my bank account
I found my card in my jacket this morning, so can I reactivate it?
Why was there an extra charge because I used my card to pay?
Create a new event on my calendar
change to factory settings now
Is it possible to give a second card from my account to my daughter?
what movie should i watch today
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
tell me time of alarm you set
can you tell me the ingredients used in pasta sauce
add new email to anna
what will my federal tax return be
how old is rihanna
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct answer.
Is my birthday this month?
Define alarm
i would like to hear heathens by twenty one pilots
Why can't I make a transfer?
Am I allowed to hold money in multiple currencies?
all metings between 10th and 13th May
tell me the last time i had my car checked out at sam's repair shop
how long does it take until i reach the sky harbor airport
capacity , new technics of audio capacity, retrieval capabilities for personal or business use...etc.
give me something interesting about stars
Delete all events for the next five days
oh that is fantastic work.
open my list
I placed a cheque but the funds aren't there
Hi there! I need to cancel an order I recently made and start processing a refund. Can you please help me with this and set up the refund as soon as possible? It's very urgent.
PDA, show me cooking websites.
i asked for 100 only got 80
please tell me what my credit score is
can you spell "diatribe" for me
Should I just wait until the post office sends a change of address form?
alarm set
Can I get a card even though I live in the US
activate music
what is my old navy card's rewards balance
I would like to delete my account please.
i would like ms johannson and ms alba to be informed of my location
please replay that.
who was in the beatles
are there any roadblocks
What is that event?
tell me a joke about aliens
I want to know more about this event.
am i free between six to seven pm
audio
Have you heard any good music lately
check my calendar for me, please
you have gotten it right.
send email to marissa
Why are there fees for card usage?
My top up did not show up as shown and my money has disappeared, can you help me fix this glitch problem?
how big is the grand canyon
fight me in street fighter
would you please schedule a reservation for 2 at lucky's under the name sam at 7:30pm
what are you familiar with
what is my list
What about an auto top-up, is that a option?
is this a person talking to me or a computer
I noticed that i got charged extra for using the card.
There is a payment in the App that is not mine.
is there any new news on trump
play fmod
Whats the max I can top up
Can I get a few more physical cards?
what color is the sky
remove my dinner event for monday
Why am I being charged more on exchange with things I bought abroad?
Who is the top of the music chart for 2017?
Who can request disposable cards?
i'd like to find the date that my gas bill is due
How do I deactivate a stolen card?
create a meeting event in my calendar
I wasn't allowed to transfer to my account
i want to hear what i've just said again.
I just pulled money out of the ATM and was charged a fee, WHy?
false for sure
What are the steps I should take to recover my swallowed card?
Are there specific ATM's that I can draw money from?
what can i ask you all about
i saw a bulldog today
is there bad traffic on the highway right now
if i get a visa can i travel to japan
play the most recent podcast for this american life
I did a transfer but the balance is the same.
will you shut up please.
How long does it take in Europe to do a transfer?
I tried using my ATM card at your Notting Hill location today.  It did not work.  Am I doing something wrong?
My credit card was just denied for top up! Can you tell me why this happened and what's going on?
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards that I need to be aware of?
can you please check what i last said.
is it possible to only talk in spanish
Let's play workout playlist
what is the most fun fact you know about the film industry
Can you add my business meeting to the work calender?
i had a horrible service at olive garden i need to tweet them
audio up
this is not the correct answer.
I want to order some takeout food
undo
Is 23 december sunday
you can address me as lizzie
Do I get charged if I get money?
What does it cost to receive a SEPA transfer?
I have made a card payment but it did not completed still showing as pending. Please tell me when it will be completed.
I got less cash than the one I specified in the ATM
give details of rock sand
get ready for the upcoming meeting before the given time
clear my calendar for may 3rd
How can I link the new card?
deadpool
What are the upcoming concerts in Dallas?
i want exact time in washington right now
what day am i on on vacation and how much do i got left
turn off my room lights
how little can i pay towards my car insurance
will you retry what said.
where should i avoid this morning
please reset that.
Why was my transfer stopped ?
How to barbecue a steak well
please fix the wrong command.
Please help me with my card.  It won't activate.
I tried taking money from the ATM but no money came out, but the transaction is still pending? How is this possible?
Do a tournament with me in Candy Crush
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
what's your city of origin
how's microsoft's stock
what is the city fuel efficiency for this car
can you text christopher and tell them im on my way
what is the scheduled arrival time for my flight
Why are there additional fees for transfers?
i'm looking for a good suggestion for norse cuisine
add running to my calendar for thursday
what is the amount of gas left
make a roll of the dice
ESS WEEK KI SABHI IMPORTANT EVENT KO NOTE KARO.
what is the current traffic in washington town
anything will be ok with me.
How can I tell what foreign exchange rate I will get?
does brick grill deliver
do i need to get any shots before i travel to morocco
There's a €1 fee on my statement, why?
can you tell me if there is anything on my todo list
how can i cash in the rewards i have earned on my amex
How long do bank transfers usually take?
turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
can you show me the transactions that were made last night at the restaurant
Olly, make a calendar entry for next Saturday at ten a.m., please.
its make me good lucking guy inside very very horkersd wo
where do I request a disposable virtual card?
how much is my xfinity bill this month
please immediatly block my presidential bank account right now
:PDA are you alive
can you read me my latest emails
Is it cloudy today, Is the wind calm today
i need for you to tell me what is on my shopping list
when i go to mexico, what kind of plugs do i need
Remind me about the meeting tomorrow 1 hour before
light settings
rise volume
Why am I not allowed to add a certain beneficiary?
book a train ticket from canada to las vegas
i need to hear what i said again.
please play podcasts on science
What color is a basketball?
My card is being declined online. Could you tell me what might be broken or wrong with the account?
check to see how many days off i have used in total so far
How long does it take to make meatloaf?
add this new email with contact
what is my schedule like today, any meetings with dan
is there a name that you preferred to be called by
is it safe to travel to norway
olly i would talk to you later on.
put alarm on
please speak quieter to me
THIS IS IMPORTANT EVENT, PLZ NOTE ON MY CALENDAR.
the programmer who made you is who
what is the correct spelling for malignant
Hello, there was an error while attempting top-up with my card this morning. I was able to use the card two days ago with no issues. Could you please assist?
Why does my payment appear as pending?
When was the Bolshoi theatre constructed?
what sort of things do you enjoy
do i need to get gas soon
what is the name of this song
this was not correct command.
Lower the volume on the speakers.
when is my oil change expected
my exchange rate looks wrong for my last payment
please be quiet
My bag got stolen with all my cards. Can you please cancel my card and send a new one?
i love zydeco jams
I want to activate my new card.
how can i tell what the interest rate on my money market account is
I logged in wrong and am blocked, how do I log in?
book me a train for the next available train
mahaboobsayyad@gmail dot com
calorie content of dr pepper
Set my alarm for Tuesday at 6pm.
i must know the closest gas station to glendale
what amount of time would it take me to reach the university by bus
what is the current song called
please call china wok and order number seven
my card is too scratched and won't read correctly
Can my friend send me money?
book my first class ac train ticket from new york to san francisco
oh it is nice one, olly.
thanks for the answer.
What would the approximate delivery date be if I transferred something urgently to China?
book an uber to pick me up now
uh no, you've done in wrong manner.
i want my entire shopping list ordered
Where does the Nile end?
Give me a traffic update.
more volume please
What is the current song called?
can i order take out food at this time
I like the background song
start new smart socket
i must have you repeat that
i should get my tires checked, schedule that
what will the apr on my transferred balance be after the first year on my bank of america credit card
can i store bread in the freezer indefinitely and it will still be okay
tell me the area code for jen k
please will you explain further on your words.
Report weather for 33774.
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, when should it be going through?
can you confirm instruction.
how about u
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
What kind of free activities can i do locally this week?
Notify me of the meeting on tuesday
make me coffee in five minutes
should i go through the valley or on the ten to get to westwood
can you update me with the status of flight dl123
what day is the meeting on
i'd like to get some more checkbooks mailed to me, if i can
remove fries from my shopping list
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at three pm next friday
can you tell me one more time again.
what type of plug do they use in mexico
I'm in a meeting, please do not speak.
how many times have i taken off from work this year
i need guidance on how to rollover my 401k
What's the normal time frame for a transfer from a UK account? After just making a transfer it doesn't appear at all. I need to know if things went okay.
tell me how i know when i need an oil change
can i refer to you as liz
i want to hear everything on my todo list
Can I quickly send a transfer from China?  How long will it take?
what sorts of subjects are you well versed in
what are the train schedules to New York
can i get a cup of coffee
Play some carnatic songs
please book a taxi in uber for me to go to the airport today
in chile, what kind of plugs are used
what kind of oil should i use for my current car
What has Trump done now?
olly would you just cancel it please.
Please arrange a train ticket for me
are you currently a pet owner
when am i gonna be meeting roger
tell me some interesting trivia about dinosaurs
please could you check detail.
How can I access my account when I have lost my phone?
how long do i cook this dish of rice
Tell me the time now.
when is president's day
give me some health tips
Who should I expect to be at the meeting today?
Need help with my card. It's not working.
how good is the apr on my mastercard compared to others
it doesn't matter to me, olly.
what type of animal is living in your home
There's an error with the rate that is charged.
Set the colour of light to red
yeap perfect.
which health plan am i currently enrolled in
How to change my address.
PDA, Can you notify the event in my calendar?
can you let me listen to elvis
Can you tell me how much one dollar in the US is in Mexico?
Is there a location where I can change my PIN?
you have done it correctly thank you so much.
Is my pending cash withdrawal processed?
I would like a refund for something I bought
My day was great
Where can I order a card?
what do you say for my name
what kind of plug does my hair dryer use in south korea
Where can I find the "auto-top" feature?
it does not matter with me.
i want you just stop it.
I made a terrible mistake when typing in my account number.  I accidently sent money to the wrong account.  I noticed the app won't allow me to void the transaction.  Can someone help me with this immediately?
noodles one pack make it as takeaway
How do I verify the source of my funds?
Why am I seeing a fee for transferring money?
can you tell me some fun things to do in kentucky
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
doesn't matter.
i wouldn't really care, olly.
please tell me who is going to win the nba championship
tell me why my card got declined
nearest way to return home
My card payment is just showing up as pending and it has been a while , what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
I would love to hear the playlist I created for my wedding.
Could you describe that object please.
Hello there, I tried using crypto top up today but it's not working for me, might it be due to the kind of bank I'm using or the country that I'm from?Money is also missing from my account
Why was my card payment cancelled?
what sort of gas should i get for my car
switch on the vacuum cleaner
can you book me a flight to memphis from st louis on delta airlines
Can I receive a new card while I am in China?
I want to finally read the Mars trilogy
look up the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
i need to know the difference between inches and centimeters
tell me the timezone las vegas is in
Could you please check if I am free on Thursday afternoon? If so, add a reminder to go to the food festival
i want to listen to electric slide
what was the weather for the week
I did not make a cash withdrawal that is on my statement
delete all recurring staff meetings
Is there Christmas on 22nd.
play me an upbeat song through your speakers
are there travel alerts for europe
I want to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
are there any accidents today
clarify what you have said once again to me please.
cancel the event 'valentine's day' from the calender
find coding tutorials
Delete the shopping list
if i am going to the uk are any specific shots needed
How do I go about getting a refund?
I Withdrew cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I received the cash already?
i would like to start calling you heath
i want to hear <unk>
My passcode is not being accepted
create a new list for me please
could you get john's email address for me
olly remind me about tomorrows meeting tonight
How can I use my American Express to add money into my account?
please confirm my reservation for dinner at gusto handcrafted pasta & pizza at 6:30 pm
Weekly weather report
How much is one dollar in euros?
my dog swallowed my credit card and i need a new one
Help!  I can't find my card.
Turn on some radio station.
find me round trip flights out of lax to sfox
please add what i listen to to my lolla playlist
22nd April day
i need an alarm set please
can you please give me john's email
i like songs from
How can I transfer money into my account?
What will I need to verify my identity
take me to music player
start the smart plug
is the answer of five plus two seven
can you say it one more time again please.
whats today
Alexa, spread some lights
I would like to track the card you sent to me.
Why would a cash withdrawal be pending?
turn off eight am alarm
what time is it in the other time zones
what's the best chicken place near me
How do I activate and link my new card?
Where did the  €1 fee in my statement come from
please inform me of any new status updates
when is the train coming
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
I was charged an incorrect exchange rate for a withdrawal.
i need the full date for today
please update me the traffic status
do i have anything scheduled in my events
are you working for someone other than me
Alexa play my country playlist.
turn off my smart plug in thirty minutes
Open calendar, remove all events
i was at publix trying to buy some food but my card wouldnt work
stock exchange rates
change my music player volume to eighty percent
If I exchange currency frequently, can I get a discounted rate?
There is a pending payment on my account that is very strange. I don't remember making this and it won't go away. Can you help me figure this out?
I happened to forget my passcode
Is the 23rd of April a Saturday?
s2, i couldn't quite catch up with you.
turn off my alarm
how do i say dinner in spanish
Hello. How long does it usually take to transfer money to another country? I've made sure all the information is correct, but the transfer still says that it's "pending."
when is the kiss concert?
Will it be warm enough after lunch to not need my jacket?
Start a reply to Marleen's most recent email.
Can I receive a new card while I am in China?
s2, i am unclear about it.
play any pop fm channel
What does hesitant mean?
would you need more shots to go to mexico
let's try what said one more again please.
play my morning playlist
adjust light when i get home
How long should I cook a hamburger on each side
I have moved.  Where can I update my details?
The ATM won't give me my card back. I need it back now!
My top-up failed to go through.
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card?
i'd like to report my card as stolen, please
how is the traffic presently near central park road
I see a charge on my account that I don't recall making. I feel like my account may have been compromised.
Are there any fiat currencies that you will not work with?
find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the us please
I just got a card, how can I add it to the app?
is there anything happening in town this weekend
i think you have done the task all wrong.
volume down
what is the caloric value of a cookie
tell me my music likes
please tell me how to ask for a taxi in french
would you buy me a phone
switch the smart plug socket
I made a purchase a few weeks ago but wasn't happy with it so recently requested a refund from the supplier.  Can you check where the money is?
How do I find my new pin?
find jokes on the web
List shops in Douglasville GA
the statement is false
I placed a cheque but the funds aren't there
i would like to transfer $5 from savings to checking
what is the distance to austin city limits from my hotel , the holiday inn at austin
find out the next available date and time i can go to get my oil changed please
Tell me how to cook pasta.
Can I get my card expedited?
If I'm getting my identity verified, what all do I need?
that does not matter with me.
pontificate definition
please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow ten in the morning
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
turn the lights on
how far is parana river
add to list
Can I have it add money at certain time intervals when I travel?
what is a monitor
thanks but that's not the right answer.
reserve the closest uber
What can I do to make my physical card work?
how long have you been alive
Can you tell me how to get a disposable virtual card?
I signed up, but don't have a PIN. Where can I find it?
There's an extra fee on my statement, why is that?
I see some fees for cash withdraw.
tell comcast their customer service is slow
Play my Morning playIst
find stock price for name
can i get a new pet insurance plan
hey what's today's date
If you send me more cards, are there any charges?
Tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
wake me up at this time
what are movies that are playing near me with high reviews
call domino's pizza
are you a computer generated voice
take out the milk from the shopping list
Add the following date and time to my calendar
How's the exchange rate?
show exchange rate of u. s. d. and inr
how can i get get a copy of my w2 for tax purposes
What does regal mean?
speak one more again please.
Can you help me to quickly cancel a transaction I accidentally did to the wrong account?
If I need a PIN for my card, where is it located?
get me access to a list of my recent transactions
see you later, alligator
i need to know what kinds of pets you have
what's my pioneer routing number
should i take a different route to work
do i have alarms set for today
I was expecting my new card and am wondering why I haven't received it yet?
can you give the nutritional information for the pasta
what information do you have on file in my information about bill
select the information on the contact
convert one kilo to pound
how do i get to central park by foot
if i have a dablune how many dollars is that
Is it possible for a friend to personally send me a payment?
fifteen plus twenty
what interest rate will i get from city national
that's useful, thank you.
remove the bank transaction list
order me a bowl from chipotle takeout
order two hamburgers for me
yeah you have got my instructions right.
Do you like the president?
whats the time in denver
please turn on my smart plug socket
How long with my cash withdrawal stay pending for?
make a reservation for 2 at red lobster at 8pm
My card is needed soon
start angry bird
how do i get to the statue of liberty on foot
I think my card payment was reverted
make a new list
did linda connors reply to any of my emails this morning
Cortana, will you please put something something@gmail.com in my contacts?
tweet customer service not good for lpg service in my twitter account
make appointment for next friday
if im not using my account should i close it or just let it sit
What does it mean if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
What's the exchange rate between CZK and euro?
let's play canasta
i've got a meeting by tonight seven pm please mute the music for an hour
what time is it now
i want to have a table for 2 at the broadmore around 6
stock details
I see a direct debit transaction that I didn't make.
can you do name that tune
Email my boss that I will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting.
play true love next
that is untrue
give me the idea of current traffic condition
I want to close my account & I will never do business with you again.
how many calories in peanuts
anything will be ok with me.
cheering me up
can we stop this song and play the next one
What do I do if I find a debit charge that I know I didn't do in my billing statement?
What are the currency types that I can keep money in.
My statement has a payment that I do not recall making
what is the total amount that i owe to sony and verizon
i'd like alarms set for 11am and 132pm
take it in hand
Make sure all events are removed from valendar
yeap that's fantastic.
I received a fee for obtaining cash, is this correct?
what do people in sioux falls do for fun
book a ticket for the evening train line
Can you tell me what the exchange fee is?
Can I open up an account for my child?
what subjects are you experienced in
let's hear ninety two point one
Do I have free time next Tuesday to schedule a meeting?
Radio play 989 please
I was charged a transfer fee, why is that?
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
customer service from microsoft never called me back
do i need to see the doctor for shots before i go to south africa
try the last message one more time please.
Do deletion of next calendar event
how many countries are in the european union
Please order one train ticket to Los Angeles.
let's go to default settings
i am sorry but it's not the correct answer.
What should I do if I forgot my passcode?
i really need to order some more checks for my savings account
Open calendar.  Set event.
i get an error message when i try logging in to capital one that says i'm locked out
please remove remainder
Alexa, create an email to mom and ask about this week's weather.
how much time left to pay my bill
Are there any top-up limits?
what countries can i use my card in
how is traffic from work to home
Speakers off.
I tried activation my card and it didn't employment
When I get home, can you please order a pizza?
Can you set an alarm for 7 am?
Please give me the best garlic bread recipe.
How long does a transfer to another country normally take? I check over and over again and see that my transfer is still pending. It's 2018, nothing should take this long. I have confirmed my account information, so there is no error. What is the hold up?
i want list of tourist destination for paris
can you delete this dinner party event
how many oscars does morgan freeman have
Whats the temperature in Mangalore today
can you talk to me in italian
i am gonna need a bike today? (Cause its a holiday for busses)
add song to my hype playlist
do i have an item on my todo list related to shopping
Can you help me reset my passcode? I forgot it.
did apple stocks go up or down
Not sure what my password is.
tell me what is on my calendar for april 1
is traffic good or bad at 9:00 on the way to detroit
My transfer keeps failing and I just want to transfer the money can you please make it work?
how much time before my new card is mailed to me
stop syncing with this phone
olly can you please shut up.
what time is it in houston, tx
what date do i have to pay my bill
Do I get a discount if I exchange currencies a lot?
since i ran out , order more bread
what do you do when you're not working
How do you make vegetarian lasagna?
I would like to hear jazz music.
talk to you later.
What should I do if I've tried to enter my PIN too often?
does not matter to me, olly.
I wish to know the weather in SF?
Please send the email to abc@gmail.com instaed of xyz@gmail.com
Any chance of getting the card outside the UK?
can i talk to someone about why there is a hold on my checking account
were the stocks rising or declining
if i want to use my credit card points what do i do
set a reminder i need to wake up at five am every morning
What date is it?
temperature outside
s1, again rephrase your answer to me please.
turn on the lamp
i want you to cancel my reservation for 5 at red robin
add 'new year' with family next week
you are the best, appreciated.
Mute the sound.
tell me a joke about animals
Get in touch with (insert)
I will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow.
meeting update my calendar to reflect meeting
what is the weather update for tuesday
uh no, you gave me not correct information.
why isnt top up working
is there a barbecue restaurant around here
Have have a small charge on my account from someone I purchased with but I'm not sure what it relates to.
Why is my beneficiary being denies?
what do i have to do today
you did nice job, thank you.
Can you put on the next I heart music radio show?
when is my meeting with infrastructure
My card didn't work in one of the shops.
so i get charged if i use my card in france
Define Economics
There is a transaction from my account that I don't recognize can you trace back the information so I can make sure it's something I did or not?
what's the best way to get to my bank by walking
call the customer cell through phones for direct response
thanks, it's good one.
are the donuts at tgi well reviewed
List out my meetings today?
What is the weather?
TELL ME WHAT TIME IS IT?
Next song will be Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head.
dammit, you gave me not right information.
read back the reminder list
there's a strong possibility that my luggage has gone missing
i need to know when i get paid next
There was some money taken from my account that I don't remember paying for. Am I able to look up this transaction which was a few weeks ago to see who took out the money? Im not sure I need a refund just want to check to make sure it's legit.
I just have one other card from the US. Is that okay?
set an alarm
what is the coldest state in the us
The disposable cards - what are they for?
i need to add my doctor's appointment to my calendar for the first
Does the card you sent have a tracking number?
does not matter for me, olly.
whatever would be ok to me.
I had a relaxing day today
Unbeknownst to me, there was an additional charge on my prior transaction. A notification of sorts should be required and explained before future payments are made.
help me set up a direct deposit
tell me how much pto i've used
How does tranferring money into my account work?
pull up the ratings for macaroni grill
the reservation i made is not required anymore
I couldn't get the money I needed.
thanks but you are incorrect.
i need an alarm set
Why did the disposable virtual card which I used to pay a gym subscription get denied?
Can you tell me why my card payment did not work?
Olly, I'll be seeing my therapist every Thursday at two PM.
can you give me an appraisal of my card's apr
that wasn't it.
please could you elaborate me further on that.
What is the fee charged with this card payment?
why wont my american express work to add money
I thought I can make transfers for free, this is not fair. I bought something online from abroad and there was some weird additional fee that I've never seen before?
i am sorry but you understood that wrongly.
There's a payment in my history I don't recognize
where are my rewards for my chase card
i don't really mind for any one.
check and confirm that please.
what does obsessed mean
please your volume
play the barney theme song
i am unclear about your answer.
can you tell me where my phone is
Remove from my shopping list everything
Did you meet her?
please play the song joy to the world
what is the highest microsoft stock price today
Is Chase doing good?
please change that command.
i don't remember where my phone is
can you tell me what the form is employers are supposed to send you for taxes and where i get it
when was the car last services
Please put me your input to know my schedule
What type of stone is in this ring
book an uber to los angeles cinemas in one hour
When trying to get more than one card is there a extra amount that needs to be paid?
tell the golden fork that i want their fish risotto delivered
I was overcharged a pound.
What is John Smith's number?
what is marketing
well done, thank you so much, olly.
I would like to link my card. How do I do it?
can you confirm my reservation for chillis at 8:00
do i need a plug converter when i visit china
is my day off request approved
is there enough money in my discover account for a vacation
i want to apply for a new credit card
let me know how many disposable cards I can have?
stay quiet
IS THERE IS ANY NEW EMAILS
Can I use a different bank ATM than my own?
turn on console
change house light from green to red.
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
who do i go to, to transfer my 401k
I am having trouble doing a transfer. A "Decline " message appears after making the transfer.
when should i expect my next paycheck
s1, can you please rephrase me further on your response.
what restaurant is open after midnight
what clothes store would you recommend here
what's the annual rate on my discover card
have the roomba run the living room
I got a extra €1 fee in my statement
play scabble with me
what do i have on my list of reminders
cancel dentist appointment for this week
where do i make a vacation request
i need to disconnect from my phone
tell me what is on my schedule for today
what was the issue with my card yesterday
Add that song to my playlist.
what will the weather be next week
do not mind to choose any one.
whats happening in pop industry
When does the train to Iowa leave?
erase previous list
Not living in same place, need to change details
I'm not in the UK, can I get a card?
I made a deposit and the balance hasn't been updated.
when is trolls playing
Should we expect rain this afternoon?
brighten up the lighting
can i redeem my points on gas
Do I have any appointments coming up?
tell comcast i am still on hold
hey tell me a knock knock joke
i'd like you cancel it.
how much gas do you have will you make it to jackson
Play all albums by Bad Religion
please make me a coffee using the coffee machine
olly will you cancel it.
anything is ok to me.
I attempted to top-up with my card this morning, but the transaction was unsuccessful. I received the card two days ago and was successful using it previously. Could you please help me?
How do I save money on groceries for family of 6?
take off the doctor's appointment on march twentieth
what is a shoal
when was my last paycheck
PDA remind me on the 25th I have to go to Chad's birthday party.
I'm running out of money, can I  auto top up?
you are my hero,.
please read my shopping list
Ok Google, can you continue audiobook {title}
prepare email for susan
How long is the walk from Nyack to Valley cottage
What is the highest rated movie now out?
I tried to transfer money but it didn't go through
how many years do you have
recite the items i'm planning to purchase
can you slow down the rate at which you talk
Why was my card charged when topping off my balance but it's not showing up in my wallet balance?
What number of transactions can i do with one disposable card?
go ahead and move $200 from amazon to my bank account
silence
yes you have gotten your understanding perfectly.
play top 20
Please delete my account right now!
I found my card. How can I put it into my app?
lower the speak volume
remove all the reminders from the calendar
i would like to know my water bill minimum payment
Play my best song
i'm into music
Why was my account assessed a fee?
what went on in the world today
the bank transfer was declined
please go to next date
show me new email
lower lights in kitchen
are you good
what sorts of things can i ask you about
I need support options, I want to top my card
how long should i cook a steak to be medium
I was double charged
please report my stolen card
how often should my tires be changed
solve the calculation
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
what way can i change oil at home
What are the countries you support.
What's happened in the news recently?
prepare my morning coffee
will you reset.
Is today going to be sunny?
what pubs are close to me
what's my bank of america account getting in interest
How do I use cash to top up my account?
yes answer was amazing.
search earliest trains to brooklyn ny weekends and holidays
turn it to frequency nine hundred and ninety seven
how much pressure is in my car's tire
how do you convert pounds to kilos
Are we expecting rain Thursday?
How can I find the source for my available funds and money?
set an alarm at six am tomorrow
to visit cambodia, do i need an international visa
can you give me train times for ann arbor?
add my opinion to this song great
What is the exchange rates in this region
Olly, weather in Bristol  Vt
what's the meaning of rumplestiltskin
Automatically enter me into every free sweepstake for which I am eligble for around the globe at all times. Prioritize those with cash prizes.
I need mastercard as well as visa
i need to call mark
What do you need to verify my identity?
check on the status of my vacation request please
My card hasn't arrived yet. What do I do?
what is the derivative of x squared plus 5
I like this song, what is it? Can you please repeat it once?
what is this fee for transfering
please explain me more on what you said.
what currencies can i use to add money to my account
find me the oldest hotel in washington dc
Forward email address to my new email
reply email
i need to know on my citibank card, what is the apr
How do I change my last name?
did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar
delete my grocery list in my notes
Add my co worker, Ann to submit project for work on Tuesday.
did you get last thing said correctly?
how do germans say goodnight
how long until my mastercard expires
is my credit report low
play today's podcast from the mi
has my vacation request been denied or approved yet
can you check that.
can you save this song to my favorites
I left my phone at the hotel I was staying at so I can't use the app!
Cancelling a transaction
Keep track of the Standing Rock protest.
My account is blocked, how do I log in now
I want to hear rock.
if it is a consumer good then what is the customer feedback
when is payday
are there travel alerts in mexico
switch on the radio
find out how to make chicken tikka masala
Tell me length and star ratings
PDA send an email to Jesse.
i got to vegas airport but my bags didn't
can you increase the volume of the speakers
I paid with my card and was charged extra
local show
i don't really bother.
Is my account accessible even though my verification of my identity has not passed yet?
What's the process for terminating an account?
Please turn the volume to the loudest setting.
reduce light intensity
uhh no, you didn't interpret the request right.
Order pizza from Domino's
will i be charged if i use my card in mexico
What exchange rate do you use?
The app won't identify me.
do you know any jokes
alert me at three pm to goto the concert
Why is the fee for taking money out so high?  I feel I was overcharged and I would have never used this ATM if I would have known ahead of time.
How can I open an account for my children?
it is not what i requested.
Give me the current date today
what's the apr on my amex card
beneficiary transfer problems?
How can a cook risotto?
Show me the meetings held last week
can i afford a new tv from my savings account
When I topped up the app reverted it.
I received the wrong exchange rate for an item i bought.
are there transaction fees charged to my discover card in japan
The ATM didn't give me the the withdraw amount requested.
The amount of cash i have received is not correct.
reset my locations list
will you again explain me about the last sentence please.
what thoughts do you have about making dinnner tonight
What extra charges are there?
oh it's wonderful.
What is the limit on Auto top?
What if my top up is reverted?
the song playing now is released by which artist
What is latest gossip of Hollywood going on?
can you put on the giver
Have a moan at Easyjet
I transferred some money a couple days ago but haven't received it yet. How long should I expect to wait?
traffic report
please make some coffee for me
What's the latest Trump controversy?
is there a way to do automatic top up
turn up the lights
check outlook
Is there a canoe shop around here Olly?
today needs to be marked as my cheat day
why did you freeze my bank account
I'd like a listing of all train ticket prices for this location please?
How do I verify my identity online
what is the closing price of Apple today?
What is the max top-up?
are there any fun things to do in seattle this weekend
thank you.
Currency rate of indian rupee and singpore doller
that is of no importance, olly.
what's the prep and cooking time on pizza dough
how busy it that place for dinner
How much am I charged for a SEPA transfer?
i need to change my pin number for my checking account
i want to pay my gas bill
s1, elaborate me on this once again.
what are you able to do
can you make the room brighter
How long will it take for the card to arrive?
can you confirm it.
stock exchange rates
Alert me when registration opens
is anything different today about blank
is michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant
yes perfectly.
Please play this playback on audiobook
how much did i spend shopping for clothes today
Any good movies?
erase next calendar event
Which shops can I find in Milan?
can you speak once more please.
Get me updates from Kenny's Facebook from the weekend
How can I the person see my money transaction?
how many mpg does this car get
why was a hold placed on my wells fargo account
how many calories are in a cup of white rice
Increase the volume to max, please.
Tell me current time
my name is nick
define qat for me
How long will my cash withdrawal take
the command is not correct.
Please trun off Middle light of room.
I need to make a transfer, what will the fee be?
would you describe yourself as a cat or dog person
do i have a party tomorrow save on my calendar
rahul marriage reminder
i want two burgers and one coke order it fast
start speaking in a male british voice
do i have to wait for a physical card before i get my pin
give me the headline news
What is the appropriate age for my child to be able to open an account?
I hope you can help me. My account has been compromised from a different town that I haven't been to. Can you please place a hold on my account until I can make it to the bank?
Send me all the info for the Houston Texans draft please.
Hi, I was at a restaurant later the week and when I went to look at my account I noticed that I got charged twice. I would like to get my money back from one of those transactions.
please add item to list
Is there a 5pm train on Wednesday to Rockville?
Why can't my ID be verified?
are you feeling okay
is there a fee to use my card in france
book me a place to chicago from atlanta united airlines
how can i get a limit increase on my discover card
How long do i have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
any alarms currently listed
what number do you get when you roll one six sided die
Why hasn't my transaction arrived to my friend yet?
i like you check question please.
is there traffic up ahead
Why did my transfer fail?  What can I do?
which pole is colder, south or north?
please find my balance on my chase mastercard
tell me ways to improve my credit score
Can I transfer my salary if its in GBP?
Looks like my card payment was duplicated. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
which alarms are set in the phone
how healthy is pizza
compose a text to mom i'll talk to you later
within the past three months how many meetings did i have with mr richards
if i want to redeem miles from my delta skymiles card, how do i do that
is the apr on my credit card good
I need quickly transfer something from China. About how long will it take?
it's useful, thank you.
what time is it in the central timezone
How can I top up my Google Pay?
Could you please give me a summary of the latest news headlines
please explain further on this.
can you say one more again.
what do i need to complete first from the list
Tell me 1 euro = $
Is there a way to revert my transaction from this morning?
i need you to start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
i need a table for 3 at 5pm at andrea's steakhouse under wheeler
Turn off the closet light
I don't understand why my card payment is pending.  It has been pending for too long.  Why is this and when might it go through?
isn't keith urban wonderful
what do i get taxed at my income level
Please relocate all dates to the trash
Oll
Does Mary's birthday party start at 7:00?
The expiration of my card is near, how do I order a new card?
Can you send an email to 234234@fsdfsd.com?
I just got an email in confirming my purchase with my card. I login to the mobile app on the card and found out there are several purchase were made without me aware of it. Evidently someone had stole my card information and made these fraudulent purchase. I need the transaction to be reverse and have my card suspended.
I lost my password
What are the places that you deliver cards to?
tell me current situation of traffic near central park road.
I keep trying to make a payment, but it doesn't work.
USD to Yen
what is the temperature today
Can you make the lights go out?
subtract 100 from 12
tweet to the customer service account of starbucks
i need you to book a reservation for 8 pm at red robin under the name kevin
how many work contacts are in my phone book
what is 300 divided by 42
I was issued a new card a week ago but still haven't received it. How long will it be until I receive it?
Why is it required to verify my identity?
do you have instructions on jump starting a chevy
what is the answer to two times three
What fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
Make a things to do list
road traffic
it was nice job, thank you so much.
My card is stuck in the ATM?
I would like to change the the PIN on my card.
how much has hp stock gone up?
kill all the frogs you see
when will me new card arrive
How can I find a way to transfer money without it being rejected?
jump to next podcast
I accidentally exceeded my PIN tries.  Please advise.
what's going on on fb
How long until my transfer goes through?
what is going on today in biloxi
please can you shut off.
can you play the next episode please
get me to the nearest train station
Turn the wemo off.
the nutritional info for macaroni and cheese is what
i'm so glad you helped me!
do you want to be human
Can I auto top up multiple times?
Delete my meeting for 1:00 PM on March 19th.
please run that by me again
what is my balance in checking account
what's the number of remaining vacation days i have
Use this word in a sentence
do not really care, olly.
what open lists do i have
What is the exchange looking like?
What are the reasons why a card payment would be declined?
How come my disposable virtual card used to pay for a gym subscription got rejected?
what is in my favorites music folder
your words was not so clear to me.
would not care.
Will topping up by transfer lead to a charge on my account?
Are there ways to transfer money into my account?
switch to night light setting
How do I request a refund?
i want some coffee
would you please check what i last said.
can you slow down how fast you talk
I can not seem to make a successful transfer, can you tell me what I'm doing wrong?
what does anachronistic mean
what is traffic
Play previous episode.
I'm not sure how disposable virtual cards work. Please help.
can i get vacation day totals i have left
are there any good social events happening in my area
When I look at my statement there is an extra fee, that is for what?
what do you think our purpose is in life
what are they paying me at work right now
about vijay
will i need an umbrella today
what you have said is not clear to me.
How can I setup automatic top-up?
Are there any charges for topping up my card?
what is my name saved as in your system
What is your age limit?
will i be able to order for more checkbooks for my chase bank account
thank you very much for your helps.
Tell me what time it currently is.
Hey, I ordered a thing but changed my mind and want a refund on it. Since I haven't received the thing, would you just go ahead and cancel the payment for me?
Can I change my PIN in Austria?
was there a problem with my card yesterday
Add buy groceries to my to-do list for today
how old is jennifer garner
events upcoming
could you find my location on the map
please have vacuum go for one hour
could you play You DOn't Bring me Flowers
what music genre do i play most
how do you say hello in french
Is it possible to use an ATM when I am not in the country and make a withdraw with out extra fees?
This is the first time I've tried to get my money out of an ATM and it didn't work. Please give me my money
Is the traffic bad enough that I should leave early?
Are there still fees for european top-ups?
will there be traffic on the way to walmart
what's the name of my health insurance plan
reset to factory default
schedule an appointment for a tire check for me
What time zone is X in?
how many times does 8 go into 2000
dammit, it isn't what i asked.
Can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee?
how can i look at rewards for my amex card
who is your boss
I believe my top up is still pending
how far does my dollar go in japan
i lost all my stuff that i had packed
i want to reserve an uber to go to the airport
Get me a recipe
read my list to me
let me know what date it will be in 3 days
MAINE APNE FRIEND AUR FAMILY KO EMAIL KARNA CHAHTA HU.
Are physical card available?
what alarms have been set for me
notify me how many days off i have used so far
give me information on my health plan
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
is my friend rohit online on facebook
can you tell me the mane of the song playing
I need a refund. This is not what i wanted.
please add an email for john doe to my contacts johndoe@yahoo dot com
it was cool, thanks.
book train ticket for this time
Is it better to invest or save?
i want to increase your volume
check new message in inbox.
what is a good rap album that came out this year
provide me with the knowledge of whether you are a human or are a computer
show news of migration
thank you so much for the information.
Is it going to be sunny this weekend?
repeat music
I tempted to get some money out of the machine earlier and it did not work.Looking now, the transaction actually shows to still be in progress. I would certainly appreciate someone look into this and let me know what's going on. I definitely do not want to be charged for money I never received.
hello what time it is now
put a hold on my bank of america account right away please
how much long until northern rail arrives at kings cross station
how does a cheetah look
please can you check the last thing i said.
i want to cook pasta in american style show me how
i need to find someone to look at my check engine light
i'd like to hear what you said again.
How can disposable cards be used?
find out why my card declined yesterday
i would like to know the name you have for me
Can I get a physical card
Can I activate a card in the app?
block my american saving bank for now
what's the weather this week
what is there to do in new york city
can you clarify further on this.
i would like to know the credit limit for my citibank card
has my application for the hsbc card been approved yet
what day will it be sunny
Can you lookup my password?
are both visa and mastercard available to me?
book next ny train ticket
show me the calender
how long is the restaurant line before we go
inform me of the routing number for my amerifirst account
When is the next SEPTA train to Philadelphia?
what's the persons name at my door
can i get more checks
Can I get Delilah on  the radio in the bedroom?
Please let me know how to change my PIN?
put alarm at five am
recipes
i know i entered the right info, but my top up isn't in my balance
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
Can I track the card you sent to me?
Can you tell me why I can't make any transactions?
My credit card cancelled a payment for a purchase.
how come i got declined
I am confused as to why my transfer could still be pending.
Can I top up using my cheque?
Please scan my social media and tell me what's happening.
describe what a poltergeist is
how much gas does my car currently have
Pleas set a reminder for a meeting I have on Tuesday next week.
Please remove any alarms that I have set.
where should i go to get a w2 to do my taxes
Which grocery stores have I mad a list with?
tell me random joke
I exchange my currency quite a bit.  Do I get an exchange price break?
When is *** playing?
is france safe to travel to
remember to put carrots in there.
Delete the party on June 1st from my calendar.
Please play my Pop playlist
The card got declined twice when I tried to use it to buy something online yesterday.
What is the route to the closest mcdonalds?
Could you please freeze my card immediately?
what bands are playing in town this weekend
is my credit good enough to get a new card
Why doesn't the app believe I am who I say I am?
My card hasn't arrived yet. What do I do?
I completed I transfer the day before yesterday in this country. The transfer still is not complete. I've checked on the account number multiple times to make sure that it is the right one. Can you check to see what's going on with this?
could you tell me what i have said once again please.
I bought an item then noticed the exchange rate was wrong.
Bedroom lights off now.
nope, i did not say this.
would you please confirm details.
may you please say that again
Open irctc application and go to book ticket
please can you stop it.
How can I change my address?
I made a mistake and performed a transaction on the wrong account!
please play podcasts on science
I was contacted by a seller with a message that they never received my money. I am 100% sure it was taken from my account so I definitely need this sorted out soon.
My card broke.
remove the santana music list
Can I get a card outside the UK?
Play game with me
I got charged a service fee on my account. Can it be waived since I didn't know about it before?
when is my next appointment with dr smith
please try your last sentence you said once again.
Music change
could you tell me where did you originate
how long since my car was in the shop
i need to inform the bank i am going out of country
command was confirmed.
My transaction is on the wrong account.
who was in the beatles
naw
english to spanish for dog
I tried my PIN too many times and now my card won't work!
you understood the answer right.
Where can I go to modify my detail?
change to the woman voice
get me some latte please
Just delete the next engagement event
What is the current time right now?
what amount of time would it take me to reach the university by bus
My card is about to expire.  Where do I get a new one.
s1, will you further explain.
the sauce must simmer then go in the oven but for how long
A strange card payment, I do not recognize it.
I need to change my name what do I do?
new alarm for six am
Why does my identity need verification?
what's your hobbies
list stock price for this company stock
what prong jump starts the car
who tells you what to do
Why would an ATM swallow my card?
do a coin flip
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
Add Dr. rosenstock as an email contact
i need a delivery tracked
no notifications for five minutes
can you walk me through setting up direct deposit
How can I top up with Apple Pay?
Siri, cancel alarms
is jimmie's party on friday cancelled
is there a limit to top up
How can I top-up my card?
define a phrase blue sky research
Do you have charges now when you pay with a card?
Will I be charged any fees if I want to add money with an international card?
and what would your name be
What happened in the world today?
dammit, i think incorrect response.
They declined my card payment.
it turns out i have had pizza in the fridge since monday, so is it safe to eat
I am noticing that a refund of a large purchase still has not been credited to my account. I contacted the merchant a few days ago and he assured me that he would submit it right away. Is there a status update?
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. This is cause for a bit of concern. Is it possible to withdraw here without additional fees?
what movies are being shown at the regal cinema
you are awesome, thank you very much.
Take grocery buying off of the list
tweet real donald trump that angela merkel will not shake his hand anymore
complain to amazon customer service for me
Tell me that list I wrote 2 days ago
i think that's not the right response.
how much are my xfinity and dte bills
Give me a days notice before my next meeting.
how can i find my current location
start a vacuum cleaner
write email to family member and read it back
reset my locations list
My address has changed. How do I report it?
delete my list
How do I receive a refund for my item?
Play one through ten on U2 list
Who do I contact if there is a direct debit that I did not create.
open meeting rooms from one to three pm
Is a bank transfer acceptable for topping up my account?
what alarms do i have set
What does oscillate mean?
how do you spell "montpelier
what timezone is paris in
current song rating three stars
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
what are the latest updates on my facebook account
open radio
i want to start calling you bob
do you know where my cellphone is
how is the traffic around city center
activate direct deposit to chase account
Please explain why my top-up didn't go through.
How long do I need to cook a brisket for it to be medium.
remove all the events in my calendar
please confirm my last instruction.
add mop to hardware store list
Do you happen to do exchanges of EUR?
you did nice job, thank you.
how can i let my bank know i'm going to denmark
hello, are you doing alright
how many kilograms is two hundred and ten pounds
do you have a way you like to be referred to
what is the capital of China
What are the requirements to verify my identity?
can you remove seeing dentist from my calendar?
i saw suspicious activity on my bank account
Can I order take out food at this time?
what's the change in best buy stick.
What are the latest articles from Yahoo News?
will you get a coin and flip it
What are my tasks?
I don't see my card anywhere in the app.
Why do you keep declining my transfers? It's been working well so far, but when I just tried to buy something, the card got declined. I tried it a few times, but same thing happened every try.
Where can I find your locations?
Pull up Kate's email and write that I will let her know.
Is my wake-up alarm set a 6 am?
Do I have any events scheduled today?
What is the mass of a microwave
please mute yourself
i would like you to help me get on another united healthcare insurance plan
Can you help me retrieve my card?
i have a meeting with al on march twenty first at ten
go ahead and hold a conference room for friday at 11 am, please
i need to know when my card is set to expire please
i can't tell
what is the headline from today's morning local news
locations to withdraw money
go back to the original settings now
can you direct me to the menu for the highest rated chinese carryout near me
tell me the defination of...
it must be some mistake.
How do I get another card
what kind of gas does my vehicle take
who tracks my credit score
what is this extra charge with my purchase?
this is not what i requested.
does my calendar include an event called shana's baby shower
I need my card as soon as possible.
check detail please.
how old is kim kardashian
I happened to forget my password
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee
plan a meeting in office with all employees tomorrow morning at eight
remind me for tomorrow meeting
how is my inbox looking at the moment
What exactly is the exchange fee?
can you help me figure out my pin number for my visa account
that's helpful, thank you very much.
i need to track my package
turn up radio volume
Why are fees charged for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a new fee that there.
have any emails come in since four hundred today
can you tell me what the weather will be please
don't mind.
I need to change my address in the personal details.
PLEASE TWEET ABOUT OUR BAD EXEPERNICE OF THE VODAFONE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
tell me how i can tell if my tires need to be changed
I'm confused as to why my transfer is still listed as pending on the website.
any update on my vacation
I would like to apply for a visa card.
Help me.  There is a Direct Debit that I didn't make.
I am unaware of what my password is.
what's the spanish word for pasta
how would you describe my health benefits
how do i use reward for my first hawaiian bank
i want the light to be switched off
I think the rate that was applied to my purchase using foreign currency is wrong. Help!
how do I know where I can get money withdrawn?
can you please turn off my wemo plug
reduce brightness
Today I searched all over for my phone and couldn't find it Olly.
bank options direct deposit
my card was damaged by bleach
PDA, how is my schedule for the day?
is it Monday today
s1, please explain further on your words to me.
convert 2 inches to meters
Decrease the volume to 10%
my phone was taken yesterday, what should I do about my account?
when is the first seventy degree day forecast
Why am I seeing a fee for transferring money?
Why does my transfer say "pending"?
please clean my calendar
Could you manipulate roip for me
The exchange rate for foreign ATM currency is wrong.
when am i paid or how often
what can i do to get a better credit score
how do i change the name you came with to something else
play music in library
Why am I getting double charged for multiple transactions?
play rehab song
delete mike stein from contacts list
the next holiday is when
I would like to order takeaway.
oops, it was not the correct response.
vacuum the living room carpet
please check my reminders
what is the current time in mexico city
i am not so clear about what you just said.
i must set a timer
Recipient has not received the money
is pizza healthy
the reservation i placed is not needed anymore
does delta have carry-on restrictions
please skip this song and go to the next one instead
who delivers near here
I am not able to purchase anything online! I have been using my card on multiple sites over a period of two weeks and none of the payments have gone through. Why is this happening?
PDA how high is this mountain
make a note of this on the list
clear my day on the twenty ninth
tell me lexmark's current stock price
play this game with me
i don't understand why i have been barred from accessing my own account
How many countries are in Europe?
Something is wrong, my top-up is gone and I don't know what happened to my money.
change lighting colours
please tweet about the problem i m facing with the product of company
i want you to quit the action
What are the events conducted in NY?
How can I cook 'meal'
Will you guys do Visa or Mastercard?
how long will tofu last in the freezer before it expires
it was not the correct response.
please check weather on tuesday
show list items
add a reminder for april twenty as my bro's birthday
What is Angelina Jolie's birthday
When I submit a transfer, it is being declined.  The information I put in has been reviewed.
i think you messed up with my request.
what are the subject areas you are knowledgable in
how smooth is marble floor
can you show ben and jerry where i am currently at
what kind of gas goes in this car
What steps do I have to go through in order to activate my new card?
What does this word means?
how busy is ihop generally around noon
can you start the vacuum
What are the fees for top-ups?
How do I view the card I received in the app?
at the moment what is the time
Alexa, play more music like that.
how do i know when i have to change my oil
Olly how's it hangin.
how do i set up a meeting
Does it cost money to top up?
Trending, tech news
Move to the next song in the list.
search for pink's youtube channel
how much money do i make
Hi! What documents can I use to verify my identity?
please tell me why did my card not get accepted
please talk a bit faster
Olly, get me an Uber please.
Why was my top-up declined?
cancel my XXX plan now
bring me the title of current music
set an alarm for me at eight am
could you check my last question.
I put some cash into my account but it's not displaying that on my balance.
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.  I've never seen the name on the transaction before.
how to protect my credit score
can you elaborate me further on what you just said please.
local show
when will the match start
Can you help me reset my password?
can you complete an application for a new credit card for me
read my list to me
I performed a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it has not gone through? Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
rahul marriage reminder
What exhibits or shows are scheduled at the Metropolitan Theater?
brew coffee at noon
Switch on the plug.
what about ashwin?
phone is gone
I got some cash but it wasn't the right amount.
is there heavy traffic on the way to the city
How long does it take to verify a person's identity?
What is the Top up rate charge for using a card in the US?
Can I order take out from Licari's ?
I was charged an incorrect exchange rate for a withdrawal.
thanks but you are wrong.
do you know when i last took my car in to the shop
can i transfer money i the app
I lost my card, what do I do now?
you are my star, musch appreciated.
How do I know when my card will expire?
My statement shows and extra 1$ that was charged to it and I would like to know why.
I am calling because the ATM didn't give me the right amount of cash, but my app shows the actual amount I wanted to withdraw. What should I do to get my money back?
really i don't mind, olly.
where can i apply for a black amex card
Do I have a meeting on Saturday March 25th?
it is unimportant to me.
Mark dad's retirement dinner for April fourth.
tell me if i should use the train or bus to get across town today
how do i get to the leaning tower by bus
tell me the date, please
you are helpful, thanks.
i would not mind for any one, olly.
revert to original settings
turn the living rooms lights off
could you speak a little more slowly
Start my folk song list right after this song
what is the temperature
put a reminder on the calendar to buy a gun on march 1st
give me the news on donald trump
who has written to me or mentioned me in social media
How can I verify the top-up card?
How can I tell if someone else is using my card?
can you get me a table for 2 at mexico viejo at 3pm
does pizza hut have my order ready
check to see who is at the doof
wake me up at ten
easy meals
why cant you just refund me instead of a merchant
Why do I have to give you my drivers license
Should I dress in layers today?
Will it be too cold for a dress on Sunday?
How much will I pay to exchange foreign currency?
i need to know what song this is
Can you make it a little quieter?
yeap excellent response.
hi there do you offer home delivery for orders
nope, it's not the correct command.
Can i cancel a charge?
i need the temperature set at 70 f
I just got a new card how do I get it to start working?
if you put a velociraptor and a hippo together what would happen
Why is there an unknown card payment?
fantastic response to command.
add new year with family next week
Why am I unable verify my id?
Who am I eating lunch with today?
hey tell me a knock knock joke
can i have you call me something else
Why is my card payment still pending? It should have gone through already.
tell me the exchange rate us versus indian rupees
PDA, do i have an appointment tomorrow?
When will the money from my bank transfer be available?
My top-up was reverted by the app.
Need to deposit a cheque into my account
are there any backups on route eighty today
s1, will you please further rephrase me about what you said now.
Where do I find PIN for my card?
can i order for more checkbooks for my chase bank account
establish a connection to my phone
what is today's day
s1, please elaborate again to me.
Get rid of all my scheduled events.
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
send a complaint to my boss
what is the amount for train ticket booking
turn on shuffle
What ingredients are needed for making biriyani
i go by brad
wikipedia page about sean connery
do i have any emails from robert
recommend a blue grass band event within twenty miles of manchester ma this week
This is not right, I was told I could take out cash at the ATM for free?
how much did i spend on food
mute the speaker please
where is theft-top option?
Make my lights green.
Will you charge me for exchanging foreign currencies?
The app is not able to realize that it is me.
My transfer to a beneficiary was rejected.
you are my hero, thank you.
how long before the replacement card is mailed to me
what day do i get paid next
please transfer 100 dollars between my amazon payments and savings accounts
please play the newest podcast
what is your mother language
Can it add money automatically while travelling
can you tell me the number of calories in one serving of whole cashews
I an not sure but it looks as if a card payment I made was cancelled.
'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25 make a note of it on the corresponding date.
I don't like the services, please close my account
im so mad right now. theres several charges that I think my x boyfriend made on my card. the companys on the website wouldn't refund me my money, they told me to contact my bank. DO something please.
When will my card be activated?
Change light colors from blue to white.
What is the exchange looking like?
Do I have anything on this date?
elaborate me about your answers further.
tell me what my calendar looks like for march 12th
What is the highest mountain in the us?
what's the time
please tell me the bill's minimum payment
What's the deal with verifying the top-up?
check and confirm details.
take out event from calendar
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to jaisalmer
play a news radio station
Why am I being charged to withdrawal money?
can you say once more please.
i need the volume to be louder
please let me know what's happening to my social media
did i remember to put eggs on my shopping list
help me transfer $x from credit to debit
"please set 5 minute timer
when did i last take my car to the shop
USA Today Headlines
I tried to transfer but it was declined
text joe
read me the definition of ajar
find jokes on the web
change the language to english
Dim lights in living room
can you find me a hotel in columbus with good reviews
Is there any discount for someone that exchanges currencies frequently?
Please provide me with notifications on the election results
dammit, that's not what i just requested.
where were you made
inbox my family.
Hello. My credit keeps being declined, last night and again today, as I try to buy something. What is the status of my card?
I need to terminate my account immediately.
I want to order Chinese takeout.
wake me in an hour
list all the events in my march calendar
what clothes store would you recommend here
Please tell me how I verify my identity.
Can you tell me what I need to do for the identity check process?
i would like to thank you
There is a withdrawal on my account I didn't make.
I need someone to alert me as to what's going on. I had transferred an amount but the receiver is saying that the amount is somewhat less than what I sent over. I now have to make another transfer to make up the difference.
I just initiated a transfer but I'd like to cancel it.
what is the most i can top up?
how much time is a train to there
could you please confirm what i just said.
in aiken, get me a rental for may 12 to may 16
Where is my card?
I think my card payment has been reverted
i would like to hear some rap music
order a pizza
cancel that last command
I would like to know why so much identity information is required?
Send a complaint to (insert here)
would you please confirm details.
Is it possible to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you?
can i use margarine instead of butter
has my application for my visa card gone through
Contactless payments need to be enabled for my card.
do i need a plug converter when i visit france
check for recent news stories on msnbc
you understood it wrongly.
how many dollars can i exchange for 10000 yen
is there a national holiday on fifth december
Where is the south pole?
you didn't interpret the request right.
how much do i have to at least pay on my medical bills
Why isn't a refund showing on my statement?
what is hair made up of
i don't mind to select any one.
how long does it take to transfer money, my retailer is waiting
Is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
Display trains going to Antwerp after 2pm Saturday
wemo on
Is there an age limit?
When I was transferring money I was charged extra why?
What movies are playing tonight?
I am not happy with your service and request that my account be terminated!
that is unimportant for me.
please let me know when i need to renew my credit card
Play a pop station on the radio
pink is all we need
Can this card be used at all ATMs?
I like red colour for my home, change it
please put in a pto request for june 5th and 6th
Tweet Target about how poorly their service was
what gas does the car use
display the routing number for account huntington
Can I set up an automatic top-up for travel.
excellent work, you've done well.
Lets have a chat.
When I went to get cash, it was declined!
It's been a few days since I've tried to pay a seller but the funds aren't going through. What is happening?
where is a petrol station in 0.5 mile radius?
will getting a credit card help my credit score
Why are fees charged for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a new fee that there.
What is the exchange rate for Philippine pesos?
i'm not sure which one because it could be either of them
don't let me forget to <unk>
why does it take so long to verify my id
Play some music from metal genre
i am sorry but i think you are not right.
what to do if i lost my luggage
Turn off the 6AM alarm for Wednesday
Please turn on my smart plug socket.
What can you tell me about the card PIN?
Can I order a card?
view my transactions for the last week
Can you please inform me of the restrictions for the disposable cards.
i'd like a coffee please
have i been spending a lot on shoes lately
Can you email Mary and let her know I am on my way?
i'd like to know how many vacation days i have
I was charged more than once in a single transaction
I want to cancel my purchase
play neil sedaka
I need AUD not GBP, how do I change it?
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Japanese Yen
i want to schedule car maintenance
sunny in oslo
what do i do to set up a vacation
what is new in politics today can you filter out trump news though
how do i improve my credit score
how can you get basalt
how would i say how are you today if i were mexican
get mom on the phone
I do not see the card PIN anywhere?
what kind of hobbies do you like to do
would you speak it once more please.
what is the expiration date for honey
can you restore factory settings now
PDA: What's 2 plus 2
What form of identification is accepted?
where do i find the routing number for great western bank
Where do I go to get the code to verify the top up card?
what is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
play the podcast named ringcast
play rap music
what times are my meetings
I don't understand why my payment was declined. I thought everything was ok.
which identity details are required
thanks for answering my question
do i need a vaccine for the congo
check my twitter account
I receive my salary in GBP. Do I need to configure this somehwere?
Why, when paying with the card, was I charged an extra fee?
Why didn't my transfer get to the recipient?
please do not speak
eliminate the list kickball but make sure the contacts remain
Book a ride from New York to Orlando covering 10 places to see.
Is 21st of the week is Saturday?
What is thE worlds record for the longest head of hair
call contact aj
set a reminder on fifteenth march as meeting
i need you to remove item s from my list
plants
will you shut off please.
send reply to joe
will there be snow this week
I tried to used my card in a shop and the transaction was declined.
What song do I play most?
What do I do if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
do you know any jokes
RadioShows.mobi.
I would love to talk about music
credit card annual rate
I tried topping off my account with a card, but the money is not in my account despite the charge going through
My top up hasn't gone through
let's play fmod
what kind of plug do i need for my razor in ireland
let cora and nancy know were i am now
wake me up in thirty minutes
I have completed a transfer but it is not showing up.
find a shop that sells beer
One of my card payments, I don't recognise the name of the merchant.
what do i do if i lost my card
What's the best way to Sheffield?
i lost my commerce card and need to report it as lost
good job with assisting me
Why am I being a charged for using my card?
Would I be able to top up as much as I can?
please lower music volume
Can an American resident apply to get a card?
economic affairs
crack a joke
download and save song of dangal movie
can you find out if my vacation time off request has been approved or not
what is the headline from today's morning local news
s2, i can not understand that.
increase the volume a bit
Tell me the landline number
olly please just cancel.
remind me that i have a meeting with cassy for an ola Event happning tommorow.
Why do you need so much information to verify my identity?
Why are my transfers and purchases keep getting declined?
Slow the volume speaker
what will the weather be like on saturday
what lists do i have
send a text to alice
Where is the card PIN?
don't call me anything besides bailey
give me information on my health plan
delete the alarm i just set
the ingredients in pizza are what
I need to do a refund
yeah you've done that exactly.
what is happening in the world right now
show me the current traffic nearby me
does the restaurant have carryout
only call me dan
to my domestic task list please add paint kitchen
yes, that is actually true
how many species of bees are there in the united states
what is the weather doing now
repeat jazz
what region were you born
Can I use the system Google Pay for top-ups?
i want to report my damaged card i accidentally cut it up thinking it was my expired card
send email to mom asking about the weather
please give me the approximate amount of time i will need to go from jfk international airport to penn station
tell me the traffic condition from here to home
why verify the top up? it doesnt make sense
please will you check my last instruction.
tell me about the latest sports news
what landing time is scheduled for my flight
would like to know the alarm you sent
I need to figure out what these charges are on my account. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get all of this money back? Also, I need to freeze my card.
I've been trying to make a transfer and it hasn't gone through. Now I am receiving an error message.  What is the problem?
put my parents anniversary on the calendar for next week on tuesday
can you turn msnbc on in the car
Why did you charge me for a cash withdrawal?
What's the foreign exchange rate I will receive?
i am sorry but i think that is not the right response.
repeat that please
What can I expect at card expiration?
resume animal farm
Someone stole my phone.
i need a new house insurance plan
can you suggest a french restaurant
I like Justin Beibers music, please play it
could you use the female voice
Start Pandora.
add a tab to the shopping list
invite people to the calendar event
What is the definition of keen?
How do I add cash to my account?
low the volume
turn light off
please list my meetings for today from 8:00 am to 2:00 pm
what is the calorie content of lays chips
how is the traffic on I twenty five
yes good response to command.
where are Italian restaurants in my area
is it healthy to eat pizza
is there anyway, i can report my card being stolen
is the level of fuel in my car enough to get me to work
increase light intensity
I transferred money to my account but it is not showing.
make a list of all the halloween events going around in new york
What's the time difference between here and queensland?
would tio's be crowded at 7
do i have any other contact phone number for alison
what is the square of 4
do i need boots today
In what ATM can I change my pin?
Why is my cash withdrawal still pending?
check what said.
If I am not in the country and I need to change my PIN, how can this be done?
shit, you've done a task wrong.
did they say yes to my day off request
I was supposed to receive my new card by now, but it hasn't came in.
I submitted my transfer but it has been pending for quite a while and I was wondering what takes so long? why hasn't it completed
This company is bad, please delete my account.
Play a pocast
In which countries does your app work
olly please could you cancel.
I have a cash withdrawal that I do not recognise.
How do I add a card to the app?
The alternate email address gives
i want to know how to change oil, tell me the steps one at a time while i work through it
definition of velocity
appreciated, that's amazing.
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been!
what is the usd mxn exchange rate
where was the last place i had my phone
please get my car started before i go out to it
Play Rock music
describe joe for me please
Is there a fee for extra cards?
what is in my bank accounts
Google clear all the stuff on my calendar for March.
do you know the expiration date for my visa card
when will my card come
Is there any pending reminder for me
send a request to martin
can i use baking powder instead of baking soda
Please update me on whether you have received the funds for the refund of the large purchase I made recently. I have requested this from the merchant days ago but still haven't got anything.
where is your family from
i want to hear purple haze
I requested a virtual card but it is not showing up. Why?
for god sake, just delete my account i am sick of this
please retweet this post on twitter
what do i do if i suspect my car battery is dead
want to play a game with me
i'd like you to check and confirm what i said please.
arrange a meeting room for 9am on friday
what's next on the list
what things are there to do in portland
how healthy is hummus
do you mind if i ask your name
Will I be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
What is the exchange rate between money I'm the united states and switzerland
add the item to the list
latest instagram posts
i'd love to hear a joke
How do I order my card?
update work out list with new items
One of my charges was declined, but the second one went through.  But I notice on my App that one of them has gone through, and the other one is still pending.  Please ensure that only one charge is processed. Thanks
can you explain the meaning of life
wake me up
I used my card to top up, but the money is not there!
you know me by what right now
Hi, I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can you cancel it as soon as possible?
make a reminder to do my taxes
I have a cash withdrawal that I do not recognise.
Switch on the radio
compile favorites list according to my song feedback
i don't need eggs anymore, but i do need milk
switch to the song from album
thanks but i think that is not the correct response.
what does a banana look like
away off from list
start the coffee machine
please set a timer to go off in 45 minutes
Are cards available to those outside of the UK?
what is the minimum payment on my phone bill
can you talk to me in italian
what is the correct time
Is there an additional charge to exchange currencies?
What news updates are there from news express
CANCEL ALL THE MEETING TODAY
What are the specifications for the new iPhone?
vacuum on
Where do I find the top-up verification code?
can you whisper until i tell you not to
i'm changing your name to joe
wait, you've understood me not right.
When will the transaction post to my account?
on pets, what kind do you have
i need some more lights
Is it hot outside right now im Hawaii.
how much paid time off have i earned to date
what day today
go to the third episode of this podcast
what kind of nutritional content do carrots have
tell me your funniest joke
how many points did i get on my visa card
change light colors
what is trending on twitter
tell me how many vacation days i have
COMPARE USA AND OTHER COUNTERS
tell me the date of my last car check up
what kinds of questions can you respond to
tell me how to spell malignant
that is of no importance for me, olly.
please do it again.
can you list off 4 star restaurants
where did i put my phone
compose email
i wish to know the balance of my bank of american account now
turn on the roomba for me
show me the time
What is Uber?
Please tell me some international news.
What area has at least a thousand miles of open desert?
color the lights red
are there any ubers available in my area right now
How can I tell if my top-up has been cancelled?
I'm waiting for the ID verification to go through still, so is it too soon to use my account?
I cannot verify my identity
Why can't I see the top up I made?
I just took some cash out of a cash machine in Heathrow airport because I wanted to buy some new sunglasses for my holiday but you've added a fee to the withdrawal, what is this?
play new bob dylan album
how long will i have to wait at cheesecake factory
I see an unfamiliar Direct Debit payment.
What are the BBC poll predictions for the upcoming US elections?
Pencil in coffee with Jamal at Starbucks for 3pm on Tuesday.
when should i get new tires i last replaced them four years ago
resume inkheart
Any fee for topping up?
How can I check the source for my funds?
please say it once again.
What home alarms have been set?
get me the location of denmark?
i think my luggage has been misplaced
unsync from my phone please
i think you did the task incorrectly.
can you tell me whether or not you approved my vacation time
PDA please update list with new item
i would like to know the latest from nbc news
Look up Jim's email and reply that I don't know.
yeah you have gotten command perfectly.
What are my available lists?
please play for me elvis presley song again
Show me all meeting reminder
can i substitute honey for sugar
what is a virtual and how do i get one
What is the date two Saturdays from now?
give me current information about traffic at central park road
Do I have appointments today?
list my different alarm
Explain the activation method for this card
thank ya!
My card seems to not be working at all.
How can I perform a dual money transferring from one account to another?
Why do I need to have my identity verified?
what's your opinion on the meaning of life
what day of the week is it
I want to reverse my transaction from earlier
would you say you like cats or dogs
please adjust the colors in my lights
uh no, you did not understand what i am searching for.
Where should I go eat tonight?
remove eggs for the shopping list
will play chess
i've used the last can of tuna fish and need you to order a new case of it
further explain me on your response please.
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Is it necessary to configure this? If so, where is this done?
what's my interest rate
There are automatic debits on my account that I did not make.
i am grateful for the help
how can i protect my credit rating
How many transactions can I do with one disposable card?
Olly, name me some current events in the Bay Area.
divide one thousand five hundred by one hundred and sixty
i need to know how long to do a pot roast in a slow cooker
how can i keep my credit score from falling
read to me my to do list
get it right.
Give me the definition of the word fondle
what does my schedule look like today
i need to move my money
turn off the lights in the bathroom
what about the new york city traffic
My address needs to be changed.
I need a uber to my current location.
can you tell me if there's a lot of wait time at wendy's around 8am
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
what events are in me area
Remove the grocery list from my active lists.
what is the total number of days i have taken off so far
what events are happening in los angeles
My card was not accepted in a shop
Jack birthday is on 15th march set a reminder
How long will it take for my transferred money to show up?
remove item four
Tweet walmart and ask why they still havn't mopped the sticky floor.
set whisper mode to off
Please help me in this, as i was unable to make any payment by my new card,  it was getting declined repeatedly. I am not very happy with this incident.
road traffic
tell me about city traffic
how many days did i take off
play only particular singer songs
Why haven't I received a refund yet?
Why do you require so many details about my identity?
Why caused my top up to not work?
What is new about blank
sorry but you messed up with.
when is the next time it is suppose to rain
Please give me information on Michael Jackson
what's the dollar's exchange rate with the euro
can you tell me the price of google stock
make a reservation for wheeler party of 3 for 5pm at andrea's steakhouse
create an alarm for six am
place a marker for me where i am on the map
Can I unblock my PIN in the app?
you did perfect job,, olly.
what kind of questions are you good at answering
show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
can you turn msnbc on in the car
olly cancel all soccer practice alarms
I need to close my account.  Your company is terrible!
tell me some good mexican restaurants in dallas
set an alarm at six in the morning
In Jodhpur traffic level is very Low
What's the time in New york?
remind me at the start of each month
PDA name: Can you tell me when i
I can't find my card, it is lost.
please tell me the minimum amount i can pay on my wells fargo credit card
make the light more visible
new messages
start cleaning
tell me all the takeaways nearby and i want to order food
Olly, i want to listen to 101.1 the whiz
it does not really matter for me.
My PIN was entered wrong and now I am blocked.  Please unblock.
Tweet to Google costumer service, My new Nexus phone stop working. Help please
I used this account a lot during the last month to manage my payments for my new place abroad. Seems that suddenly fees have increased? Shouldn't you instead reward your frequent customers instead of putting an additional fee suddenly?!
Play some soft jazz
Brighten living room lights
fill me in on the reviews for ruby tuesday
replace color from light to dark
What appointments or meetings do I have coming up for this week.
tell me about the events going on around my location
give me the most recent stuff you have angelina jolie
this song was very good
look up the number of people living in miami florida
i want you to roll a 5 sided dice for me
Hoe do i use my credit card to transfer money?
please tell me the name you use for me
so far, how many days off have i taken
Are there any limits to were my card is accepted?
can you see if my order was delivered
How many times can I use my disposable card?
Hello, I am buying a flat and need the inital payment for the mortgage to go through. It keeps showing up as error, what is going on? Can you please help me make this transfer?
please confirm that i have a reservation for march 1st at 7
are you working for me
Why does it show that my transfer is still pending?
I need to activate my card, how is that done?
can you turn off the living room lights
I might need a new card because it's not working at any of the ATMs. I don't think ive used all my money. Why is it doing this?
my events
when will you mail me a replacement card
i need to know how to spell friend
where did i last place my phone
what food is good
give me the details of friend
new customer and filling gas today, it's not working, the thing shows pending half an hour!
repeat jazz
play lite music in 106.7
resume play on my most recent audiobook selection
Is there any alarm active?
whats the dow jones at today
PDA: Is today the 4th or the 5th?
in jaipur traffic level is high
why was my payment reverted on the app
what happened to my pizza order it has been an hour since i ordered
what is the meaning of stupendous
read my reminders to me
i just found a better job and need to move my 401k over to my new employer
how hot is it outside today
i would like to start this new audiobook
best reviews restaurant in south sacramento
you have to check out kfi he's the best
what is the answer to that question
do they take reservations at carrabbas
where is the closest uber
the exchange rate on my payment was wrong
i wanna remove fishing from my calendar for soccer
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
Where do I get a disposable virtual card?
what are some activities to do in chicago
weather in costa mesa
new policies
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub and set it to be delivered at five pm tonight
Provide WSJ news
i'm out of clorox wipes so will you put that on my shopping list
I have a question regarding the PIN of the card?
what day of the month is it
would you please check what i last said.
do you have a cat or a dog
Can I change my PIN at any ATM?
you've done task all wrong.
is there any concerts taking place in new york today
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been charged though...
comcast sucks put that on their twitter account
i need to get a new motorcycle insurance plan
thanks but i think you do not understand me.
have a good one
give me harry potter trivia
order a train ticket to los angeles
what are the reasons I have to proof my identity to you?
how do i say good bye in chinese
do not talk
Should I bring gloves with me tonight?
Hello I am unable to exchange the crypto currency through the app, i am very keen to buy. Please let me know the issue.    interested buying crypto currency but i am unable to purchase it through the application,i do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
i can't get that.
Show me most recent emails
who designed you
start a takeaway order for me
put a reminder on the calendar to buy a gun on march 1st
Money is not in recipients account.
How's Microsoft's stock?
a volume of 4 is ideal please
tell me a joke
turn on socket
can you make me some coffee
how to spell doctor
Did I ask you to remind me of anything?
will traffic be good when i leave in five minutes
where can i get a shot of tequila and some to go mexican food
I can't find my phone.
quiet please
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
May I receive a different card pin
make a reservation to stay in cali from november 11 to 15
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
how far has my application for the hsbc card proceeded till now
Is there a way to undo a transaction?
how do you prepare taco
Am I on vacation this week?
Why did my top up get pulled back out?
add what i listen to to my car ride playlist
add to calender on this date and time with these people
how much do you make
remove all my engagements from calendar for tomorrow
There was an extra charge when I used my card
How do I order a card?
Why can't I see the top up I made?
How many recent emails have this sender or subject line?
thank you very much for that information.
add mom's birthday to my calendar on april 12
shit, not right.
play The Weeknd
what does tacobell stand for
directions to sainsburys.
i like this song what is it can you please repeat it once
my set alarms
book an uber to the nearest mall in the next half hour
thats a negative
where do i go to look at my credit score
remove file from list
Did I get new emails from Sarah?
between 9:00 am and 11:00 am, are there meeting rooms available
What's the current temperature?
Why was I double charged?
tell me what flange means
I just bought an item and would like to stop payment, is this possible?  The item has not been received yet.
olly would you please shut up.
please we're the following alarm
How long is a delivery to the US?
should i go through the valley or on the ten to get to westwood
Could you please help me?  I made my rent payment and have double checked that I sent it to the right account.  The person receiving it says he has not received it but it shows complete on my side.
put off the livingroom light
turn off socket
What are the cards and currencies that you support?
My account was charged twice for one purchase
My salary is deposited in GBP. Do I need to choose the currency?
The exchange rate for case abroad is applied wrong.
could you call me by a different name, please
May i know whats at location 1258745
open takeout menus
What is the interview time from yesterday's email?
change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red
please roll the 10 sided dice
what cards can i use to add money to my account
Olly, please set dinner plans at 7pm for every Friday in April.
Siri, skip two songs
My card has been declined by two separate ATM, and I'm worried something is wrong with my account. Would you please see if my account is okay?
how i do schedule car maintenance
take frozen food off my shopping list
what time is the last train headed to Chicago
i need you to roll dice now
Seven times seven
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
What time does the Zach Brown concert on June 3rd begin?
search the item
what are fun facts about lighthouses
when does the next train to work leave
Can I top-up any amount I wish on any given day?
The app is showing that I received alot more money than I actually received from the ATM. This occurred earlier today.
i like top forty music
I was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
is there a travel alert in argentina
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
What color should I paint my nails?
should i take an umbrella today
how much money is the state going to take from me for taxes
go ahead and pay my american express bill now
what is my gas level
how soon is my next day off
please let's try the last spoke one more time again.
Can you provide information for freezing my card immediately?
in jaipur traffic level is high
Can you upload my latest selfie in my facebook account?
I made a mistake with a transaction!
what is tuesday like on my calendar
I am travelling and I was wondering what your exchange rates are
cancel my reservation for dinner this saturday, please
Play Radiomango
stock price for gss energy
whats my schedule today
delete <unk>
am i eligible for a new credit card application
I am not sure but someone else might be using my card
will cracker barrel be crowded around five this evening
i need a coffee
olly that is all, just stop it.
Hi, I am interested buying crypto currency but unable to purchase it through the application. I do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
these lights are too bright please lower them
How do I top up?
are cool people at the bar at 9:00 pm
start spider
i haven't a clue
i want to know more about this person
what are trending topics on twitter right now
Can I auto top if I'm low on funds?
i am unable to hear you can you speak little loud
I found a direct debit I would like to dispute
what exactly is my pin
Can another family member hold a card for this account in addition to mine?
please create a new alarm
i need two pizzas stat
Olly, play me an upbeat song through your speakers.
I needed some cash while abroad, and I'm pretty sure the wrong exchange rate was applied.
Where can i find kids free deals on saturdays?
i need you to call the broker
Do I have class on Monday?
Why are the payments being declined on my new card?  I tried several times to use my new card to pay for my gas at the Shell station in my neighborhood.  I am very distressed about my new card not working.
can you tell me my credit rating
Is it possible to get a Visa and Mastercard from you?
What kind of fee is there to top-up my account?
PDA, can you give me a rundown on John Legend?
i wanna know what kinds of pets you have
I believe that my card has been stolen!
there is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
Play 1999 by prince
There is an urgent thing that I need to transfer from China. Approximately how long will it take?
i can not see my top up
I have withdrawn cash from ATM but i received the wrong amount. I want cash back as in app its showing actual amount which i got. Please help me in this.
i would like to know the kind of gas that this car uses
don't really bother.
i don't know how to spell malfeasance
tell me the email address for aunt ruth
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
i like to be called mikey
i want to see my location on the map
PDA, change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow.
take grocery buying off of the list
how much time it will take to prepare the order
remind me on fifth march of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
are there any alarms going off today
Send an alert before meeting
what do you know about mary
go ahead and roll those dice
you didn't say my name right.
WHat is the latest news from CBS?
when travelling in chicago, what kinds of attractions should i see
Could you help my figure out the exchange fee?
turn on the rap playlist
i want to hear that word again.
I need help with activating my card
emails in the last hour
What's the limit to how much I can top up?
tell me the expiration date for my current credit card
My new card keeps getting declined. I was very excited to use it for the first time today. Why is this doing this?
change the lighting to blue
can the delivery be specific to my needs?
do you know why the bank put a hold on my joint checking account
lets set a timer for me
adjust the light
Why was there a fee when I pulled cash?
How long will it take to activate my new card?
Can you let me know if Visa is among the card scheme assignments?
Who is my meeting with?
wouldn't really know, olly.
what can i do to keep my credit in good standing
Is there a charge for physical cards
please let me know where david is travelling
Start reply
what are you called
Can you watch a movie on Netflix with me?
find my thai takeaways around grassmarket
Tell me how I can verify a card top-up.
following event
exchange rates between dollar and euro
do you know the timezone for phoenix
appreciated, that was fantastic job.
can i get takeaway from arby's
My card isn't working anymore.
i want volume on my speakers
how's the mpg for this on the freeway
would i need to buy a plug converter when in rome
please save this song
i would not know, olly.
can I choose a date for delivery?
s1, rephrase me further on it please.
tell me how to apply for a new credit card
I submitted a transaction to the incorrect account.
Tell me time it is.
can you tell me the time at san francisco
Find me a chocolate cake recipe.
please elaborate further on that to me.
Why is my transfer taking so long. I thought it was supposed to only take 1 day if I made a transfer to someone. Can you wee what went wrong?
how much money in us would i need to have a thousand pesos
give boss my current location
show my position on the map
play for me the game candy crush
Start email to client...
book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
send response i will be there
answer the equation eight times seven
it is useful,, olly.
where is my gf right now
Let's play 90s hits on the radio
please tell me your hobbies
There's a card payment with a name I don't recognize
i would like to get some more checkbooks mailed to me
it was cool, thank you very much.
can i increase my credit limit to 1100 dollars
Tell me the time in another city in US
Help me with a PIN change.
tell me my latest email
remind me at six thirty pm
make a call for me to the vet
i need to rent a car from traveler's rent a car downtown and make it from friday the 6th to monday the 9th cheapest available
what is the currency conversion charges applicable.
Does your app allow currency exchanges between USD and GBP?
play music playlist
Olly what ingredients are needed for pudding
please play only sad song in music player
If I exchange currencies on a frequent basis can I receive a discount?
Why won't you accept my payment? I keep trying with this card and it's not working.
I need to transfer money to my account from another bank
PDA add Sally's Birthday to Calander for Saturday at 10pm
how long can i keep macaroni in the fridge before it spoils
Olly I would like to know about Jane's party.
why am i unable to access my bank account
timezone currently in mobile
My card activation is failing.
remind me about the meeting
Foreign currency rates were put in wrong at an ATM i used.
it should spices
select rai music file
dim the lights in the living room
roll a fourteen sided dice exactly
show all emails of contract
I put money into my account for the minimum balance but the application didn't accept.
I would like to know what your exchange rates are.
send a text to someone
is it possible for me to get a better credit card
I have no idea why but my transfers keep getting declined. I have double checked all the recipient details several times already and they're definitely correct.
disconnect from my phone now
tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horrible
Open Calculator
who pay your salary
How do I get my card to work?
how to change name on account
what is this extra charge with my purchase?
how healthy is tacos
what will the traffic be like if i headed out to work right now
i want to call mark
I just took some cash out of a cash machine in Heathrow airport because I wanted to buy some new sunglasses for my holiday but you've added a fee to the withdrawal, what is this?
book me a room on november 11 to 15 in cali
What size is a sperm whale?
Please hold for the next hour
all rccg march event is to be added to my calendar
When was Frank Sinatra born?
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
Tube was super busy today
olly cancel yoga alarms
There is a direct debit charge that I don't recognize, what can I do?
olly that's all, stop it.
I was not able to use the ATM to get cash
thanks but i think you had it wrong.
play any country music station
add up the calories in tacos
add to list
let me see cultural events for this weekend in palermo neighborhood
can you delete the dentist appointment
i would like to change your name to fred
please you don't speak in eight to ten pm
i need some information on a recent transaction
Someone might have access to my card!  There are some strange payments showing up on my account.  What do I do?
what are some good ethiopian restaurants in queens
If my card was lost or stolen can I re-link it?
note current song as awesome please
What is Mary S's phone number?
how many pounds do sixty kg make
tell me the gasoline type for this car
Why cant I send money to a beneficiary?
How can my friend send me money?
set lights to full power
will you please put something something@gmail dot com in my contacts
my shopping list contains what again
return to factory default
what is my credit card spending limit
i was at trader joe's trying to buy groceries and my card got declined
what highly rated movies are playing this weekend
what is my saving's account balance
PDA, turn the radio to kiss fm.
can i raise the credit limit for my discover card
My top up says it is still pending
if you flip a coin, i call tails
how is the traffic on the way to the mall
How long will my ATM withdrawal be pending?
give me the train time
My card's expiration is approaching, how do I replace it.
what time does the train to place leave
The card is non-functional.
Book uber taxi for my travel
What are ways to test why my card might not be working?
whatever would be good to me, olly.
i want to listen to treasure island by robert louis stevenson
make the lights brighter
What should I do if I think there are unauthorized transactions?
Just let me know the area of the Asian continent
clear calendar events all
What is this €1 charge?
play the next song please if you would
remove wake up calls for this week
can you play music by led zepplin
please turn up the volume
please will you check it.
speak in a different accent
what's my current limit on my mastercard
How can I check for an unsupported merchant for my transfer request?
what's the traffic on eighty today
i'd like some suggestions on where to go on my vacation this year
What's going on outside?
What time do the trains depart to Atlanta.
make my calendar empty
Exchange rate on a purchase was incorrect
schedule a monday meeting with sam at 1 pm
what is there to do in craberra
How do I get to Dunkin Donuts in Atlantic City, NJ
If I want a physical card, do I have to pay anything?
get me new difintion.
i want to play solitare with you
I would like to order a virtual card.
how old are you in 2019
please check the wrong command.
Let's play that song again
Why isn't my deposit in my account?
Start playing jazz music.
thank you very much for the assistance
show me podcasts
When will I have access to my pin number?
every wednesday night at five pm remind me to meet phil
political news
I forgot the passcode on my app.
Remind me when the Giants are playing each week.
can you tell me the to do's on my reminder list
please use your female voice
Explain God ?
inform my bank i'm traveling to australia between february 23rd to february 25th
add practice to calendar on feb four at king's park at two pm
put the song sung by shreya at the top
make the lights in my home yellow
resume harry potter book one
cheapest fare for flight from tehran to new york on august 1 with return on august 20
could you further clarify what you have said to me please.
Set the event to recur every week
i need to see my shopping transactions
Suggest me a complaint for neptun.al
i am sorry but i think it's not the right command.
can you play m3 file
tell me what you've said one more again please.
i need to know if cleaning out the fridge is on my to do list
what is weather today?
Are you happy today?
include rap god on the motivational playlist
What to-do lists do I have?
did i get an email from jen last night
Send email to mom saying Happy birthday
did sara tried to call me
I have not received my pin yet
Today I used my card at a restaurant and it was declined. Why?
you are awesome, appreciated.
do i have any alarms set for today
shit, you have done all wrong.
stop speaking
Play my midnight love playlist.
is there a name that you call me
My account is devoid of funds. Am I permitted to submit additional money via bank transfer?
Where can I use a disposable card?
this is unimportant to me.
Can you tell me the ATMs I can use with my card?
Please tell me about relationship
when my house burned down, so did my card
can you order me new ray bans
The refund I asked for isn't showing up
Can you tell me how I go about activating a new card?
is there more traffic in canal street
thank you so much for your asssistance.
how many tablespoons are in three cups
how do i get to the college by bus
change the native language
tell me the last spoke one more time.
when will my chinese food be delivered
Can I have an item refunded?
again clarify it to me please.
make an appointment to check my tires
should i take my raincoat with me now
increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
prompt me about TV programm at 16:15 on Thursday at BBC four
if the dollar worth a lot in country b
vacuum the mud room
how come my withdrawal rate is wrong for my cash withdrawal
How to receive the actual card
what are some fun things to do in sweden
Name all lists
How many euro make $1000?
downloads management
Why would my card payment not work?
i need the language set to swahili
x is who i need to call
can you sub half and half for heavy whipping cream
set the volume higher
Can I get a physical card
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at five
am i able to increase the limit on my visa card
I got a cheque that I want to top up with?
please make the lights watching friendly
cancel my dinner reservation please
can you give me a chinese meal suggestion
resume audiobook please
what movies are playing tonight
whats the best place to eat near here
does pizza hut have my order ready
how much psi is in my car tires
bring up a complaint form
do i have any meetings with stan today
start cleaning floors
how many sides are on a pentagon
Let's play a game
yeah answer was correct.
please identify the song we're currently listening to
give me the specs on the bugatti veyron
what is the best hardware store near me
Can I change my PIN online?
please start the podcast
i want to know the status of my day off request
play BBC radio one
let coach know where i am
Would I be able to use SWIFT transfers?
what day of the week is june twenty seventh on this year
you did the command perfectly.
remember to put carrots in there
Card activation is not working. What do i do?
what types of activities do you enjoy
I have multiple meeting today, remind in 30 minutes interval before the start of each meeting.
can you please order me some mcdonalds
The exchange rate you are using is really bad. This can't possibly be the official interbank exchange rate.
did i set up a reminder to clean the bathroom
what's the meaning of affiliate
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer now. There isn't an option from the app.
where can i go shopping here
Where is the top-up verification code located?
I was charged $1 in a transaction.
Olly what happened lately regarding fashion?
what are the pending reminder for today evening
Is it possible for friends to top up my account?
Why didn't my transfer go through?
Remind me of meeting time at 7pm next Monday
Why hasn't my cash been deposited yet?
i want to reserve a convertible from july 2nd through july 18th for los angeles
Please find all emails from Jane about our sunday church group.
Set event on recurring
currency to currency rate
tell me what my name is
i need to change my oil, how do i
DO you know the reason for the identity check?
i want to cancel the reservation for mercury at the ritz
send a mail to whom to talk
what do you think the meaning of life is
Is there a fee for topping up
hey play crazy by britney spears
Waht is the geographic area of Australia
Is there any way to see my card in the app?
can i switch cream with milk in a recipe
How long does it typically take a transfer to go through?  I sent some money to a friend earlier today, and she really needs it.  It still is a pending transfer, even though I sent it a few hours ago.
WHERE IS MY MONEY I WAS USING MY CARD AND IT DISAPPEARED
do i need to wait to get my card before getting a pin
let me know how you are doing
Can you tell me the foreign exchange rate?
can i put in a pto request for december 3rd to december 10th
The card payment didn't work
you've got the command exactly.
Hello, I am facing the issue with my new card as payments are declining again and again. Please help me in this issue.
please tell me what a crankshaft is
tell me the name of this music
you've done that exactly.
Remind me later.
how long to get downtown
open saga
will you look up joe's contact information for me
tell me what i said one more time again please.
reshuffle and play music
is there any way to change the date of my oil change
There are two of the same charge on my statement.
What is the process for activating my new card?
There is a strange payment on my card and I don't know what to do.
how much gas does this car use in the city
Why can't I use my beneficiary?
can you shut off please.
what kind of music on the speaker now
I topped up my account and even though it was confirmed at first, the money isn't there anymore! why did this happen, and where did my money go?
should i wear a dress or a sweat shirt today
Do I need any kind of documentation for the identity check?
may i hear some music by fleet foxes
what is the square root of four
please remove the appointment which i have made with mrjim
How do I add an existing card to the app?
What steps should I take before my card expires?
i want to listen arijit singh song once again
Is it possible to change my PIN?
would you tell me once again.
is the birthday event on fifteenth of this month true
try to play old nineties classic music
i need you to block my mutualone account now
whats a good chinese dinner suggestion
add a reminder for april twenty as my bro's birthday
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
What is this fee for transferring money?
what is the process of making a vacation request
My passcode was denied.
show me the alarms i set
Hi, I am trying to buy something online, but i think there is some issue in my card. As payment is reverted. Please help me in this as i am facing the same issue from last two weeks.
what is the linear equation
where do i find my w-2 tax form
have i received any messages about my credit card application
i want you to delete my shopping list from last month
how high is my credit limit for my american express card
healthy foods
switch off the light on the left
don't bother, olly.
Why am I not seeing the check I deposited this morning in my account?
where is a petrol station in five mile radius
please send a taxi to my house
What is the number of transactions for one disposable card?
I would like it to be able to tell if something is starting to burn and turn off the oven, stove, or microwave.
i need trip to the zoo on the calendar for june 4
what additional fees do you charge if i use my card in lisbon
i cant recall my pin number for my city first account
Is there any way to Auto top-up?
Is there a charge to use a Top up card in the US?
thanks but that is not the right answer.
what is the exchange rate between the us dollar and the aus dollar
i'm grateful for the answer you just gave me
Give me the latest news
can you get me a taxi home
what is the xxx
select the contact
how many weeks ago was my car in the shop
"when the credit score improve
How much does 1 euro cost in rupees.
remove my grocery list
tell me your date of birth
thanks for response.
My top up keeps showing pending?  How long will things be like this?  Days, weeks, months?  I need the money quite urgently for an important coffee purchase, can you please let me know when top up will work?
start over please.
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
Check the news.
in a fried egg, how many calories are there
Is there any discount for someone that exchanges currencies frequently?
What is latest on the recent events happening right now?
olly please shut down.
Schedule a lunch meeting with Brent on Wednesday at noon.
Play Queen
how is jennifer garner's career doing
can you tell me the amount of gas i have
will you please clarify again.
what is happening in delhi today
cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at eight am
Can you add Gloria to my list of clients?
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
whats the exchange charge
Can I use app to unblock my card?
Play a news radio station
tell me my current location
can you check my last question.
i'm going out of country, what type of outlet plug do i need
go ahead and close the reservation
Would you like to play a game with me, Olly?
Find Jhonny's address
hey can you make it blue in here
Can I change the amount I made on a payment that I made to the payment is correct.
um, i'm not sure
add this song to my catalogue
set generic calendar event for next saturday at ten am
what is exchange for the us and euro
Will there be additional costs of I make a withdrawal from a local ATM of British pounds? I need some cash to feel comfortable on the journey home
would you check and confirm it please.
show reminders
How is the weather looking in Las Angeles?
you're talking too fast i need you to slow it down
when do i take my car in for a tire change
How much will it be in order to pay with a bank transfer using SEPA?
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
I tryed to make a top-up with cryptocurrency but the payment was referted.
Why am I unable to transfer money when I was able to before?
find ny train time
Start reading book.
got it exactly.
what is the date in 5 days
Order one coffee to Starbucks coffee shop
This is the best band ever
yeah you have got my instructions exactly.
Show chicken tikka recipe
I bought something and want the money refunded can I get some help with that?
if i use my card in mexico, will there be added fees
please clear my calendar for tomorrow
what is the easiest way to check my bank rewards card
is there a sporting event tomorrow in chicago
would it be okay to change your name to daphne
Is my card valid everywhere?
who is singing the song i am listening to right now
stop wake up calls for this week
let me know what names you have for me
I've lost track of my phone or someone stole it.
list shops in douglasville ga
please roll this 8 sided dice
include meeting in the list
make a things to do list
open cnn app
what is the size of the united states
audio
I need to transfer money into my account, and I don't know how to do that.
where can i deposit a check
can you suggest some quality chinese restaurants in oklahoma city
I'm interested in what your exchange rates are based on.
let me see the nutrition content of the chicken tacos
tell me what i put on the shopping list
Play classical channel in Sirius
would i be safe if i traveled to japan
say that again.
Where in the app do I link a new card?
i need status on that vacation request
that would be "no
this is not what i requested.
put the news on bbc
play the most current episode of levin
Turn on my playlist of country music.
Please show me any articles related to weather in the morning news.
what is that one more time.
are transaction fees charged for my aaa card in canada
I transferred some cash and it didn't arrive
delete event for tuesday
what is the best mexican restaurant in seattle
stop, i think it's not the correct command.
book a train ticket to canada this evening
I made a deposit of cash and check that has not been added to my balance.
what is the turn around for a new card
repeat the song playing now
olly tell me about activities in my area this weekend
tell me what time it is in dallas texas
If there isn't much money left can it automatically top-up?
call an uberpool to get me at long island bar
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
what's the funnest thing for a tourist to do in iceland
I have never been charged a card payment fee before. Why did this change?
PDA: skip ahead to the next podcast
thank you very much for the answer
do i need pants
i would love to know the closest gas station to glendale
what is going on, i have entered my passcode and its not working
the answer is confirmed.
top up did not complete
i'd like to set up a reservation for kibble at 4
what are my plans for today
how much am i paying from my income in taxes
i'm grateful
what is that one more time.
what rihanna is doing
What makes something head cheese?
what's the change in best buy stick
I want to see each of my pending reminders.
Please check the weather in Kansas
what type of restaurants are nearby
please check last thing said.
does peking garden do orders online
let us play cross-words
Does that restaurant allow take-out orders?
The exchange rate seems off on this transaction
I have double-checked all of my recipient details but for some reason all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have no clue as to why.
will you shut down please.
it's useful, thank you so much.
where can i book a train ticket to oregon
don't talk until i ask you to
why do people use avocado seeds
get rid of mike stein from contacts list
did my vacation get approved
i want to know the meaning of life
How come I can't take money out of the ATM?
where do i find my routing number for my pnc account
how much is one u. s. d. in inr
set the alarm for tomorrow five am
how many calories are in cookies
How can I transfer money to this account from another bank?
can you calculate 18 divided by 45
can't understand your words.
how many sick, personal, and vacation days have i billed so far this year
3*2=6
Please open go fish game and play it with me.
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
tweet a complaint to local municipality
add every girl life by evelyn mayer to the must read list
how is the status of my credit card application coming along
how long until i get my replacement card
Why is my beneficiary not working?
i hate how long the traffic jams get
How do I know how much money I will have when I travel abroad?
what is left to do today
Latest tweets
order my whole shopping list
Light up the lights in the kitchen
what do i need to pick up at the grocery store
when's the rent due
i want you to flip a coin i choose heads
play the song from last night at 6pm
what is the current day
Can I set my own top-up limit?
i want to verify my reservation for the 18th at 1pm
Clear event from calendar and refresh.
Do you use Mastercard or Visa?
My top-up never worked
Play slow down the song.
you've done a task wrong.
The latest climate and weather news
good job, you did well.
i want to know who your boss is
do i need a travel visa to visit china
what music do i like
how do i get to the fine arts center by foot
i really wanna know my credit score
can i change my nickname
i would like to place an order for more checkbooks to me mailed to me
It's requiring me to verify my identity?
Can you top-up a card with a cheque?
help me figure out redemption of my credit card points
There are transactions that I don't recognize. What do I do if I think someone is using my card?
can you repeat that please
What do you charge to top up US cards?
would you please check to see if i've set my alarm for tomorrow morning
that is excellent, musch appreciated.
how many years on the earth
i want to fly to atlanta for under 300 from pittsburgh
lets get a taxi
i need you to set alarm for me
please confirm my reservation at parc for 8:00 pm, with the name denise jack
I have been charged twice this week for a couple of things on my card. Can you please check this out for me and return the double charged items back?
turn  on music by seal
confirm my reservation at dino's at 6 pm
What percentage of the US population is related to the English royal bloodline in some way?
What is the limit to a top-up?
where would you say you were born
switch on light
how many us dollars can i get for 20 euros
could you please again clarify your answer to me.
what music genre do i listen to the most
How do I report a stolen card?
translate hello english to french
prepare some cups of coffee for us
The ATM didnt return my card!
How old is Zac Galifrankas?
i'd like you check the last thing said please.
it is damaging to my credit score if i miss one credit card payment
hey how old are you
could you dim the lights
My card has been declined by two separate ATM, and I'm worried something is wrong with my account. Would you please see if my account is okay?
Domino's has takeaway, right?
i need to know my phone's location
Save new email addresses to my contacts.
How do I use a check to top up?
i want to and my email address
Why am I unable to take money from my card but the statement says the transaction is still pending?
start from last time on my audio book
i want a clean bootup to factory settings
i broke my card when i bent my wallet
cancel my 3pm alarm
I have a direct debit I didn't set up
find me news about trumps speech
Why should I have to prove my identity?
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
podcast play
look to see if luigi's has takeaway
what kind of things do you do when you have free time
i would like to hear what i've said again.
I want to transfer money using my credit card.
olly please would you stop.
When will my transfer be available in my account.
The refund doesn't show in my account
Top 10 movies
tweet: your waiting time sucks. tag KOC
do you hear songs of arrahman music
can you reserve a room for a friday meeting at 5pm
There are two of the same charge on my statement.
Will I be able to top up by cheque?
Is it possible to hold money in different currencies?
What type of fiat currencies do you support?
change this time zone to washington
Add an event starting at 3 PM in Goshen, New York on May 5th for Dan's Graduation.
When I topped up, the app reverted my funds.
How much does BDE cost?
Why is there an extra dollar charged to my account?
play billybob show on bbc radio four
what is 1 fifth times 2 fifths
remove the latest alarm
what the current balance of reward points on my mastercard
i feel like playing chess can you play that
Tell the Golden Fork that I want their fish risotto delivered
This event needs to be deleted
can you tell me my current interest rate
let's try again please.
My identity isn't being accepted, what should I do?
what is the square root of 144
thanks but i think it was not right answer.
play me some melody song
please send mom an email saying that i can make it next week
when do i need a new credit card
when do i need to change my tires
could you tell me my interest rate
Can you remove my to do list?
robot vacuum the hallway now
tell me an axolotl fact
What reasons could cause my top up to be reverted
what do i do to get a visa card
when is easter in the year two thousand and eighteen
Will I always be charged a fee for using my card?
find an uber for two passengers we are going to the airport in toledo
transfer $5 from savings to checking
Turn off my wemo plug
olly please could you shut off.
tell me current time
just increase the volume a little
i like you stop it.
i need a pto request put in for the weekend of june 1st to june 2nd
appreciate helping.
Let dog out
yeap perfect response to the command.
whats the mpg of this car
Send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
Can you tell me where I can withdraw money?
Hello. I'm trying to transfer some money to a friend but it keeps getting rejected. can you help me?
describe rock sand
what's the spelling of multimedia
what is a good way to make steak
I got some cash of an ATM earlier but this shows up as pending in the app. How can this be still pending, I've got the cash already?
i want my phone to be disconnected from you
give me a coin toss result
i am not so clear about that.
do homework for me please
Is the system down? I've been trying to do a transfer and have failed?
Order two large pizzas and 2p pieces of hot wings from dominoes.
would you stop.
how much have i recently spent
im worried about fraud how do you protect my account
how much indian rupees per u. s. d. today
You did not give me the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
meeting with Anna this friday
Start a vacuum cleaner
My disposable virtual card is not working when I try to use it at a point of sale transaction. What do I do now?
what's the latest on the travel ban
What are the longest rivers in the world?
what is my credit card's apr
uh no, it is not what i just requested.
i like you to check and confirm what last said please.
please tell me what subjects you like
I WANT YOU TO REMEBER ME TO TAKE MY RAIN COAT BECAUSE IT MAY RAIN.
the bank needs to know that i am traveling soon
go forward to the next track
can they provide takeaway
How do I change my address?
change background
add farm trip to my calendar for friday
what movies is kevin spacey in
Are there limits to top-ups?
How do i request more physical cards?
so what kind of gas does my car need
i would like you check detail please.
Can I get my card fast tracked?
Checkout today third set alarm.
What cards and currencies can I use?
what is exchange for the us and euro
hey call the nearest chinese restaurant for a takeaway
play beatles
Can you let me know when it's 2:00?
please tell me how many emails i have
please set two alarms, one at 12 pm and the next at 1 pm
Hello, there was an error while attempting top-up with my card this morning. I was able to use the card two days ago with no issues. Could you please assist?
cooking recipe
don't care.
compile information on the data breach
What are the rules for a top-up?
does sidetracks take reservations
yes answer was confirmed.
whatever will be okay.
are the reviews good or bad for burger king
give me name and type of this music
please would you shut up.
what song is this
I couldn't complete card activation.
what have i spent on food this month
do i need a power adapter in mexico
Why is there a payment I didn't do?
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer within the country. It still has not completed. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
Please help me delete this account.
Even though it's late, I wanted to see about disputing a charge. I was just looking through my transactions over the past couple of months and noticed a pretty large amount that was not completed by me. Is this possibly something I can still do.
what day of the week is it
Let me know if there are any new emails from eBay
delete the shopping list
look up the lowest amount i can pay on my electricity bill
In which stores can I shop with this card?
would not know.
Change the volume
can you please call nata
help me find the chase routing number
how many calories are in a honey bun
what are your favorite hobbies
delete all scheduled events
are my tires under-inflated
what are the time zones of russia
what is the name of that song
can you tell me how many vacation days i've taken
mel gibson
tell me when i received my most recent paycheck
How old do you have to be to be able to open an account?
can you give me a thai meal suggestion, please
play the book which i heard on some particular day
Why hasn't arrived yet a transaction I did to my friend?
do i have any meetings today between 8 and 9
Find ingredients for chicken marsala
I need your help to check my account, please! My card keeps being declined at the ATM, and I've already tried two different ones!
I like it
The sun is shinning bright, will we have this weather for the rest of the day?
Can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston?
What news came out about Steve Bannon?
Does the PIN come under separate cover?
find the serial podcast and play it
how do i deglaze a pan
Make a meeting with Tom around 9am on Tuesday.
i would like to know my credit score
My money is nowhere to be found? I talked up earlier and seen it. Now it has vanished. What is going on?
did i lock the doors
Can I receive my salary in a currency other than what it is deposited in?
Let me know on Tuesday if I have messages.
Is it possible for a person who lives in the US to get a card?
Could you play poker with me
make your name steve
what does mature mean
Are there any fees when exchanging to foreign currencies?
tell me how many days i took off
upcoming events information
What is the longest a US transfer should take to appear in my account?
can you help me do math
hey olly tell my today's top news
I need your help in deleting my account.
got it exactly.
Olly I want blue lighting
"i'll leave to lax and go to phl for $120 on nov 5th
find me the perfect girlfriend
How do I get a virtual card on my device?
make the lights in my home yellow
what's the credit limit on my account
How do I open an account for my children?
what alarms do you have set
Olly delete my appointment for tomorrow at three p.m.
please alert me to the time
how many mpg does this get on the highway
what's the day of the week
i want to hear something funny about politicsi
set mute until said otherwise
change this song please
I received incorrect amount of cash from an ATM today. It was more than I wanted. What do I do now?
How are exchange rates calculated at this bank?
I cannot use my card.
Please tell me about disposable cards.
are there any positive reviews for wendy's
how do i cook meatballs
google what is the temperature outside
what do tourists do for fun in seattle
how good are the ratings for red robin
i want my schedule for march 2
forward to four twenty
will you make sure ann and scott know my location
I have been charged a fee for getting cash
What percent of my money did I spend at the mall today?
what is it is all relative mean
please add this song to my playlist favorites
play music true love
remove this list from the others
What is the procedure of unblocking my PIN?
How can I top up my account with a cheque?
look up the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
i tried to transfer cryptocurrency into my account but was denied
how much do i make every 2 weeks
How can I delete my account?
what did kim kardashian wear to london fashion week
whats the crime rate in Chicago
what are all my lists please
Place a take out order at Olive Garden.
My friend still hasn't gotten a transaction I made.
could you locate me some good places in kentucky that serve sushi
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
Will you charge an extra fee for top ups?
check the weather of city A.
thank you for the response, olly.
what is that tune
what kind of meal should i eat from thailand
you have done it perfectly.
Does 18 may contains any birthday
set my alarm for six thirty in the morning tomorrow
spell out potato
I tried to make a transfer but it failed. will you tell me why?
can you try the utterance you said one more time please.
i like music
play podcast episode new
retry it please.
How long is delivery to the US?
I would like to cancel a transfer
Do I have to pick a creditcard brand?
When getting my ID checked, what are the steps involved?
I want to withdraw money, where can I go?
a little brighter thanks
add lunch appointment with lisa to january second at twelve thirty pm
what goes into a strawberry smoothie
get me a room in cali on november 11 to 15
what is this charge on my account
Are there any limits to using disposable virtual cards?
My card payments have stopped.
what are the events next week
please try what you've just said again.
will i need sunblock this afternoon
what's leon's email
how do i change the color of the lights
what is the nutrition information for shrimp scampi
please rephrase again to me.
When this song ends, play Hotel California.
tell mewhere should i go in world tour and which places are most important
you work for who
you have done it right thanks, olly.
How long would does it take for a seller to receive an EU transfer if I bought something from them and sent them the money immediately?
How much am I charged to receive money?
Repeat calendar event.
how do i make mashed potatoes
where jackie chan currently live
add 45 to 87 plus 54 plus 43 plus 22
do i have tortillas on my shopping list if not please add it
tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
could you tell me how many pto days do i have left
Remove today's meeting at evening
tell me about the sports stadium
will you reset it please.
What day is this event scheduled for?
i am enrolled in an insurance plan and need to know what it is
how do i unlock my bank account
what do I need to remind for this afternoon?
My top-up was supposed to be done, but now the money is gone! Is there a glitch in your system?
Questionable transactions on my account.
What does (insert) mean ?
put laundry on my list of things to do
what did you mean by saying it.
What is the weather at home
find me my dad's email address
tell me how to make ramen
What countries can I travel to and have access to their currencies?
Please check and tell me contact details of Mongomery LLc company
thank you
tell company their service is bad
remove my work alarm
tweet at united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
I don't see a refund in my account.
how do i make shrimp
What is the largest desk?
what is on the agenda for the four pm meeting with joe
your volume is too high please repeat that lower
Why is my transfer pending when I already made it?
olly will you stop.
is a socket converter required in india
please tell me why my top-up failed.
it's helpful, musch appreciated.
lower battery consumption to save setting
could you please state the apr for the credit card
usually, how long does is the commute to brooklyn by bus
Create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
i do not care.
continue the smurfs book
how many carry-on items are allowed per passenger
who's playing the oboe on this piece
can i go without coat now
i want a cancellation of the dinner reservation for phillips at bernardin's
will you replay what you have said please.
is summer going on?
i need to delete the alarm for church on sundays at eleven am
I checked the app and my balance has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
Where is Raleigh?
Comcast sucks, put that on their twitter account.
Can I take food home here?
play me an upbeat song through your speakers
yeap you have done answer exactly.
tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful
Is a SWIFT transfer okay?
Is the aniversary event on 22nd of this month true
did the yankees win last night
I have used this account overseas recently. Has there been an increase in fees that I am unaware of?
can you roll the dice
can you schedule a meeting with george for 4
how much traffic is there right now in bowery street
Has Sarah posted anything today?
what do you think life is really about
what's the least amount i need to pay on the electric bill
When is Jared Leto's birthday?
i'd like to put a freeze on my bank account
How long does a UK transfer take?
tell me how the weather is
are there travel alerts for the us
I'm waiting for my transaction to complete.
order food
help me wake up with an alarm at 5:30am
What time do I have appointments today?
what is the apr on my amex card
Select the type of meal, whether a break fast/Lunch/Dinner
How do I change my PIN?
The currency exchange rate was wrong for a purchase I made.
Tell me how to get to Nubs Nob
do you know anything funny about cats
i need my credit limit changed
tell me what my credit card's apr is
you got that perfectly.
Olly, describe the computer to me?
iterate over the items on my grocery list
what did apple stock close at yesterday
you've done it correctly appreciated.
could i use white wine instead of red wine in a recipe
Olly, can you tell me the price of google stock?
what's the news from source
how are things in the world
PDA please order me this months groceries
get radio
What are the list of things I need to buy today?
i am sorry but i think that was not the right command.
What are the steps for depositing cash into my account?
Will it automatically top-up if there isn't much money left?
what is this event is called ?which happening my area
Is it windy out?
i would like to know the status of my credit card application
can you tell me the nutrional info of a big mac
what is 0/0?
the song touches my heart
post a tweet as follows very bad follow up by abc company not satisfied in my account
how long has it been since my car was looked at
How do I get the Top Up feature on my apple watch working?
what's the purpose of life
can you let me know the info on how to apply for a visa card
just call me al
i want to hear what you've said again.
it doesn't matter for me, olly.
reschedule meeting
olly please could you shut up.
access coffee maker begin process
i have to done it on the post important music file
can we please lower the lights
why hasn't a transaction to a friend cleared yet?
how do i bake a potato
roughly how long can i leave bananas in the freezer before i have to throw them out
Are there businesses that don't accept this card?
set to silent for five minutes
I was checking the app for my account and I noticed there is an authorized charge on it.  I haven't used my card today, so I know I didn't do it.  I would like the transaction reversed and the money replaced.
who has covered this song
text my doctor and tell him it happened again
Is it still going to be rainy and cold on Wednesday?
notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
Call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza.
i applied for the credit card, have you processed my application
could you schedule a meeting room for 4:00 on thursday
Hey Olly, Please set a reminder for tomorrow morning 10 am meeting
what is glass made of
set an alarm for one hour from now
whom do you work for
events happening between 8am and 5pm today
Show todays events in NY
can i move my 401k to an ira
What should I cook tonight?
What do I have scheduled today?
look up the expiration date for my barclay's card
could i rent a car from tuesday to thursday out of lax
how much for a train ticket
what are some mistakes to avoid so that my credit score stays high
send an email to my boss
i want to know if your a bot
What is the definition of the word perpetual?
can you please download my podcast file available in internet and play it once
Switch off Wemo.
Can you set a reminder for Wednesday at 1:00PM for my meeting?
Get me the top news from Huffington Post.
eight hundred and eighty nine fm please
What are the steps for getting money from a friend?
Recommend a movie for me.
Can I transfer my paycheck to the account?
respond back to the mail
this was not correct command.
pls play some music
remove the bank transction list
attenuate the lights
i don't need my reservation, can you cancel it
disable smart socket
who can put money in my account?
When I was drunk I got my card stuck in your machine because i mis-typed my PIN. What do I need to do to get it restored?
could you shut down.
how would you say can i borrow five dollars in portuguese
What are my reminders for today?
Where is my cash deposit?
resume series podcast
i don't really mind to choose any one.
cats or dogs
i want to listen to podcast
can you help me with my pin number
delete the party on june first from my calendar
i'm really not sure
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
Please tell me where I can get a drink nearby after midnight.
Delete all the events of today
i would like you check details please.
who set up the numbers for it
WETHER IN UK IS COLD
WHERE CAN I ORDER TAKEOUT?
send david my location
how is my commute
New reminder at 3pm
what is the u.s. dollar exuivalent of 1 euro
When my card expires soon, how fast is the replacement card sent and what are the costs?
I like classic rock
I want to play solitare with you.
how do i change my insurance policy
Am I going to see a charge for a SEPA transfer?
send a complaint to my boss
email tom
reset the factory settings please
roll those dice once
Are your cards supported in the EU?
Am I able to top up with this cheque I received?
PDA I want to go to Sally's Brithday on Saturday at 10pm
Tell me current time in Los angels
tell me about city traffic
where is the nearest restaurant here
is my school alarm set
find joel osteen's broadcast on sirius
send a text to joe
is there any alarm active
how do i let visa know about a charge i didn't make
How do I get a spare card?
could you roll over my 401k for me
how do i update my pin number for my account
keep me updated on the election results
please open my fm radio and play nine hundred and eighty seven
How do i transfer something faster than normal?
Hello, can you please inform me about international transfers? I am expecting a transfer I made from France two days ago and would like to know when it will arrive.
i am need my hat today
What will I need to configure if my salary is in GBP?
Can I add money to my account with cash?
add rebecca green to my list of favorite contacts
is it possible to lower my credit score by doing this
put this on my facebook
i wanna buy a pair of shoes online now
please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
Please tell me if theres going to be snow this weekend
What should I do if I think someone stole my details and used my information to make some transactions?
please block my discover account immediately
can you rephrase me on last sentence again.
I want to get a refund.
Is there a fee to get an actual card?
A new list to be created by 12noon tomorrow.
Check whether I have set any alarms for tomorrow morning
Please find a email from my friend, Tiffany
Buy a train ticket to Cleveland for April 14th
you got the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal
What day is the 20th this month?
is it safe for people to travel to pakistan
Your exchange rate is totally wrong for my card payment
what is the exchange rate between money i'm the united states and switzerland
excellent job, you have done well.
add this song to my cleaning playlist
is this a song that i dont know
Physical education drill Marilyn
open events this week
clean the flat
I have gone through my statements and noticed there is a large payment that I did not make. Can i still dispute the payment? its been a while
how much gas does it take to get to jackson
do you have any recommendations for korean
send email 'thank you very much' to sarah as a reply
would you please schedule a meeting room for 4:00 on thursday
Inform my group that the new meeting date is tomorrow.
what kind of traffic can i expect driving to newark, new jersey on i-95 from philadelphia at noon
Which countries are you in?
if i lost my luggage, where can i get help
What is Derek's phone number
what does two plus two equal
what's the date of the next closest holiday
switch off the power
how much are my taxes for my income
Where did my money go? I'm not able to withdraw it from my ATM.
what are today's highlights from <unk>
what is the track title of the song playing
can i hear the joke about the old woman again
Which is the best smartphone in 2017
I need to use a European card for a top up, what will the charge be?
set my coffee machine
What is the name of the artist that created this song?
do you have a date for the last time the car was in the shop
i needed something else.
walk me through the process of scheduling a meeting
I entered a wrong PIN too many times. How can I fix this?
when is my flight scheduled to board
i need 2000 to go to my chase checking from my mellon bank savings account
tell me when my next paycheck will be here
Nighttime mode
can you help me pay my electricity bill
do you know recipe for making apple pie
erase calendar events
continue playing my book of vitamins
you could tell me if you were real
remove item three from the list
that is all, stop it.
can you find the dave ramsey podcast that aired earlier today
Someone took my card without my permission.
Resume Harry Potter from the place I have stopped listening to last time.
Delete recent list now.
I've tried many times to make a payment, but it's not going through.  What's wrong?
can I link a card of yours I already have?
My payment has been declined several times.  Can you help me?
what is your age again
describe the computer to me
turn the lights off in the bedroom
please give me a quick tutorial on jump starting my car
send an email to george brown
i need hot dogs added to my shopping list please
have i gotten confirmation for my credit card app
oops, i think this was not the right response.
what is the exact time right now in the hawaii time zone
if i visit cairo will i need a plug converter
Echo, remove Finlee's bedtime alarm
where do I go to top up with cash?
please start my podcast
Play the podcast on The Double Down
show me the transactions made on my business card for supplies last quarter
give a 6 sided dice a roll for me
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank?
is india win today cricket match.
order a disney gift card in the amount of five hundred dollars from costco
list the items on my shopping list olly
Can you tell me how to top up on my card?
fantastic response to command.
i saw a bulldog today
resume harry potter book 5
What if I need my salary in a different currency?
please change back to initial device settings
on turn tv
yes you got that exactly.
anything is ok for me.
I deposited cash into my account and I'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
tell me what you just said once again please.
Is it going to snow today?
how can i get a new credit card
How do I make peanut butter cookies?
make a transfer between accounts
The ATM shows a withdraw of the amount of money I requested but I didn't revieve that amount in cash.
put monday meeting on calandar ever monday
Got only $20 when I tried to withdraw $100.
I added funds to my account but the app didn't process it.
what's a good restaurant nearby
what is the status on my takeout
do you know where my luggage is
reply to the mail with the following content hello you
The date my card expires is coming up
After depositing a cheque my balance did not change.
What are the disposable virtual card limits?
has my day off request been looked at yet
I think someone may be using my card.
tweet a complaint to apple about my iphone seven
What did my wife leave to be done?
play me the new podcast from npr
I would like to listen to some Down Tempo
what is the customer service feedback
delete the monthly recurring team meeting till june
What are my remedies if I think I was charged twice for the same expense?
PDA, delete my Dr. K appointment in March.
where's home for you
PDA pull up all emails from my friend Cat Vonstaragrabber
you are helpful, thank you so much.
set alarm for saturday
open map and pin point my location
what's my routing number from chase
Why is top up not working for my apple pay app
multiply 7 and 42
Help me verify the card used on a top-up.
does laos require a travel visa
please play the next track
who is your superior, please
thanks, that's amazing.
When will money be available in my account?
google maps
what meetings are available in march
I cannot remember my passcode, is there a way to retrieve it?
change the light colors
What do I have scheduled on July 7th?
Please read my facebook feed.
purchase a flight from fiji to san diego on november 1 that returns on december 1, please
I need a fast transfer from China?  How fast will it be?
i missed what you said, can you say it again
i'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please
qwetqwtewqtw
make coffee
When is my next event?
Turn off light in bedroom
What countries are you located in?
you did good work, thank you very much.
Help! I just realised someone has apparently withdrawn money using my card! It's from some odd remote town where I definitely haven't been. Please freeze it immediately!
I know I didn't make this payment showing up on my card, I don't remember this person at all.
when were you created
Why does my statement show various transaction times?
does that restaurant allow take out orders
well done, musch appreciated.
lower the lighting
what is in my favorites music folder
How long does a transfer from the United Kingdom take? I haven't seen it show up yet in my bank account and want to make sure I get the transfer.
olly cancel yoga alarms
dammit, you've done it wrong.
make coffee at six am
Please tell me what this direct debit in my statement is
is there a time i can put in a pto request for dec 2 to new years
taxi uber
book me a train ticket
roll a seven sided dice for me
I punched in the wrong pin too many times and I'm locked out.
I moved, can I edit my personal details?
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
Give me the news
can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at ten am time
Is there a reason why my card was declined when I attempted to withdraw money?
how much air do i have in my tires
What ATMs can I use this card at?
tell me all the takeaways nearby and i want to order food
please give me the time
amazing.
I tried making an update to my balance using cheque just yesterday but it doesn't appear to have worked. Should this not be a faster process? I need you to please check over my account because something has went wrong.
4PM
I have a new card. How do I activate it?
tell me everything on my calendar for may 1
please get connected to my phone
your response is incorrect.
I went to withdraw some cash earlier today, but seems the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash! The amount showing up in the app is a lot more
dim the garden light by half
events upcoming
compare prices of dairy items in local shops
could you please tell me the meaning for the item laptop
start pandora
Give me Moscow time
have there been updates on abortion law
what are the best recipes for <unk>
Is there a charge or discount if I use a European bank in a top up?
wd
what should i get to make the jamaican patties
I bought an item and the exchange rate was wrong.
play what live
I received a fee I should not have.
When will my money be in my account?
Please do not speak.
please will you do it again.
i'd like for you to make sure my reservation is there for charlie's under jack
do not talk so loudly
take out available louies
do you know how much i have in checking
show me train tickets
turn off garage light
this doesn't really matter to me.
how far is the distance to rccg ikoyi lagos from here by train
My card has not arrived yet.
I don't want to use this method to identify myself.
Where can I find the nearest Irish pub in my area?
volume up
please add someday by the strokes to my playlist
i was at albertsons trying to buy milk when my card wasn't accepted
How is the current weather in Washington DC.
When should I expect to see my transfer hit my account?
What's the latest on the travel ban?
when visiting chicago, what things can i do there
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to the doctor on Friday, April 14th at 123 Water Street, New York, NY, 11289.
Why does Tom Izzo look like a whiny bitch when his team plays?
please speak to me quicker from now on
how long do tires last for
explain the interbank exchange rate
How come I can see an extra charge for my transfer?
what does a beech tree look like
what's my limit on my visa card
Play a game with me
got married and need to change name
disable music player
change the lights to dim
Tell me the date when this song was recorded?
i've got some chips from monday, will they still be ok to eat
I want to listen to soft rock.
What information do I need to see my source of money?
play for me jazz music
Why isn't the transferred money there?
how good are the ratings for olive garden
Where can I order my virtual card?
that is enough, cancel it.
when do you think i should change my oil
i have how many points on my amex right now
i want an update on my application for a credit card that i sent in a couple weeks ago
show albums of rihana
How do I find the PIN?
for the shopping list, order everything
Do I have anything planned for January 19th at 2 pm?
Order a smoked meat platter from Beanos
i like you stop it.
does buffalo wild wings do reservations
please add oranges to my grocery list
did my mom send me an email
i need my routing number for my checking account at bb&t bank
show me the picture of the singer
please submit status to facebook
i don't need grocery shopping on my todo list anymore
What day is the meeting on?
PDA please look up best recipes
has my delivery order arrived yet
What cards do you support
I double checked that I have the correct account details , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. What should be done now?
what's the latest on the travel ban
it has a meaning of rhythm
add event baseball practice five pm tonight
Has any personal emails come in yet?
do i have calendar events on march 19th
can you just cancel please.
Set a meeting for tomorrow
what is the process to get some more checkbooks mailed to me
can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at ten am time
where could i locate a w2 form from
The other bank confirmed a transfer I made, but this account is not reflecting it yet.
can you please shut up.
Scheduled events. more info
turn off bedroom lights in ten seconds
what is the necessary amount of time required to prepare pot roast
whats two hundred divided by five
How do I obtain a disposable virtual card?
find out the status of my most recent online purchase
Why is it important to verify a top-up card?
forward this one
what number of vacation days remain for me
How does it work when I transfer money into my account?
why people like movies
What do they have going on at young circle this week?
Refresh my email.
Which fiat currencies are compatible for exchange and holding?
no thanks
How do I make contactless work
take milk off my grocery list
what is the exchange rate between usd and the euro
has mary posted anything to facebook today
How do I delete my account? I am dissatisfied with the service.
divide 76 in two parts
turn on kitchen light
please add an item in my calendar
tell carl that he sucks
There is a top up that has been pending for an hour and I don't know why.  I was expecting it immediately and need it now!
I've use my accounts all the time to manage my payments for my place abroad that I just got. I now see that I suddenly have new fees.I'm a frequent customer, so why are you charging me new fees instead of rewarding me?
What is the cause that the transfer shows as pending?
maybe one, maybe the other
Are there topping up fees if I have to transfer?
I was only given $20 when I tried to get $100
please remove this alarm
why wouldn't you support american express? its a card i like and use often and i don't want to get a different one
increase lighting
tell me how to get my 401k rolled over
i need to delete tomatoes from my shopping list and add onions instead
can i get an uber to drive me to the movies
open inbox
Can you please explain the topping up transfer process?
I am waiting on the refund
can you tell me how to figure out my current location
what is twenty four times twenty four
what do i have to do today
Someone needs to make me aware when there are extra charges for payments. I happened to be looking at the app earlier and noticed a charge associated to a payment that was extra that no one made me aware of before at all.
switch on radio mango
talk to me by calling me this name from now on
i need to know what 75 plus 43 is
Set a reminder for gymnastics every Wednesday at 3.
Remove all the events and schedules.
Give me the details on purchase order
that's enough, just stop it.
no idea
what is the age of britney spears
How can I transfer money between accounts?
I forgot the code I need to get into the app.
that is incorrect
what tune is this
i'd like to pencil in a meeting with seth at 11am
change the alarm weekly settings
what traffic is there on the route to the pittsburgh airport
Visa or Mastercard?
Is it really necessary to verify my Identity?
add to my list of things to do: wash the dog
My card was confiscated by an ATM. How do I get my card back?
Read information about calendar event on March 19th at 2PM
start my playlist on I Heart Radio
do you know any good jokes about lawyers
Can I receive money in a different countries money?
will i be charged for using my card in japan
The top-up did not go through.
what's my current credit score
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep
Search my emails with subject including work hours
please will you check that.
what's the latest news from xinhua
resume audio book history of rome
initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
please give me the time
How long does it actually take my card payment to make it to the account? I've made a payment a couple of days ago but it hasn't moved since.
tune into the nearest english fm station
request a taxi from udrive service
please send email to pawel with reminder
I haven't received the cash from the check I deposited.
make a room darker
How much is $100 American worth in yen?
Play random music
show me share price of facebook
do you know what day it is
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards I can have?
I don't like that I have to fill out so much information about my identity.
when can you send me a replacement card
Why is my refund not showing up on the statement?
do you have any idea if the flying wing does reservations
can you check to see if i have any recent email alerts
exchange euro to dollar
How much would I be charged for a transfer?
does it cost to exchange currencies?
Is it normal to have to verify my top-up or is something wrong?
i need to catch an uber to cal expo
pay my cable bill from my facebook account
i would like to know what type of things you can help me with
I got charged two times for a transaction
I see a charge for a direct debit that was not me.
how much can i bleed before i die
Can you tell me why my transfer is pending still?
Dim the overhead lights a tad.
Explain how to verify my identity?
please check detail.
please can you say the last comment one more time.
can you please tell me the interest rate for cash advances on my visa
i need you to add gary's email to my favorites
thanks but i think it was not the correct command.
What is wrong with my top-up?
If I want a friend to top off my account, can they?
Could you please tell me why my card payment didn't work?
Add bread to my grocery list
Good morning
it could be either, i think
How tall is Frank Goggins?
i need to know what the most recent update is on the status of my online purchase
I need an email to be sent to sdfa@fasd.com
Why is there a direct debit I didn't make showing in the app?
Olly, let me know if I get a message about the party from Jane
Are you okay with exchanges to EUR?
What is today's weather?
it would be great if PDA can give you law consultations
Can I top up my account with Google Pay?
add dan@dancom to my contacts
please would you just cancel it.
How much yens is a dollar worth?
please remind me my doctor appointment on 13th July?
more bright
allow my son to see my gps coordinates
what is the time difference between eastern time and pacific time
Why doesn't the card payment work
flag me an uber for ten pm tonight
I am 16 and just started working at McDonalds can I deposit my checks at your bank?
title of song
are mashed potatoes good nutrition
please play 13
Cancel my 8AM alarm
give me a joke about water
give me a summary of today's meetings
what is five over three
describe the meaning of "dog
healthy foods
what song is playing
i would like a block put on my chase account asap
I have not received my card and it's been a week, what do I do?
Why has my payment not gone through?
i wanna apply for a bank of america travel rewards credit card
that was good one, appreciated.
what is current time?
how long will it take for me to get a new credit card to replace the one that was stolen
still need to get card pin
plan a meeting in office with all employees tomorrow morning at eight
in Calendar add this event with these people
what's an interesting fact about flamingos
How do I get my card active?
how to report bent credit card
list the shops near me
where can i find a w2 form
find me a bar in cleveland open until two am
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
start 80s playlist from track one
when i am in spain using my cmaden card, is there any transaction fee
i tried to withdraw money but was told i didn't have funds
what is the weather like outside
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
i have misplaced my phone
i need you to book me a flight from ft lauderdale to houston on southwest
Why is my transfer stuck on pending?
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph
olly can you please shut down.
The money has not yet been placed in recipients account.
is there anything new on reddit
is it a soft evening tonight
why cant you just refund me instead of a merchant
What does top-up verification do?
do you know when you were born
increase light intensity
create for me a pto request for march 16-21
hey, anyone seen my w-2
read me a definition for qat
add welcome to the jungle to my workout mix
help me change my oil
i would like to hear the last one you said again.
find me the cheapest train ticket to spain
hey olly tell me a joke
There was an error in exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
Who many teaspoons are in a cup?
Siri, cancel all soccer practice alarms
What do I need to do to receive my payroll in the account?
famous person biographies
What movies is out there in the local cinema?
so it seems i have had pizza in the fridge since monday, so is it safe to eat
olly will you stop.
do you know the nutrition facts for grapes
start a match of chess
How many people live in San Francisco?
set the alarm for five am
would you shut off please.
how much yens per u. s. d. today
set alarm for 6 am everyday
Is there a list of ATM machines?
will i need immunization for a trip to turkey
what do you mean by it.
tell me if there are any events from three to five
tell me all the things i need to buy to make pasta
do i need to wear a coat today
would you check my last command.
what day is easter
Will be Apple Watch be able to let me top up?
Hello Alexa, wish Monika happy birthday on her timeline.
ABHI KITNA TIME HO RAHA HAI?
From what countries can I use this product?
hey, I think someone stole my card numbers. There is a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me.. I really need that money back to pay my rent.
I want a train ticket from Los Angeles to Phoenix
audio up
What happens when a beneficiary can't receive my transfer?
I would like a card please.
play my midnight love playlist
current emails
your new name is joe, okay
what's 3 plus 3
restore my factory settings immediately please
Why is the exchange rate so high? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
Day on 22nd April
great response to command.
place cleaning the backyard on my list of things to do
that's great.
No lights
i need to share my location with noel
i need you to translate the sentence, 'we will be there soon' into portuguese
I already have a card and want to link it
What should I do if I think there are unauthorized transactions?
yes you have gotten it exactly.
I was checking my account when I saw a $500 cash withdraw that I know I didn't do.  I have my card so I don't understand how this happened.  Please help me.
remind me of meeting five minutes before time
from where are coming your exchange rates?
What pubs are near the Metro station?
do i have a doctors appointment today
what manufactures you
are you real or automated
when is the party scheduled
Can I link an existing card?
tell me what a workhouse is
I think my card has been used by somebody else since I was never in the little town where some transactions on this bill have come from. Please stop this right away.
I have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
please give me the nutritional information for an egg
get me resume of best seller audio book this month
what does my gas meter say
what are listed
what do i earn on average at my job
i want to report a broken card
i appreciate the assistance
your factory settings need to be reset
hiya
lock all the doors
flip a coin for me i call tails
Can you change my currency to EUR?
switch off the light on the left
remind me to use the bathroom
send an email to rohit saying i am busy tomorrow
when did my oil last get changed
please add this song to work out playlist
Why is my payment declined? It looked like everything worked ok and my account was fine.
it was not the correct response.
My card was charged more than expected.
I have forgotten my password.
Please play artist first in queue
are there travel notifications for columbia
true
i think that was not the right answer.
tell contact mobile number
set a 5 am alarm please
let me know how many pounds are in 10 kilos
i like jazz
fantastic response to command.
Remind me an hour before my next work meeting.
Do you offer multiple cards for the same account?
Why have i been charged a fee for using my card?
today's jokes
What is the payment in my account that I did not do?
I purchased something about one to two weeks ago but for some reason the payment was returned to my account today even though I've already received one of the items. Can you tell me what's going on?
how is everything with you
i appreciate the answer.
can you please order me more plastic bags
How can my friend send me money?
Can I get a physical card for free, or is there a charge?
i need to replace my lost card
i need to replace my credit card because i ran it over with the lawn mower
I deposited a check yesterday and im not seeing it posted yet in my account. why is that? can you look into it?
where's my w-2 tax form
please add sugar to my grocery list
i do not get the last sentence.
What's the weather like in Toronto?
stock up or down for walgreens
Fill my calender with a meeting with Garvin and Trilly for December 5th  at 5:30 p.m.
entertainment news
tell me how i should cash in my rewards for my citibank card
Will it rain Saturday?
the meaning of life
Why do you need all these details about my identity?
Play the song @
Where is my PIN?
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
what day am i off next
I want to change the wrong exchange rate.
I haven't received the PIN yet.
I would like to cancel my order.
set an alarm for seven thirty a.m.
how is the exchange rate for microsoft
please say what you've just said once again.
Why was I charged a higher exchange rate when I bought something abroad?
Where is the money that I transferred.
Transfer could not be completed due to being declined.
Is there a minimum age for having an account?
when the meeting start
please would you repeat.
Will I be charged for topping up by transfer?
adjust the light
check mom's number
can you please shut off.
really don't mind.
I have been trying to make transfers to another account but I keep getting a declined notice. I have checked all of my information more than once and my information is accurate.
let's play nine ball against me adapt with my skill level always let me win
add a movie name to the wish list
Uh, what does the current date happen to be, PDA?
how strong is the dollar compared to the peso
s1, would you further elaborate to me please.
I need to set up a recurring event in my calendar please
My exchange rate is wrong when I get cash.
My card has been compromised. I see a bunch of online shopping charges that I didn't make. I need to freeze it immediately.
olly skip two songs
show weather info
can you just cancel it.
PDa, what does 1 USD equal in AUS
when should i change the tires
what should i do for fun in tokyo
Set a reminder to pick up food this Friday.
get that perfectly.
i want a block placed on my college fund account immediately
name the person or group that programmed you
How do I open up an account for my child?
Open my calendar
I'm not verifying my identity.
mute for volume
My disposable virtual card is broken.
check for why is my bank account frozen
can you rephrase me further on your words please.
I want to start a new list of power tools on sale at True Value.
About this card PIN?
please tell me that one more again.
play the last next episode
when do i need to pay my annual payment for auto insurance
What do I do if I can't access the app?
uhh no, thanks.
Can I start an account for my kids?
what is the expiration month of my card
I can't get my card out of the ATM
How do I get my cash withdrawal to show?
turn the lights down
what's a nice place to visit a beautiful beach
you work for what company or person exactly
i need you to add this email in my contacts
Someone may have made an error in figuring out the rate of exchange.  I should have received more cash than I did on my most recent withdrawal.
is there any salon in babaji nagar
where should i look for my w-2
set volume to zero
how long should i expect to wait at the cheesecake factory before getting seated
Can you explain why I was charged extra when I used the card?
start the robot vacuum cleaner
where's the closest zoo to where i'm at
The ATM wouldn't let me withdraw cash.
turn on my alarm
tell me my car's tire pressure
find me a joke related to baseball
i need to lock my account right now!
can i use butter instead of margarine
alexa should i wear sunscreen today?
do we know if my reservation for john at bardenay was accepted
what is showing on my calendar for the 17th of march
how many inches and centimeters would i need if i had 10 feet of something
that's useful, thanks, olly.
Needed gas, been delayed for half an hour.Please fix it!
let's try the instruction said one more time again please.
tell me the nutrional info of a regular banana
PDA: Did anyone send me any new emails in the last hour?
what time will my alarm wake me up
i want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
i need to make a list of bills that are due
can you change your language to japanese
Facebook
ai can you help me find my phone
can you schedule a meeting with john for 12
How many cups of sugar in Texas Sheet Cake frosting?
When was Madonna born
what is the traffic like right now
tell me what the formal defination is of .......
play the bob and tom show
I can't seem to figure out why my transfers are getting declined.
i need to know how healthy meatloaf is
What is the normal time to make an international transfer? I made one a few days ago that still hasn't arrived.
delete mike stein from contacts list
Why am I being charged when I withdraw cash?
I'm expecting to see a cash withdrawal but I'm still waiting.
Send a Tweet
i need a table for 3 at olive garden for 7
find an uber on twenty ninth
send me an uber now for four people and we are going to appleby's downtown
remind me to write that letter
view all unread emails from Stacy Cadwell
how do i sign up for a new credit card
are there any new emails from NAME
if i’m in japan, what time zone am i in
I'm going to travel, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
please see if the restaurant chili's has delivery as an option
that's helpful,.
Why has my card payment been cancelled?
please turn on radio on seven am
Put pencil on a new grocery list
what is mary s.'s birthday
would you check and confirm detail please.
Do I need to do something to get a new card once it expires?
display volume strength on current track
please set the lights off in the living room
Please play the last 2 episodes of The Gilmore Guys.
i love to rock out with my sock out
do you have a name i should call you by
Why did my top up get reverted?
please will you shut up.
Olly, I feel like dancing, play me some rock n roll.
time taken from home to doctors office
Save email id
When will I get a virtual card? I haven't gotten one yet
What should I do if my passcode won't work?
I was attempting to top up with my card but the money has vanished!
please proceed to the next available rock song
Olly there's a good band playing tonight at 9 at jazzbar. I want to go
stop this song and go to the next one
can you tell me the contact information of jo
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
could you try again please.
cancel alarm for tomorrow
i am sleepy
play songs by the beatles
i was at home depot trying to buy plants and my card got declined
is there a way to increase the limit on my visa card
where does joe joe live
Look for train tickets to <city> tomorrow
How many kilometers did I walk today?
anything will be okay with me.
tell comcast their customer service is slow
I want more details about the annual tea party.
are there any alarms set right now
what time is it on the east coast of the united states
When I travel, what will it cost to switch for my currency?
PDA, have I gotten any new emails from ****?
send reply to joe
Why is the exchange rate different on my recent purchase?
Show me all my commands.
complain to amazon customer service for me
Is it sunny?
People canceling Iowa vacations over congressman's words
would you like to play a game
which do you prefer, cats or dogs
please turn the lights down
Define capricious.
A false direct debit payment is showing in my app
When using a US card, what is the cost for a top up/off?
yup, that's true
I'd like to have another card
The refund isn't showing up on my account.
how many culver's take reservations
did bert write me today
Please start FM 89.0 radio channel.
any sport event is on my list
Find an Uber that can get me to the airport now.
when is my cell phone due
what's the danger level of flying to russia right now
i need to turn the lights down
What other currencies can I hang onto?
what does the traffic look like headed to la
i would like to order additional checkbooks to me mailed to my home address
buy me today train ticket to city leeds
change your colors to something different
Remove my calendar event at 1:00 PM today.
This company sucks! Can you delete my account?
Has (sender) got in touch ?
Where do I find a virtual card?
what is the traffic like on the road to downtown dallas
couldn't understand what you just said now.
get command perfectly.
Did you start charging for cash withdrawals? I thought it was free so far but noticed suddendly there is a fee. How much do I need to pay?
I didn't cancel my top-up.
can you turn my bathroom lights off
Cortana, play a song by Paramore.
Lights off in the living room.
What can I expect at card expiration?
How to cook Crabmeat?
What is traffic?
Add eggs to my grocery's├ö├ç├» shopping list
do you know how long of a wait it will be
remove alarm of seven thirty am on monday
Can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
do they take reservations at carrabbas
I see a strange payment in my account.
raise lights to full power
I requested a refund from a merchant days ago but I do not see it in my account.
do not really care.
Where do I change my PIN?
when do i need to change my oil next
Is there a reason why my virtual card won't work?
what mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout
Encourage the students
Open tweet to Apple that my iPhone's battery is always drained.
which alarms do i have
What  is the verification process for a top up card?
replay what i've just said please.
turn on metallicas greatest hits
What are the rules to where I can use my card?
what is the customer service feedback
what did i spend my money on last week
please turn off all the lights in the house
is traffic heavy
the song makes me remember certain memories
go back to the default settings please
Where should I withdraw money from?
list check
whatever would be ok to me.
yes great response to the command.
how to get new card after atm eats it
this does not matter to me, olly.
I was doing a transfer and received a "decline" message.
Someone has stolen my phone, what should I do?
what kind of traffic is on hwy 1 going to the downtown area right now
i think you have done it all wrong.
If my card is trapped in the ATM, what do I do?
has my credit card application been approved
no, thanks.
I'd like to cancel a transfer
when's the next time i get paid
make me smile by telling a joke
share the nutrition info for cake with me
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
please confirm my reservation for may 9th at 4pm
is my card's apr a decent rate
Help me order a new card that's going to be expired soon.
My transaction to pay for an item was returned to my account.
how tasty is the pizza here
i do not know
give me today's calendar events after six pm
what song do i listen to the most
add an alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
thanks for reminding me of it, olly.
did i get my day off
siri, where is my iphone
Remind me to start the crock pot at 2:00 PM
i need to be notified to clean the room
please make coffee at seven am
There is an unauthorized payment in my statement.
Alexa what are todays country hits
make this a bit louder
my card was declined at mcdonald's and i want to know why
Olly what ingrediants do I need to make Lobster Bisque
lower the light intensity
what times are my alarms set for
Put on Radio mango
Tune into my selected station
alter the color of the lights at home
when will my chinese food be delivered
What steps do I need to take to close my account?
actually forget that i don't need it
What currencies and cards do you support?
remove my to do list
how many virtual cards can i have, i want 8
i wouldn't really mind.
i need my account frozen!
i wanna change your name to audrey
I cannot use my disposable virtual card.
speak softer please
start a pot of coffee please
can i ask you all different types of questions
Olly, do you have any local news?
what kind of gas is needed for this car
correcly.
i gotta jump start my car
The person I sent money to hasn't gotten it yet!
make coffee at six am
record the opinion of each individual about this song
what is the stock price of amazon
I am in the mood for metal.
Does Google Pay offer a top up option?
when should i replace my tires next if i last replaced them on july 15th
what's the balance on my sprint account
Play my favorite song by London Grammar.
is there bad traffic on the highway right now
anything would be okay with me.
can you reserve a train ticket for this day
Where is it?
play 'party songs'
aaa insurance start new plan
will you check to see if i am still reserved for 6:30 pm at gusto handcrafted pasta & pizza
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
How can I prove the source of my funds?
could you check instruction.
how many vacation days have i saved up
what's the latest joke
I want a refund for an item
When I made a cash transfer abroad the wrong exchange rate was applied
olly can you please shut off.
i want you to confirm my last instruction please.
yeah that's confirmed.
olly can you please shut off.
do i have any meetings today between 8 and 9
Show me all the emails I've gotten today.
Should i wear my sunscreen
start next podcast episode.
How long does it take for a card to arrive?
book me a single train ticket travelling to new york city leaving after nine am
What is the current exchange rate for Yen to Euros?
How do I verify the source of my funds?
what is the time that it will take to arrive at detroit
My account balance has not updated to reflect my recent transfer.
uhh no, i think incorrect answer.
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
when was einstein's birthday
Events in my March Calender has to be listed.
how much pressure are currently in my tires
a lot a feasible time
latest updates on syrian civil war
who is responsible for your employment
find my credit score and tell it to me
how tiny a payment can i make on electric bill
PDA: Please let me know when there is an update to the plane crash story
Why was I declined from getting cash?
tell me once more
Please list the senders of received emails from the last three days.
what time will i arrive in austin tx
could you please help me in listening to the radio
I didn't receive the right amount of cash back
What can I do in Berlin?
add a item
remember to put carrots in there
i need to make sure there is a reservation for george at connor oneil's
Can I hold money in other currencies?
Olly has Robert emailed me yet?
Do I have anything outstanding on any lists?
Please add smith.joe@email.com to the contact information for Joe Smith.
what is on my alarm schedule
I am unhappy with an item I bought. How do I get a refund?
Are there any fees if I want to add money using an international card?
can you find the reason for the block on my account
What's going on
Which stock markets have lowered in the past 3 hours?
i am sorry but you have messed up with my request.
please show me the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
play me news radio channel
how much will i have to pay in federal taxes
I would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from Subway.
go to the podcast and play the next episode in friends
Explain what a contact lense is.
let me know how much gas i have in total
i need to know what the traffic typically like at 3:30 on the route to phoenix
Add note that my day is going well.
suggest a good genre movie that came out recently
my new work schedule list
There is more than one charge on my account for a transaction.
what's the latest i can pay my cellular bill
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE STOCK PRICE OF DEW IN NY MARKET
What day is payday?
start robo vac
current price of coca cola stock
Can I get a Visa instead of a MasterCard?
Echo what street does Sarah live on, check my phone book.
do we have 31st day on this month?
When will team meeting start
why did i get rejected on my card
Why does my money come from?
i need to hear a joke can you tell me one
Do you offer account's for minors?
write SMS to our friends
Think someone has took money out with my card. What shall I do?
Get me Tom's number
The cash I asked for still hasn't been received
no speaking please
route to melbourne
what did you just ask
Is there a fee for topping off a US card?
please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing
HOW DO I TRANSFER MONEY FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT?
HOW LONG THE CARD VALIDITY
don't get this.
My card payment still pending
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
can you tell me how i would say, 'more bread please' in french
thank you so much for the answer, olly.
what else is on the list
please check it.
Why can't the recepient of my money transaction see it?
i'm finished with my to do list
start whisper mode
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
who is the person that brought you to life
switch to your whispering voice please
Tell me some braking news in new york
Please replay that song I just listened to.
please tell about the alarms
fun facts about tigers
What day of the week is Thanksgiving?
PDA What's Jesse's number?
I  see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did It charge me extra?
Why was I charged twice for the same transaction?
What does one have to damage in cream to make butter?
A transaction is repeated several times on my account.
send a notification to my bank of my travel dates from february 19th to 26th to peru
My payment has an incorrect exchange rate.
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
what landing time is scheduled for my flight
I just moved to the US how do I get a card?
can you speed up your speech please
check for recent news stories on msnbc
Will my friend be able to top off my account?
I contacted the seller and he won't respond.  Please just refund me my  money.
I swear that there are 2 payments on the app that I didn't make.  Could my card me stolen?  Please advise what I should do.
What is the exchange rate of US dollar today for rupee
lower lights down
how did you save my name
what is the title and artist of this song
i need to set an alarm how many do i have set
Where is the top-up verification code?
i would like all the lights on when i enter
I need to know what charges I will incur for using a European card for top up.
can you report my lost discover card
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with american airlines to seattle
Why is there an identity check?
call domino's pizza
how many songs did michael jackson write
What kinds of cards can I use to top up?
what is the sum/total/square root/etc of ____ (and___)
play the next song queued up
how do i slow down my ai's voice
is the packaged delivered already
please set the alarm for seven
Where is my money? I transfered it and it isn't in my account.
i want to hear tum hi ho next
i'd like to make a vacation request
turn it up
hey email jan about our meeting
what is the answer to the meaning of life
olly could you just cancel please.
this is unimportant for me, olly.
wouldn't know.
i need a pto request for the dates jan 15th to jan 20th
I forgot my passcode. Now what?
Book a cab for new york
What countries are you available in?
the joke of the day
What kind of implement is a broiler and how do I use it?
Do you have the mailing address for the electric company?
yes fantastic.
please identify the name of the creator of this ai
When my card expires do you send a new card?
Top up not available in my wallet.
that was not what i was looking for try it again.
when's the next phone bill
Is there a pay structure for currency exchanges?
will you please put something something@gmail dot com in my contacts
Why is there a payment showing twice?
could you please once again elaborate to me.
Where is my PIN number located?
order me some chipotle
Where can I get my currencies exchanged?
turn living room lights red
I don't understand why I was charged an additional fee for this service. Can you clarify?
compose a new email but i got a new address this time brandon at example dot com
would you say once more please.
Start the robot vacuum cleaner.
what do you know about mary
will you please shut down.
how many likes i have got on my eggless cake post on youtube
please talk faster
delete all details in event
the current news
latest news on cars
Can you tell me why I was charged to withdraw cash?
go back
turn off my first alarm
remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
Olly I want to listen to Believer.
how much will I be charged for making a transfer?
Is it raining in Toronto?
how healthy is blueberrys
I think that someone may be using my card, but I'm not sure,.
Who covered the song One more cup of coffee?
What happens after my card expires?
when i want it to take down notes
When will I see my new balance after making my bank transfer?
Change the light in the bathroom to yellow
how can i get my w2 to do my taxes
I believe my card payment exchange rate is incorrect.
And do you have virtual cards instead of physical ones?
I used my card top-up but all of the money is missing.
please will you just stop it.
please order take from jason's deli
Is there a way I can check on the card on route to me?
The ATM isn't giving out any money.
further explain.
i do not have cookies so will you order me some more
Checkout today alarm of meeting.
yes you've understood that right.
I can't top up my account using my American Express with Apple Pay.
how much is the pay offered for my work
Can you help me activate my card
s2, i was not clear about it.
is electricity the same in france
A debit came through that I need to dispute.
why hasn't my cash arrived yet from my cheque?!
two thumbs down @companyname
please check and confirm command.
Next month my card will expire, do I need to order a new one?
can you show me list of my appointment
whats the traffic density in
how do i increase the limit on my visa card
book an uber to los angeles cinemas in one hour
Please double check my card - withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning on the way to work it suddenly got declined!
I'm going to cancel a purchase.
My statement has a dollar I have been charged showing up on it.
shut off the lights in the kitchen
play my favorite song
I would like to listen to this programme on radio
what are the big news stories on twitter
can you tell me my health plan
My card couldn't complete a transfer, why?
What would II do if I wanted to activate my new card
i need to know all about the nutrition of the beef taco
Do you know any joke?
last incident of my car in the shop
Is there a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
what goes in broccoli cheddar soup
my credit score stinks but i don't know how to improve it
that's useful,, olly.
what's the amount due on my latest sprint bill
make a reminder, pay taxes on monday
Can i get a single use virtual card
I do not remember purchasing anything for 1£, and it is on my statement. Can you please tell me what that is about?
tweet a complaint to comcast
Can you pull up the Dave Ramsey podcast that aired on Monday.
PDA,Shuffle the songs in the music library.
What do I do if my PIN was blocked?
add email to existing contact
Play the program where I left off yesterday.
can you play a game with me
i want my 401k rolled over to a new workplace
How long does a payment show as pending before i should worry about it?
i wouldn't really care.
How come my top-up didn't go through instantly, like it usually does?
change alarm to start at
yeah wonderful response to command.
play this game with me
any new interests from linda
how do i book a vacation
can you tell me the mpg of this car
what subjects do you know about
I want to add money to my card, what payments do you accept?
Tell me the exchange rate for the yin
Tell me a joke about chickens.
how do you usually refer to me
Tell me if there are any top-up limits?
what is the average wait time at the cheese cake factory
I need to know the if there is a limit on the amount for auto top-up.
does going to taiwan require me to get an international visa
is there a sports bar near kansas city plaza area
what is the expiration date of the milk
you did your understanding right.
How do I accept exchanges to EU?
A.R. Rahman
do i have anything scheduled for thursday the 14th
how to improve my credit score
Please delete the duplicate payment that was made to my account. One payment is still pending and I do not want to pay twice.
i don't know how to spell apoplectic, can you tell me
How do I top up on my card?
i wouldn't mind to choose any one.
What currencies can I hold?
i need a car rental this week
How can I close my account, I don't want it.
what name should i call you
would you be able to help me with a meeting room on wednesday at 3pm
Convert New York Time to London
what is the status of my refund
Tell me what's happening next Thursday.
Whay is the geographic area of Sudan
Can you please explain why the exchange rate for the item I bought is wrong?
Why can't I top up with a cheque?
I want to block my card or deactivate it or something, it's been stolen and I don't want it misused. I want this handled right away.
Can you tell me how long it would take, to make a transfer from France? I made one 2 days ago and its not there yet.
I need to order a new card as my old one will expire soon. Can you tell me how to order a new one?
add mop bathroom to my to do list
you have done a wrong thing.
pls reducw the sound
what type of plug do i need to bring if i visit japan
Play Blackeyed pees song
please play trivial pursuit with me
phone steven
how much cash do i earn
olly could you please shut off.
can you look up and add john's old email to my contacts again
PDA, where do cows come from?
Whats the limit on my top up
i have no idea for which to choose.
how fast can i get to target in trenton
you did wonderful job, i appreciate it.
would not bother, olly.
i want to hear my hip hop playlist
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
change the lighting to blue
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for seven am please
Tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today.
my favorite music is rock from the early two thousands
i must say goodbye
turn off audio
How to decide if I get a Visa or Mastercard?
is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
add running to my calendar for thursday
Please see what you wrote for this question.
Play for me the channel Star sports
Someone is using my card to purchase flights to New York it's not me because I'm not going to New York, please can you cancel the card and refund the money?
can you tell me what 30% off 279 is
I want to choose a new PIN.
Why did I get charged one pound seemingly randomly?
I want to know where the funds come from.
Play what live
What is the current time in London?
I need help fixing my contactless. It's not working anywhere I go today.
how do i cash the reward for first bankcard
Can my PIN changed remotely without visiting a bank?
What is the process when my card is due to expire?
you can refer to me as frank
please confirm my last instruction.
who is responsible for who you are
you've done answer right.
On the fifth of November, I need to go to Washington, D.C.
am suspicious of my card's security
I want to know the source of my funds.
power off the current
set a timer for fifteen seconds
that is enough, stop it.
My withdrawals were going smooth until I got declined today. What is going on?
I can't get my Google Pay Top to work. Are there any issues on your end?
Change contact
find all the "a"s in happiness
Can you let me know where my refund money is? I requested a refund a few days back, but it's not showing up yet.  Do you guys have the money yet? Maybe it's just not in my account.  Let me know when it will become available, please.
How do I use auto top up?
what is your birthday
Why is my withdrawal still pending?
give me the timezone where vancouver is
I ordered online weeks ago and I never received my package in the mail and I don't want to wait any more. So if I could get my money back now that would be great.
Alexa, I want this event to be reminded throughout this month
i will determine it with a coin flip
save my last playlist
turn off plug
find songs from my big band playlist
tvs stock price
speak the last one one more again please.
what's the answer to existence
Play some calming music for me
I wanted to know why i got an additional fee when i use my card.
please turn on my wemo plug socket
what is the date today
ahoy hoy
give me the exchange rate between japanese yen and the australian dollar
Please do not respond.
please add sugar to my shopping list if it's not on it
check and confirm what said.
i want you to speak in french
get me a train ticket to go to
share my location with mom
can you please define it for me
why do starving people keep having kids
Up the brightness on these lights.
My disposable virtual card wouldn't process my payment?
list of famous biryani recipes
Google Pay Top up isn't working
start spider
how many Beatles are still alive
what's on the grocery list
turn lights in the room off
alexa put classic rock on
As for limits are top ups included?
what date is today
let us try your last things once more please.
exchange rate of yan with dollar
When will my top-up go through?
I'm in China and need a new card. Please help.
I lost my phone and would like to freeze my accounts.
can you tell me the current time
can you create a reminder
what type of event
will you check and confirm it.
get the next episode
book a flight from jacksonville, fl to atlanta, ga on 14 february 2019 and returning on 1 march 2019
Turn the kitchen lights off.
i need new health care coverage
Remove cereal from my shopping list.
Tell me about the news.
Turn the left light off
What is the exchange rate like?
Should I wear galoshes today?
put the radio on
thank you so much.
book me a taxi to leith in half an hour
what are the train times today
how can i show noel where i am right now
what's the name that you have for me, please
what alarms did i set today
i want to know how to get to statue of liberty by bus
can you please talk faster
How to verify top up card?
let me know how low the air in my tires are
PDA, send the email to this new email address
PDA what is the geology of this location
Hi, I have been transferring money to my friends since morning, but all my transactions were getting failed. Can you please look into this issue.
i am currently out of q tips and need more ordered right away
Can I add money automatically to my account while traveling?
put pencil on a new grocery list
Can you tell me why my transfer is failing and help resolve?
Can I get a spare card for someone else to use?
are there any international transaction fees associated with my visa card
i want to hear my shower playlist
hmm, not correct response.
Please play Top Country.
what is the remaining time until we are at our destination
What do I do if the bank machine won't accept my PIN attempts anymore?
i need help figuring out a new credit card to get
How do I know where I can use my card?
play sam harris please
Just let me know next weeks weather in California
Alexa, turn off the fan in the master bedroom.
put the lights off now
I want some extra physical cards.
What is the auto top up function and where can I find that at?
report the time in miami
i would like to know the meaning of word
how do i get downtown by foot
PDA, show me a cookie recipe
do i have enough fuel to make it to the theater
how many points have i accumulated on my mastercard
I'm supposed to be getting a refund but it hasn't shown up, now what?
What's on tomorrow night?
I don't know why my credit card was declined while I was trying to top-up. Was it something on my end or was there something wrong with the top-up function?
i want to know about tourist places for bangkok
I tried my PIN too many times and now my card won't work!
please tell few details about this person
can you tell me what the status of my last amazon order is
Remind me of the meeting on tuesday
i'd like to change the pin number on my visa account
Put on Cannibal Queen
hmm, i think you've done it all wrongly.
are you able to figure out where my package is
how can i say not now in spanish
weather forecast for this week
i want to change the light colors
Why isn't my refund showing in my statement?
How long do deposits take to appear? I've been waiting for more than a week and need the money!
Schedule a meeting with Al on Tuesday
find me an uber
I noticed a charge for a transfer.  Why is this?  Is it because I did an international transfer?
when is my plane scheduled to land
what does the list contain
delete my dr k appointment in march
what's your brand
can you start talking to me in spanish from here on out
place an order for two pizzas from dominoes
you don't understand it right.
please confirm the weather for the thirteenth of this month
Does it cost anything and how long would it take to get a card if I need a new one? My card is about to expire.
Raise the lamp's light.
Why was the exchange rate so wrong when I bought something!
show mobile number of john
could you please shut up.
Update my calendar and delete next event
Where does all this money come from though?
shut off the socket
How do I measure a liter of milk?
set a new timer for ten seconds
What is the latest international news?
Why did my transfer fail?  What can I do?
what ingredients do I need for tomato soup
help me roll a dice
search earliest trains to brooklyn ny weekends and holidays
Can I unblock my pin?
when is john's birthday
when will by order from taco bell be delivered
please check this companies stock
find me a room near the jacksonville stadium between january 1st through january 3rd
What is the exchange rate for EUR?
ATMs, which ones will accept this card?
does have good reviews have great reviews
someone used my chase card without my authorization
Remind me in one hour about my meeting.
Turn up the volume.
I'm bored play a game
does my mastercard charge international transaction fees
turn room light off
When is Taco Bell going to arrive?
What are the fees for a physical card?
how do i transport my 401k
Play my favorite music
The $1.00 has still not been reverted as indicated in the previous email.
location
will it rain in the noon
lower the volume on the speakers
what is the amount for train ticket booking
can i get more checks
My account balance doesn't reflect an update I made by cheque yesterday. Is something wrong or is the system slow?
would you please check it.
are you a bot right now
What is the reason for the extra fee on my statement?
yeah you've gotten my instructions right.
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
is the request for vacation i filed with my manager at intel approved yet
Set the living room lights to red
Google please be extra quiet the baby is sleeping.
schedule a meeting with al on tuesday
raise lights
will i have to wait a long time to receive my new credit card after i lost my old one
They is a payment I don't recognize on my statement.
what's my car's tire pressure
Can you tell me when my money transfer will go through
Why isn't my deposit showing up?
what are limits to top up
Hello. How long does it usually take to transfer money to another country? I've made sure all the information is correct, but the transfer still says that it's "pending."
There's a card payment with a name I don't recognize
when you were a child, where did you live
set an alarm for 8 tomorrow
I made a deposit and the balance hasn't been updated.
what day of the week does the next holiday fall on
yes you've understood that right.
yeap agreed.
what is the exact number of my salary
please book train ticket to new york
Hi, I made a transfer yesterday that I need to reverse.  I need to put the money in a different account.
I tried to make a payment with my card and it was declined. Why is it pending?
I made a payment and it was reverted and wanted to know why?
I cannot prove my own identity.
change the lights in the house to green
what is the name of this song
schedule a journey to las vegas by train
i want to hear your last instruction you said again.
How long will it take to transfer something to China urgently?
set an alarm for two pm
I tried using my card and it kept getting declined, Why?
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
can you reserve a table for 6 at red robin under the name mavrick at 5 clock
When does the next train leave for Atlanta.
what is the weather in utah
"which is the best way to improve the credit score
what time am i supposed to pick up john again
What's a parsec?
hey olly inform me about latest picture updated by priya chopra on instagram
How do I use my card if I lost my phone?
I question today's exchange rate for rubles into pounds. I was hoping for a better return.
where should i go for mexican food in me area
what are the latest travel alerts for dubai
resume my audio book from karl pilkington
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
i think my luggage has been lost
What do you require for identification verification?
Do you accept exchanges to EUR?
will you play the song that goes like, "starships were meant to fly
what jokes do you know
do i have enough ingredients in my refrigerator
how do i find top up for cash deposit
What card or currency can I use to pay?
i'm thinking of a number 1-10
how do i change name?
open google keep
What are then rules on beneficiaries?
Can i use this card at any store?
How do I link the new card?
Can I use my card at an ATM?
I would like to change my personal details.
dim the lights
Why did my transfer get declined?
Please apuse this audio book now.
where else do you work
stock details
please change color of light to pinkish.
Which cards do you support for top up?
what is your explanation for the meaning of life
PDA What's Jesse's Address?
Tell me what ATMs allow me to change my PIN.
what's your first name
skip to next episode
you didn't understand what i am looking for.
I just checked my statement and saw a $1 charge, why is it there?
PDA, How to cook this food?
My passcode won't work.
lower the speak volume
I need to reorder my virtual card!
the time in cairo please
Where can I see the source of my money?
do you know my state tax total
how much is twenty argentinian pesos in pounds
you are not wrong about that
which insurance plan do i have
how long do i cook this dish of rice
yeah please.
do i have to get shots to enter cuba
please play the early franks sinatra stuff i have
open the weather app
Olly, display address of John
what's the routing number for my current savings
Why do I need to verify my funds?
Please tell me who is going to win the NBA championsip
send a reply to mike with the answer four hundred and thirty from his email he sent this morning
could you speak a little more softly
might i need to get a visa to travel to venezuela
what did i buy last
Why is there an identify check?
How many calories are in a serving of grapes?
Please play music from my 80s playlist
what is mary smith's telephone number
When shipped to the US how long is delivery time?
answer for three times four
I tried to use the ATM today but it would not accept my card.
Which merchants accept my card?
i want to start calling you marie
add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday
how many languages does it know
I require verification of my source of funds.
I'm having problems making a transfer to another account. I keep getting a declined message. I know that the information I'm putting in is accurate because I have checked it more than once.
what are my health insurance benefits
what's the weather today
add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
undo this process
Please help me change my PIN.
when was born abraham lincoln
How long until transfers complete?
How do I change the PIN?
please reserve a table for 4 at red robin under the name kevin at 7
you are hero, thank you so much.
Do I get a card to keep in my wallet?
Hi, I tried topping up for the first time today (I'm a new customer), and the transaction has shown as pending for the last half an hour. Can you fix it?
check new emails from jim
i’ll be leaving now
myspace
Why am I required to verify my identity?
look at my email
What do I do since the machine swallowed my card. I need one.
i like you just cancel it.
transfer seventeen dollars from rbs to woodforest account, please
i cannot use my card cuz it's damaged
find out of grub burger takes reservations
how many hours distance is between my location and new york
Hi, Today i have tried to make payment by my new card, but payment got declined many times. I am very disappointed, please look into this.
can you tell me how much cash i have
is it possible for me to increase my credit limit by 500 dollars
tell me a few facts about cats
what is the email i got from my girlfriend
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
there is a debit i dont recognize
I tried the wrong PIN too many times.
i want to know how many vacation days i have used
Can you tell me the names of the fiat currencies that I can use at your institution?
Where is the virtual card?
Find a kid friendly event in my area for tonight.
erase all events
hi there tell me latest updates of times of india page in facebook
find the nearest uber
i'm looking for flights that depart on the 3rd and return on z from monday to friday
Do I require sweaters tonight?
My card did not go through in a shop
is it cloudy or sunny in sparks
You can also add additional switches to your home to control more devices.
well done,.
change settings to sound like a female
resume my audio book from karl pilkington
I want to do a bank transfer to this bank, from an account at another bank.
What is the weather like in Toronto?
remove finlee's bedtime alarm
If I receive foreign currencies, am I able to exchange them on the app?
Can I change my pin through the app?
Where can I activate my card?
is there enough in my savings account to get a new tv
I haven't received my virtual card yet!!
will you further elaborate me on what you have said please.
find food and order
can you put carrots on my shopping list
what is the minimum amount i can pay on my gas bill
yeap good.
I am no longer going to Wyatts birthday party
search on his interests
what is the square root of nine
Please add this song to work out playlist
Please send Mom and Dad an email asking how they are.
What is the cost for physical cards?
now reset your factory settings
do i have brush my teeth on my todo list
send an email to qerwerq@hotmail dot com
how many teaspoons is one tablespoon
make the lights brighter
What's the closing price of ABC
that was good one, thank you so much.
lighter shade on the lights please
Show last e-mail from mom
please sync up with my phone
don't speak for an hour
A friend was telling me about her disposable cards. What would I have to do to be able to get that feature?
A transaction on my card shows as pending.
i need to know the status of my credit card application
Would I be able to refund an item?
Does this program take SWIFT transfers?
will you please confirm my last command.
find lyrics of this song and save it it is very nice song
what do spanish people say for the word cow
Are there charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
I want to know the weather in Nashik.
do i get charged more for using my card in canada
Turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee.
Much more clearer and subject oriented
what is on my schedule for tomorrow
will you speak one more time again.
would you shut up.
which was that coldplay song i listened to yesterday evening can you play it again
what's around me
yes, that happens to be correct
check currencies
do my car tires have enough psi in them
What is Tom's phone number?
I can't recognise this Direct Debit payment.
will you say what you have just said once more please.
Can you tell me how to get the answer to (specific question)?
How can I top up my Google Pay?
how to track the card you sent
Give me the current date
i want the light to be switched off.
what song am i hearing
What is
do you know what the interest rate is on my account
take doing the dishes off my todo list
Have any emails arrived in the last 15 minutes?
i need to know this song
There is random cash in my account.
alert me at the time of the event
tell my bank i will be in brazil from june 1st to july 1st
yeap you've gotten your understanding perfectly.
send me a wake up alert at seven am tomorrow morning
Define perpetual
what johncena do
delete happy dance playlist
delete
add something to my list
decrease the speed of your speech please
i would like to crack jokes
repeat the song playing now
please play red fm
please let me know if my discover card application has been approved
There was a canceled payment for my card.
what's the damage on my federal tax return
my new card will get here in the mail when
Could you tell me what today's date is?
Do you know any good jokes?
yeah you get it perfectly.
notify all birthdays next week
what points have i earned on my visa
Last Saturday, I was charged extra for the exchange rate on my payment. Is something wrong?
find my reservation for steve at crucere's and confirm it, please
are there any events coming up
i'd like to be out of whisper mode
is this human or a robot
what is today's weather in springfield
what do i owe in federal taxes
My refund is not showing.
ah it's great work.
I am still awaiting the money I put into my account this morning.
do you know any trivia about ostriches
save that song and my opinion
didn't understand what you said now.
find weather report
what is regard mean
is trump tweeting today
book a taxi at my home address for right now
Is verifying my identify important?
turn on spotify shuffle
play the last radio channel
darken the room a bit
I made a purchase but the exchange rate is wrong?
What do you suggest that I watch this weekend?
How much am I charged for a SEPA transfer?
mute please
tell me that words spoke again please.
how long are eggs good for
have i received any mail in the last hour
Why would a transfer to a beneficiary not go through?
please help with my math
Has the budget been voted on yet?
How can I top up with Apple Pay?
delete the hair appointment i had scheduled on may 1st pleae
let me see cultural events for this weekend in palermo neighborhood
what's the date 400 days from now
are vaccinations needed for trips to guana
play any pop fm channel
change your colors to green
what time is it now
clear the list
can you recommend a decent place in chicago to get pizza
How is jennifer garner's career doing?
which animals do you have at home
you did good job, thanks.
Do I pay extra for exchange?
turn the lights off to my room
Can I add money to top up my account via a bank transfer?
The activation process did not work, please help?
Tell me the current price of exxon mobil stock
yeap you've got your understanding right.
what's the average number of calories in one cup of tomato soup
can you turn the lights up
how much have i spent on my debit card this month
you've done that right, olly.
i'd like to hear a lawyer joke
What is the extra €1 on my statement for?
now i'd like for you to return to the original settings
send email to mom starting with the subject vacation
Purchase ticket to New York City on train.
reduce volume
play npr through my living room stereo
weather this week
There is a potentially fraudulent direct debit on my account.
i need ti know the traffic in tempe
How smooth is marble floor?
Has (sender) sent me any new emails?
is a visa necessary for traveling to south africa
im not paying this transfer fee
when is the third monday of this month
display trains going to antwerp after two pm saturday
i'd like to hear what i've said again.
Hey Olly, what time does the next train depart?
How can I fix this?  There is a double charge on my account.
I got topped up but the application reverted it.
delete calendar item
When am I supposed to meet Barbara for lunch this week?
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
when asked who you work for, what would you say
Note my 'event' with 'person' on 'date' at 'place'
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
please give me the latest feed updates
will you say once again please.
what's the equivalent of 1 cup to pounds
olly please would you just stop it.
Please schedule a meeting with Brian Billings in accounting
tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. What's going on with this?
I need a taxi ride now
please show me how to apply for a visa card
WHAT ALARMS ARE SET IN THE HOUSE?
It is extremely important that I cancel the transfer I made yesterday and put the money into a different account.  Is this possible?
What is my daughter's phone number.
please add smithjoe@email dot com to the contact information for joe smith
is it possible to make reservations at chili's
Olly, Is the temp really going to be 80 degrees on saturday?
I did a money transaction and the recipient doesn't see it
How limited is a virtual card?
what is the correct exchange rate for getting cash
Where is my PIN?
and the darkness has fallen
who is singing that song on now
what transactions have i made in the last few weeks
alexa lest play chess
Verifying top-up cards necessary?
your scenarios on your PC and transfer them back to the PDA via the hot
Is the PIN delivered separately?
please tell me if my reservation is scheduled for sally's at 3 pm
would it be ok to use butter instead of oil
Book me a cab olly
reshuffle and play music
What steps do I do to transfer money using my credit card?
translate hello to french
role a 10 sided die for me
Remember to remind me about client meet at 4 pm.
can you remove remove buying eggs item from my to do list
tell me whether i can put a pto request in for may 10 to may 15
contacts please
give me the news on donald trump
how is the traffic in mg road
who is the singer
can you cancel my dinner reservation
Remove my 1:30 appointment.
who is your manager
how do i buy tickets for that
reduce the intensity of lights
please mark the wemo socket to off
clean the floor please
how is the traffic now
I'm due a refund and it is not on my statement.
PDA, add to calender, Dr. K at 3:30 pm on March 7.
Can you help me process a refund?
help me a great hotel in vegas for this weekend
What hiking trail in the Smoky Mountains would be the best in terms of the nicest waterfall to see?
I got a fee when paying with my card
remove the alarm set for ten pm
dentist appointment today at nine am
How come you charge for cash withdrawals? I withdrew cash after buying groceries today, and there seems to be a new fee
i was unclear about last sentence.
i do not really mind for whatever, olly.
Are SWIFT Transfers available at this bank?
I may need to dispute a Direct Debit payment.
I need to know what these extra charges are on my statement?
What's the process for topping up by card?
is it supposed to rain tomorrow
change my room lights to blue
Delete my grocery list in my notes.
Olly remind me about the picnic at Regent park
wouldn't really care.
brighten light
Find out if Eddie Richards has sent an email about the budget requests.
hey read any email to me
how much did i spend on gear two weeks ago
I tried to top up my account and it didn't work
where do i get my tax papers
Keep me informed about bitcoin price.
My friend wants to send me money, can she?
remind me about tomorrows lunch meeting at 1
please help me schedule a meeting with john love at 9 am tomorrow
I need to know how much it costs to transfer funds.
please start vacuuming
can you give me a status update on my online order from amazon
Is Leonardo Married?
Play something from Keane's Hopes and Fears album.
May I transfer a cheque into my account?
what is the best mexican restaurant in seattle
How much time it will take to prepare the order
There was a charge made on my card from a couple weeks ago and I don't remember making the purchase. Nor do I remember the company itself. Can we trace this at all to confirm if I did it or not?
please mute yourself
do i need to replace my tires if i replaced my tires in january
book uber for tonight at seven pm
you get your understanding right.
Can I have a refund for one of your products?
what events are this week
call a cab
send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
i need to buy everything on the shopping list
can you check when my flight lands
what's the famous monty python joke about the bird
what type of gas goes into the car
what pto time to i have remaining
you did great work,.
I really enjoy rock and roll.
can you retry please.
what about the weather in austin
What are the auto top-up policies?
i will be in boston from march 2 to march 4 can i rent a car for that time
are you real
i finished my to do list
start vacuum
please repeat the last sentence from that book
Why do you need me to do an identity check?
How many people live in Takjistan?
Is there a way to modify my details?
start cleaning floors
Why haven't I gotten my payment yet?
make the living room blue
Show volume settings
I topped up but it isn't in my account
make a new alarm
how would i say where is the bathroom if i were korean
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
My card payment did not go through.
yes it's correct.
how much is amazon stock?
popup meeting
it's fantastic.
Open news
need to know if there is a maximum i can top up
i want recommendations for good sushi spots in los angeles
I'm not okay with this fee on my statement.
can you say what you have said one more again.
Are there any extra fees for adding money into the international card?
search for pizza nearby
add this email to a new contact
how many dollars can i get for 20 yen
How do I obtain a disposable virtual card?
can you tell me where i am
Check the latest news
what is stupedous meant
Can I still use the app if I switched phones?
pto so far i have used is how much
I haven't received my card.
Show me the customer service number for Mcdonalds.
What is the capital of Mexico?
can you tell me the nearest wells fargo bank location to port authority, new york
you've done that right thank you very much.
open facebook messenger
Whats the transfer process
that wasn't right.
tell me the name of the song
I'm hoping you can answer my question about a pending transfer that I've had for a while now.  I know that all of the account details are correct, so why is it taking so long to go through?
am i supposed to attend any meetings today
What is the time difference between Eastern time and Pacific time?
how time is it
I was charged a fee for a transfer.
what's the forecast for this week
who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting
please tell me some international news
set new reminder to every day
Can turkeys fly
What is the capital city of Colorado?
The exchange rate given to me after a purchase, was incorrect
My card payment was not successful.
How do I order a virtual card?
There's an error with the rate that is charged.
how much is the us dollar versus the pound
has my vacation request been approved
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transaction
olly please can you cancel.
Turn off my alarms
How do I know if i need a disposable card?
what events are scheduled this week
Delete Task list 1
what's the best pizza shop nearby
I didn't get my card back from the ATM.
flip a coin i choose heads
how do you pan sear a porterhouse steak
I can't use my card.
remove the alarm set for four hundred am
what happened to charlie chaplin
i want to know how to go about getting a new credit card
What's new on iTunes?
what's the name of this release
How do I troubleshoot when contactless doesn't work?
who do i contact to order more checks for my td bank account
Do not wake me up on weekends.
how to track the card you sent
I need to get a card, but I live in the US.
I think someone copied the numbers on my card and is using them.
what are my top played podcasts
I received my American Express card, but I am having problems making it work with Apple pay.  Can you help me with this problem?
The cheque I sent a few days ago has not been deposited yet, what is the hold up?
does it matter what kind of gas i fill up my car with
Do I have to go somewhere to activate my card?
can you get me a table for 1 at the vega at 1pm
what movie can I watch tonight on the theater here in Boston?
Hello, I tried to take out some money out of the ATM, but it's still showing that it's pending? I really don't want to be charged for this.
This transfer incurred a fee that I don't think is right.
what's on my todo list
what's my phone's location
mute enabled until i say so
this is unimportant to me, olly.
does this take regular unleaded
would you please check and confirm it.
when should i get my tires changed again
play my preferred song
There is a direct debit charge on my account that I don't recognize.
I'm pretty frustrated about a pound charge that keeps  showing up in my account statement. It's listed in the app as "pending", it never changes, and now I'm thinking someone's hacked my account!
on my shopping list, remove bread and add milk
am i able to place a pto request for february 20-25
how much money am i earning
what steps should i take if i want to ensure my credit score doesn't drop
When I went to get cash, it was declined!
Can you please be muted for a while
Why can't my ID be verified?
How can I transfer money to my account?
can you make dinner for me
what is a virtual and how do i get one
thank you kindly
My card was declined
around 5 pm, how busy is kaya
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
Check for me new emails recieved from Peter
do i need an international visa to go to hong kong
tell me a funny joke
I didn't buy this twice
can you get me a table for 2 at diablo
when's the next time i get a day off
Please give me a Mastercard instead.
Save event for 5pm to 6pm on March 18th
the song that goes, "starships were meant to fly", play it
Why wasn't I able to transfer to another account?
Is it possible for me to get money out in a different currency?
set an event for friday
I need to know the if there is a limit on the amount for auto top-up.
add butter to the list
play britney spears crazy
PDA name: post my latest entry to twitter @nsa
send message via email
what is my current reward point total on my visa card
what is your name for me, please
can you call alexa
Olly, brew coffee
It's been some time since refilled the top-up.
which types of questions may i ask you
i am not sure if i have enough money in my chase account to buy a new dress
uh no, it isn't what i am looking for.
toggle wemo plug socket on
Why are you asking so many questions about who I am
What happens if I use my account and my identity verification hasn't finished?
play the book which i heard on some particular day
where can i locate the pnc account's interest rate
The see the rate applied to my transaction was wrong at the atm.
Help complaint to consumer service
can i have a table held at the outback steakhouse for johnson at 5
how many emails do i have from work today
Any breaking news?
where should i look for when my gas bill is due
i have to schedule somewhere get my tires checked out
PDA please run this game
i was supposed to get a refund but my balance hasn't changed, why not?
What does a transfer cost?
I haven't gotten my new card.
id like to get on the next train that will be departing indianapolis headed to chicago
can you speak slower please
how is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas today
i need you to confirm my reservation for outback steakhouse at 6
my cash withdrawal has not come out of my account yet.
Why doesn't the person I sent money to see that transfer yet?
Where do I go to get my new card linked?
s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
let my bank know i'll be in ireland from may 01, 2019 to august 02, 2019
resume playing the miniaturist
i can't understand the language you are responding in; i need you to switch it
olly later tonight remind me about tomorrows meeting
Activate the vacuum
indicate something funny on the topic of food
does brooklyn have good italian restaurants
change the lights to a different hue
What time can I catch the train to DC and arrive by 9 AM?
I used my card to get cash then I was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been charged.
whats the title of this
tell me mr joes pizza average wait time
I want to play FIFA 17
can you please further elaborate your response.
i would like to report my american express card stolen
what bands are playing in town this weekend
Olly, tell me the temperature.
please play program on xmtune
If I was travelling abroad, would I be able to hold currencies in euros?
I would like to change my personal details.
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
i have a new job, help me with my 401k rollover
Will I be charged for receiving the money?
could you please reset your factory settings
can u please set the timer for 5 minutes
please turn lights off
How do I link this new card?
Can I order a new card by phone?
Why is my transfer not showing
what is name of the song currently playing
Thursday at 3:00pm there is a teachers meeting I need to be reminded of.
are you sure.
I see a charge on my account that I don't recall making. I feel like my account may have been compromised.
mute enabled until I say so
it was good one, thank you very much.
please turn off all the lights outdoor
how much is 5 us dollars worth in canadian dollars
I have a payment listed as cancelled.
can you check and confirm last thing said please.
let wendy's know i hate them
about how much will my federal taxes be
not use
add pepsi to my shopping bag
can it takeaway from ammi biryani
Please schedule a hair cutting appointment for 1:00 pm on Saturday.
what is the height of monali thakur
How do I retrieve a trapped card from a ATM?
please will you clarify me more on it.
One of my card payments looks like it's stuck but I have made the payment days ago. How long until the payment will be applied to my account?
this brings some problems to us
two by two is
if i go to dublin is a socket converter needed
i would like to learn to make cookies
what would you say is the best meal to have for dinner
please train
Play the 50 songs I listen to most often.
I tried to use the ATM with foreign currency. The conversion rate applied was wrong.
i need to make a vacation request; how
Play all Indie pop songs.
what is my points total for my mastercard
Can you tell me what countries you operate in?
I tried to transfer money to a receiver and they didn't get the right amount. What is going on and who do I contact to help me?
start coffee at six am
Where is the transfer that I did?
read my list of reminders
what are the reviews like for mission chinese
cross out bread from shopping list
i need to freeze my bank account
please dial david now
I need help verifying my identity.
cancel the plan of xxxx
What's close by for dinner
How can I change to my married name?
Can I unblock my PIN in the app?
what time is it in Atlanta?
Hi! What documents can I use to verify my identity?
What does (insert) mean ?
switch on all the lights
How many disposable  cards are available per account?
I need to activate my card.
How do I go about transferring money using my credit card?
what are the dimensions for a Buick lesber
i need to find a gift what stores are within a one mile radius
Remove list start with 'A'
prepare a coffee
pink is all we need
show mobile number of john
how much have i spent on make up recently
wake me up at five am this week
how is the weather down in orange tx
Am I able to top up with Apple Pay?
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
start playing podcast about books
On all the button on dashboard
change light color to blue
uhh no, that's not what i am searching for.
Activate robot cleaner in an hour
do you know what my health benefits are
What artist sings this song?
convert euros to dollars
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank branch?
How come I can't put money in my top up account?
I don't need to transfer anymore and I want to cancel it.
i need an uber pool from home in the morning at seven to the capitol building
how many alarms are currently set
for flight dl123 what's the status
What's on the radio?
start bbc radio
Make the light in here redder.
Could you dim the ligths
put in for time off march 4 to march 6
is there a surcharge for using my card in italy while i'm there
what is the amount of vacation days i have left
what's the routing number for my money market account
I only got $20 of the $100 that I attempted to withdraw.
Let me know when you charge for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
what day of the week does the twenty second fall on this month
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's an issue with my account?
help me change my pin number
I have been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app won't work could you please help me?
How many mountain ranges are there in the United States?
how many feet are in 50 yards
play the twilight book
order a twelve piece honey mustard wing combo with seasonimg altnon the fries and a sprite as the drink
Has John sent me a reply via email yet?
I tired to move my money, but my transfer was declined.
can you check and confirm that.
can you call an uber for me
I was charged an extra fee for a card payment. I was unaware of these fees beforehand.
I found the card I thought I lost this morning. Can I reactivate this card?
If I need an additional card, is there a fee for that?
Can you turn off kitchen light for me
what's the meaning of naff
wait, i think that was not the correct response.
My PIN has been blocked, what should I do?
Completely clear my calendar please.
Start playing my song list.
What am I being charged an extra pound when I haven't bought something worth that much?
create appointment to list
What is the maximum transactions for one disposable card?
My app says that I'm not verified.
please set an alarm for 5 am
My card doesn't work. I can't get cash out at an ATM
What countries are you supporting?
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
Where can I use this card?
I am not able to prove my identity
are there any alarms for today
Whay day does Easter fall on this year?
i have been trying to add money with apple pay but it wont work, why?
make your name jake
when was the car in the shop
Tweet @mcdonalds your food sucks #nastyburger
tell me the office address of my brother
Ive been trying to use my card for two weeks now to purchase somethings online but nothing is going through. It keeps returning my payment to my account. There shouldn't be anything wrong with my account, is it the card?
I need to update my phone number.
call a taxi to pick me up at work
cook some coffees
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
Apple watch top up help, please?
Why has another fee been placed on my statement?
Where can I located the auto-top up option?
slow rock it's ok
One of my transactions needs to be canceled.
drop some beats
do i have enough gas in my car to make it to dallas
what's the traffic at lexington
Run the vacuum cleaner
name the lists available
Dolly Parton biography
select the contact
i need a taxi uber
what movies are playing near me
thanks for that
i appreciate it, it was awesome.
add staff meeting to my calendar for march 1 at 10:00 in the morning
i have no clue
current currency rate
is it sunny in gonbad now
could you tell me what my routing number from first republic is
talk to you later.
It seems my top up is reverted?
please retweet this post on twitter
yeah got the answer exactly.
How long does it take for a top-up?
change the lights in my home to orange
i need a reservation for one at applebee's, four in the afternoon on march 3rd
What's the deal? My card was just denied for top up. Why is it not going through?
open chess app and begin game
in what state were you born
reply to joes email
My phone was stolen so I no longer have access to the app.
please tell me when's my financial meeting
what shots do i need to get in order to travel to khartoum
what do i get paid
what day was it on my birth date?
do i still have the reservation on march 21 at 8pm
hey does open sesame do take out
Help! I lost my card!
Why was there a fee for my cash withdrawal?
I need a refund and cancel a transaction on an item I purchased and i need it as soon as possible, please!
DID I SET MY HOUSE ALARM?
What do I do if my card is not working?
make coffee at three
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
There is a direct debit charge on my account that is not mine.
i need an oil change, make an appointment
Catcha a ride!
tell me that once again.
how long does it take a new card to arrive in the mail to me
can you find my iphone
shall we play a game
I need to change my PIN. Can I do that at a cash machine?
Stock price for Google.
Why was I charged a fee for my card payment?
does the nearby chinese restaurant do delivery
how many tablespoons are there in a cup
Searching information online
book me a taxi to leith in half an hour
see how many days i've taken off so far
how do i change your options so that you speak more slowly
what topics can i ask you about
what does saffron mean
how much is a train ticket to san fransisco
how do i request vacation time
stock
how would you tackle the following problem>>>>
My Google pay top up isn't working. Help.
I tried to pay contactless at the bus today and it didn't work. Any ideas why?
markets near by
change the opacity of the color
Check facebook and twitter and tell me if anything interesting is happening.
Delete the dog list for me
Tell me about my upcoming events.
I'm trying to move money from my account to elsewhere, but it's giving me an error message.
turn off the lights in the bathroom
what is spanish for good morning
start a list
what is happening Olly
do you know what a joke is
i want to change my pin number for my account
i wouldn't know.
please tell me how do i change the account pin number
you did the task wrong.
i would not know, olly.
Your exchange rates come from where?
play sam harris audiobook
i need everything deleted from calendar please
I do not have the information to verify my identify.
How are exchange rates calculated at this bank?
Can my daughter make an account?
can you please whisper
i want my chase account blocked immediately
My cash withdrawal isnt showing on my account
where's a good place to get some grub
is my flight, dl123 on time
List top 5 movies of Emma Watson .
latest technologies gadgets
switch on radio mango
let me call mark
please create an event with only these people
i have some charges on my account from old navy that aren't mine
send email to marissa
Lets get something on the calendar for Tuesday
save my music preferences
Hi This is john, I would like to know the special dish for today.
check days of pto
show me this week's forecast
i need to know bank of america's routing
send an email to mike about this weekend party
My card was topped this morning but I can't see the funds. Why didn't it complete?
checkout today set alarm of ten am
play silent song
i want help rolling over my 401k
call my wife
lets flip for it
what is a good lave to eat near me
what countries can i use my card in
There's a cash withdrawal I am certain I did not make
can you raise the lights for me please
set a brand new timer for eight seconds
does not matter to me.
how old is mary s.
how do i report my lost card
west side races
schedule a journey to las vegas by train
Olly read my lists to me
tell me how to cook pasta
what's local slang for goodbye in hawaii
the bill for water and electricity is how much
why was a transfer declined
What is hurricane
I made a big purchase that I regretted and cancelled, the merchant said that my refund was submitted. Can you confirm to me that all of my money was truly returned to me?
how to cook rice, Olly
tell me that once again.
I found my card. How can I put it into my app?
you're too loud
Audio book play jai ho
Do you know the reason why my card payment was declined?
locate address for myrtle beach state fair
can i get a higher credit limit on my american express
this is unimportant, olly.
ATM is broken. It did not give me the full amount (30 pounds.)  I'm standing here with only 10 pounds and it's telling me it gave me 30 pounds. I need assistance now!
How can I change to another currency?
turn on flappy bird
Tell me how to delete my account.
Will I get charged on a foreign currencies exchange?
make an alarm for me at five am tomorrow
Repeat last message
open my amazon music app and play my playlist
when is the best time for my next oil change
The app does not believe that I am myself
what is the top searches in google today
Who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting?
When I try and to buy something using my card it keeps getting declined.
How do I activate a card?
Olly what mexican food is around me?
is my visa card's apr decent
please play the song joy to the world
s1, would you further explain me about your response please.
do i have any alarms set for six am tomorrow
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
I'd like to have extra cards. Will I have to pay for that?
Is there any age limit?
my new card will arrive when
tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty one is
Why is my deposit still pending?
is there anything new in my email folder
what's the amount of calories in an cream filled oatmeal cookie
get me a taxi
Olly, Play Heavyweight podcast
i wouldn't really bother, olly.
How many days to deliver to a US customer?
dollar rate at present?
remove the bank transaction list
do i have a doctors appointment today
what's wells fargo's routing number
Send a reply to that email.
Cancel next event.
could you please check that.
would you cancel it please.
change color
I think something may have happened that caused a charge to show up twice.
what is twenty four times twenty four
I was under the impression that transfers were going to be free and here I was charged for something I bought overseas!  I don't think this fee is right
my luggage did not arrive, please investigate
Is there a place to check for fee for payments? I feel like I'm getting charged too much at times.
What does it mean when a payment is pending?
i have to cancel my reservation
this song is too length
please provide an option for dinner
tell me when the event starts
make the room brighter
Send the following Email to bro Hi come down for dinner tonight
Why is my transfer appearing as "pending"?
Will declined funds I tried to withdraw be returned to me?
I topped up but my money is not showing. Why is that?
please continue reading audiobook
I did a card payment but its status is still coming as pending. Please check and inform when it would complete.
My top-up for Google Pay isn't working
I'm confused as to why my transfer is still listed as pending on the website.
please remove the appointment which i have made with mrjim
I live in the EU - can I get a card?
Am I able to get both a Visa and MasterCard from you?
can traveling to nepal be safe (what's safe in x)
open the grubhub app so i can order take out
repeat what i've just said please.
confirm my alarm settings
say a good joke for me right now
look for a taxi to go home
please read me my current lists
I am so angry right now!  I went to the ATM and did not get the correct amount of money I chose to withdraw.  How could this happen?  I need my money and want to know how I can get it ASAP!
Remind me to meet Sarah at Safeway in Mckinleyville California at noon.
Can you tell me how transferring money into my account works?
when did beyonce and jay z get married
oh my god I lost my card! what should I do?
How much do I have to pay if I want to transfer money?
play most recent podcast upload
remove all the events on my calendar
please search for local events
Who is the prettiest actress in the world in this century
play led zeppelin houses of the holy
did i set march 10th as my doctor's appointment
Is there a list of ATMs that take this card?
place an order for my entire shopping list
please try what you've just said again.
set event date in calendar with ohers
ai, call me deb
my luggage is lost,what do i do now
change the light in the bathroom to yellow
will flight dl123 be on time
Add Mike and Jack to festival calender
Why are you charging fees on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after buying groceries. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
details need to be modified
you have been a big help, thank you so much
power off the wemo plug
how can i build up my credit score
what pets do you currently own
can you help me begin the process of redeeming credit card points
How do I reset my password?
What is the answer to two by two?
What countries can I travel to and have access to their currencies?
PDA, tweet to company.
i cannot recall the pin for my savings account
tell me items that are on my shopping list
please start my car
nine hundred and ninety nine fm is currently playing what music
add a tab to the shopping list
can you increase how much i can spend on my visa
change the lights in the living room to green and red
can i know what i on the list
is there a particular name i should call you
how to best prepare a salmon or haddock?
chatbot
turn off the lights please
remind me of my appointment on the fifteenth
play the radio station
create appointment to list
How many disposable cards per day am I allowed to have?
Why would the ATM machine fail to give me the cash withdrawal I requested?
i need to know why my bank account is blocking all of activity
i will require help to take care of my utility bill
that is helpful, thanks.
Play for me the radio station 98.3 fm
When should I expect to receive my card?
Why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by the ATM?
Lights off in the kitchen, please.
I like the songs of Yeshudas please play it.
send a tweet to amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approximately ten minutes from now
Help Me!  I lost my card.  What should I do?
how far out is flight dl123
whatever is ok for me.
where is my delta flight
please give me my emails.
for the shopping list, add ham as well
remind me after an hour to go for shopping.
Please turn off the light of the bathroom
Can I use SWIFT transfers?
give me some ideas on what i can do in seattle for fun
i want to listen to the bob and tom show
at what point balance can i redeem my points
order some takeaway food
nope, i didn't say this.
color change of lights
When can I expect my card to be delivered to the US?
Someone might be using my card that is not me.
I want to listen classical music.
what is fifty five minus two
play rock
i would like you check and confirm last thing said please.
is it necessary to apply for a tourist visa for mexico
Please alert me on Friday at 8:00 am to go to the gym.
is adele going to go on tour
Play my '90s R&B playlist.
on my statement there is a payment that I don't recognise
train to athens how to
if i call mike in california at six pm what will his time be
I have multiple charges on the same transaction.
what is my salary
could you replay please.
do you know any greek dishes i could make for dinner
how much money do i earn
how can i rehabilitate my poor credit score
Is the brightness of my screen running low?
Play John Fugelsang's show on Serius
hey, how do i call your attention
can you tell me what you are called
this brings some problems to us
i gotta know my credit score
How do I freeze my card using the app?
i want to track a package i should be getting
how can i make changes for my insurance policy
I couldn't transfer money to a beneficiery
tell me one more again please.
Hello, a few days ago I transferred my rent check to my landlord, however, he is saying that it has not gone though. On my end everything looks fine and I double checked the account number. Is there anything else that could be holding up the check?
play the radio for me
make sure i get a meeting room for 9am on friday
Schedule a reminder for 1pm for a board meeting
What are the best Italian restaurants in Los Angeles?
I transferred money but the recipient says it has not arrived. Why would this be?
Will there be any extra fees if I exchange currencies?
what do you do on off days
please tell em the list of trains to chicago via california
play biography of jackie kennedy
display recent email from John, Olly
tell me if you are a human or a computer
is there a way to clear my calendar
Can you tell me how to locate my PIN?
Do you have to be in the UK to get a card?
I want a refund because my package has been taking too long to arrive. How do I go about doing that?
There's a cash withdrawal I didn't make
what's the shelf life for eggs in the fridge
How do I to up by card?
are you human
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
keep quiet
Where do you get those exchange rates?
put a freeze on my bank account
can you forward an episode in the podcast
switch whisper mode off
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
Will you accept my credit card?
what does my schedule look like for april 1
socket off
Is it possible to go ahead and log in, although I have not been confirmed yet?
tell me the nutrition facts for shepherd's pie
get the cleaning on
what is the traffic condition of florida
PDA, fly me to the moon.
Olly what is the nearest mexican restaurent in Cleveland?
would you elaborate me on what you've said once again.
Id liek to know if there are any accidents on the route that I am taking.
I am tired of getting charged fees, and I have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
good bye my friend
Am I allowed to carry an additional card?
What should I do if I want to get another card for someone in my family?
why isnt adam sandler funny PDA?
meetings from twenty to twenty five june
doesn't matter, olly.
does the zen garden in la take reservations
what timezone is london is
Give me all my lists.
I need my card to come as soon as possible.
Help me start my kitchen list.
tell me when my next doctors appointment is
What's the weather like tomorrow?
set my amex pin to 1234
Can you deleted the current event?
what times may i travel to location a
i need to hold off on my account
is there any traffic on the way to the bank
the apr on my visa card is what
tell me the gas i need to fill this car up with
Can you define a chair
I think someone else is using my card.  There are transactions I didn't make.
What's the limit for disposable virtual cards?
excellent work, you have done well.
Email form for regional VP.
book me on a train leaving Penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than 200 miles away
How do I know what my PIN is?
turn the volume down
please rewind to start of podcast
Check my new emails and tell me what are they about
What all am I required to show for the identity check?
you've done the command right.
please can you confirm the command.
get me resume of newest release audio book
please continue with the next podcast episode
tell me my lists
Tell me some joke.
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
What steps can I take if someone else is using my card?
olly i would like you just stop it.
please tell me my bank of america routing number
look for a joke
tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
I was checking my statement and I think one of my card payments has reverted
repeat music
Do I have any missed call from Patrick
start vacuum bot
I still want to use my account but haven't verified is that OK?
Who is singing this?
alexa refresh my list and tell me whats on it
What's the current time in Eastern Standard?
Can my account me accessed by a thief?  I was mugged.
delete all events from my calendar
By definition what does the word absolute mean?
I lost the code and can not get into the app. Help!
i need to set an alarm
What is a funny joke?
Is there a reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
what's the name of this song i'm listening to
How long will it take for my transferred money to show up?
After taking over my card transactions I noticed that was charged twice for a restaurant purchased from earlier this week. Can you please remove one of these transactions from my account since it is not accurate?
I topped up my account but the money isn't there now.
how long does it take you to mail me a new card
why hello
I need an alarm for 9pm.
Why was I charged for a cash withdrawal at the ATM?
Can I use any card and currency?
decrease volume level
i want to hear a good joke
There is an extra charge on my account I didn't authorise, it's just £1, what is it?
can you turn on pandora
my card is lost please report it
twelveth july is bola's birthday and my calendar to be updated with this date
carlos linux upgrade email
Remove Thanks Giving event from my calendar
i have been spending a lot on utility bills lately
where is the closest uber
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
can you play the song that starts with doo doo doo
i want to listen to rock
provide a random roll of the dice
Are we friends?
I think there was an error in your exchange rate.
could you please check and confirm the details.
So I just went to the ATM to get some cash.  I input that I needed 100 pounds but I only got 80.  I have the receipt  and I am in need of the extra money.  How do I go about obtaining the missing amount?
i must get the w-2 form
good work, you have done well.
turn off the socket
i want you to call me a different name so can you call me charchar
how's my gas mileage in citys
I cannot make transactions with my virtual card.
I want to know why I have been unable to withdrawn funds.
What is next in my calendar?
remove pepper from my grocery list
I can't access my money. Is it because somethings wrong with the top-up? I set it up correctly.
what is a fijord
What if I don't want to disclose all of my identity details?
what is your boss's name
order a takeaway sandwich and soup from the italian's
Are there specific ATM's I can use with this card?
Are there restrictions for ordering extra cards?
Why did the funds for one of my purchase come back to my account?
Turn on the lights that are outdoors.
what kind of event is happening around me
make the lights a different color
yes command is excellent.
turn up music please
help me get my device back to it's factory settings
please let us try what said once more.
Why is there a fee for cash withdrawal?
Why do I have a transaction showing up more than once?
do you know what my name is
tell me my miles per gallon on my car
Send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it. Apologize for being late.
please takeaway of giving required of the restaurant
set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning
What do I do if a transaction shows up twice?
How do i authenticate a top-up card?
add the item to a list
Show new emails to me
the command was wonderful.
when can you send me a replacement card
Is there a chili cookoff this weekend?
what is the underlying purpose to life
have no idea for which to choose.
add something to my list
olly i want you just stop it.
My phone is at the hotel.  How can I use the app?
Can you explain the transfer fee to me?
Make me a new checklist.
would you please get your accent changed to the male british one
I want to listen to Rock
do i have 30th birthday party on my calendar
Why are you asking so many questions about who I am
a joke please
I got less cash at the ATM than I asked for. Why?
it's indeed true
Get me some radio music from KAMP_FM
what are the current stock prices for google
Please help my find out why there is an odd direct debit in my records.
how is a meeting scheduled
My payment is taking a long time to go through.
i want to check on my vacation request
that's useful, thanks.
look up stock prices for my mutual funds and account
do you know the status of the credit card application i filed
how much am i paid
play the song that goes like i like to move it, move it
What day is Easter?
show me tutorials on cooking food
Why am I being charge a fee when using an ATM?
delete my six am alarm
remind me to do something
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I am blocked.  Help me unblock!
Find out for me what the topic is of each Oswald Chambers book
how much is five dollars worth in euros
So, I was just charged for my recent ATM withdrawal and any withdrawal prior to this has been free. What is the issue here?
i need to know the status of my day off request
If my card becomes expired what can I do?
confirm that buy a light bulb is on my list of reminders
how do i find out my rewards balance on my chase card
Network podcast
Tell me about Kevin Spacey
do i have to file a tax form
Remind me of my meeting tomorrow at 3:00PM
How many teeth does Ryan Reynolds have?
find inner tube and buy it for me
please try your last sentence you said once again.
anything would be good.
What's the exchange fee?
read my grocery list
I wish to use my American Express to put funds into my account.
I wanted to know about a pending dollar that is on my statement.
How do I see my card in the app?
when do i need my next oil change
what is latest news about this world
tell me some things to do in phoenix
Why are top-ups being verified?
Find me a good pop song
how much have i been spending on booze this month
PDA: I'm back PDA, any new emails since I left?
decrease speaker volumne alexa
how many legs does a dog have
Why is my exchange rate wrong for an item I bought?
I have cancelled payments to this card.
report lost card to discover company
Please help me.  I don't know my code to get into the app.
where has my transferred money gone?
stop talking you are annoying
i like you cancel.
brightness ninety percent
let me know my current location
now playing
i like the background song
i would like to change your language from portuguese to italian
spell antipathy for me
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
If I need a PIN for my card, where is it located?
my discover card has been stolen
book me a train ticket to newcastle
Delete my Christmas Holiday list.
show me a spaghetti recipe
thank you very much for that information.
Payment I did not make.
exchange rate between mexico and us
A few hours ago I made a bank transfer from my UK account but I don't see that it has arrived.   Can you check and see if all is ok please?
do i have an alarm set for today
whats a silly joke you know
How long will my top-up stay pending?
what's the current time in greenwhich
How many times could the size of Texas fit into the size of Alaska?
i gotta pay my cable bill
My card payment is being declined and I've tried several times.
remind me 2 days before
give me news on president trump
PDA name: get rid of xxxx from the list
check and confirm details please.
Find me the earliest train ticket departing Friday morning to Miami.
My balance doesn't show my deposit.
turn sound off
where can i find jimmy john's reservations
you don't understand it right.
i really want my account frozen
make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
I've forgotten my passcode. Can I reset?
could you tell me what time it is
Olly, should I wear my gloves or not?
Can you delete my shopping list.
stop powering the wemo socket
it is unimportant for me, olly.
I need to activate my card, how is that done?
whats the currency exchange rate from dollars to euros
send a text message
How can I make my card show up in the app?
tell me about it
Today was stressful
change the color of my porch lights to green
i would like to hear again.
can i make a reservation for 8 pm at red robin for 3
where do i find the irs form that tells me the amount of money i owe them
Please find events in the month of March
does phoenix have a different timezone
song info
what do my state taxes amount to
Notify me when this meeting is close.
please say that one more time
how do i change inches to centimeters
yes affirmative.
send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on saturday see you then
Check emails from cindy
please let me know where david is travelling
that wasn't right.
has my vacation been ok'd
Is my card working? It's the first time I tried using it I tried to get money out of an ATM, but got nothing.
How do I show this stupid system that this is really my identity?
play a game of contra as a second player
My favourite music band is Queen
Whats on your list right now?
please switch off on the wemo plug socket
Shall we play a game?
What do I do if an ATM ate my card?
open audiobook
it is useful, thanks, olly.
can you turn that down
i would like to know how to perform an oil change
learn to cut potatoes correctly
I dont want to carry an umbrella, will we have rain today?
i think you have understood that not correct.
How come my card doesn't work anymore?
I want to hear Tum hi ho next.
how much do i owe on my cable bill
What will happen if I want to add money using an international card? Will I run into any fees?
nice job, you did well, olly.
today i couldn't find my phone
check my facebook notification
increase brightness by twenty percent
What is the time for a transfer?
i want to bright the room more
olly that's all, just stop.
How long will it take for my transaction to be completed?
i am needing to know what kind of pets you have
what is an amazing trivia fact relating to 3d printing
i appreciate it, that's great job.
Can you activate the vacuum to clean the house?
olly please would you shut off.
I made a cash deposit almost a week ago but it's still not there!! please sort this out asap I need the money
I deposited money in the form of a cheque, but my balance has not increased.
can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram
what is the day off request status if you could tell me
where could i find forms to get my w2
you had me incorrectly.
i need to know what is the date today
rephrase further on your response please.
How do I request the PIN?
Schedule a meeting by asking your
you've got my instructions correcly.
Remind it on Tuesday.
what is on my shopping list today
raise living room lights half way
How do I use my card to top up?
tweet complaint to sony consumer service
why does it take so long to verify my id
i would like to know the meaning of word
maybe we can go to the next song
i need quiet; use whisper
how many of my contacts live or work in detroit
how do you get exchange rates
describe your list
i wouldn't bother, olly.
Go silent until 3 pm.
How do I get a card if I live in the US?
what name am i under
tell me how to jump start my car
what is my total spent on dining out for the month of january
vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
I am unable to use my card.
I would like to use one of my cards for a family member. Is that allowed?
What are the additional charges for a SWIFT transfer?
consequences to actions
Set a reminder for 15 minutes to change laundry loads
how do you spell the word comity, i need to know
are there any cooking classes nearby my area
How old is Rihanna?
by what name do you refer to me
Add lunch meetings at noon every day this week.
What's the current exchange rate for the euro against USD?
how can i make my own doughnuts/what ingredients
Post birthday greetings to friends on facebook whose birthday is today.
confirm the alarm time
can you explain me further on what you've said please.
how long to get to work
I don't like this song
Do I need to wear a coat tomorrow when I leave for work?
what did i do with my phone
you didn't say my name right.
I am waiting patiently for a week now for the seller to get back to me and there has been no response, could you please help me further with getting my money back.  Thank you.
I want to hear Snow by Red Hot Chili Peppers
Why was my request for cash declined?
My card does not work
what do people find funny about food
Is there a way to obtain a virtual card?
Create a new list by 12noon tomorrow.
Where are you present globally?
delete the next event in the calendar
Cash I didn't get shows in my app.
My card stopped working. How do I check if there is a freeze on it?
whats pesos australian dollars in 20
Why was my card payment reversed?
2AM REMOVED 4PM SET
I don't see the verification code for my card transfer.
Change lights from red to blue
next payday
what am i up to this weekend
How were trebuchets built?
i want to hear my vaporwave playlist
A transaction shows duplicate times.
please describe an elephant to me
are my tires full or low
cross out bread from shopping list
taxi uber
get a uber for two to go to a romantic dinner at mcdonalds
I noticed additional charges when transferring?
olly please would you shut down.
Why can't I see my funds after I topped up?
I tried to get cash out of the ATM but it is taking too long
could you explain me further on your answers please.
I lost my card. Can you help me?
I made a bank transfer earlier from my UK account.  I don't see it yet, can you check the status?
s2, i am not so clear about your answers.
Which outlets accept my card?
keep that song for when I need cheering up
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at the seven dwarves for peter
Is it raining?
what number of pto days do i have left
i want to change your name to sarah
when is my next appointment and who do i contact to reschedule
Mark on my calender
Can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup?
Send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
clarify me about what you've just said once again please.
are there any events on my calendar for this week
Don't ever play x list again
what alarms do i have set for thursday
Turn the lights off in the living room.
What is the status of my top up?
Can I order a card?
I was trying to purchase some crypto and the app won't allow me to do it. What's the deal with this? I really wanted to complete the exchange.
Why was my account deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
Why did you charge a fee when I withdrew from an ATM?
what is the apr on my chase freedom card
how's the traffic downtown
can you please confirm detail.
start new list
set an alarm for 5:30
what was the last thing you said to me.
The machine only paid me a hundred when I wanted 20
who is the one who programmed you
control lights turn off room lights
what is new
can you help me solve a math problem
what was the date when the plum street temple in cincinnati ohio was built
how hot are summers in gibraltar
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
my credit is going down what should i do
turn off my wifi
how we can get credit
play the radio station rock one hundred and eight
Where in the app do I go to verify my identity?
Can you tell me about the exchange fee?
My account balance has not updated since I deposited a cheque recently.
what is the spelling of potato
can i order take out from licari's
let me know how many disposable cards I can have?
How do I enable contactless pay?
Olly, what was Tom Cruise's last starring role?
What's the name of the piece you are playing?
tell me if i am able to rollover my 401k
what hobbies do you have
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
turn off smart socket
i need some ambiance please
Play Adele
revert back to factory settings
Is my calendar event right or wrong?
lower the lights please
Please remove the KICKBALL list from my contacts grouping.
Hi, I was just checking over my card transactions and notice I was charged twice for a restaurant visit this week. Can you please remove one of these false charges from my account?
What cards and currencies can I use to top up my account?
do you have any suggestions as to what i should cook for dinner
Review all alarms.
yeah you've gotten my instructions right.
Please send a new card; the ATM ate mine.
can you speak more slowly
Please provide me with the restrictions of the disposable cards.
npr ted talks
i need a naughty joke not to naughty though
what is the email sent by this contact read
can you get me a car rental for march 13th to 15th in nyc, and i'd like a convertible if possible
please let us try what you've said one more time again.
what timezone is chicago in
Tweet a complaint to Apple that their battery life is terrible
please tell me what the date is tomorrow
I get paid in GBP. Should I configure this and if so, where?
tell me the current weather for danville il
My card is just not working at this time.
my utility bill is coming due and i need a loan
My daughter needs an acount.
please be silent
it's useful,, olly.
When  is my lunch break?
i need to expedite my card
Why do I see an extra fee on my statement?
Why is the exchange rate so exorbitant? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
what day is our next free day on the calendar, please
what is the rate of interest on my savings account
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
Does it cost money to top up?
Please play justing bieber album
is mr pizza on skip the dishes
is there any events are in the local area
what appointments do i have on thursday the 14th
Can you reserve a train ticket for this day?
Delete all of my account information and my account right now.
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that in reality I didn't make. Maybe someone has access to my card?Can you check whats the issue ?
Why would my beneficiary not be allowed?
please make me a cappuccino
desk lamp one off
how much did i spend on my most recent transaction
i've waited 2 days for a transfer to reach a retailers account, am i going to have to wait longer.
can you make a note for my next oil change
could you speak the last utterance said once more.
There was a purchase on my card recently to a name that I don't recognize at all. What can be done about this? I need my money back.
have you heard anything back on my cc application
can you find the the preacher joe show on gospel radio
tell me latest election news
will this car run on the cheaper gas
What are the traffic conditions currently.
Its been 3 days, How long will my transfer take to get to my wallet?
My balance was not updated after transferring money.
My payment has been declined several times.  Can you help me?
please could you tell me one more time again.
what's my take home from work
do i need a visa for south korea
i need a time update on the applebees trip
open music player settings
list local ongoing exhibitions
what is the current exchange rate of euro to dollar
how many kilos are in 25 pounds
When can I expect delivery?
who won the sports game last night
Can you help me get Top Up to work in the Apple Pay function?
you are so helpful, thank you so much.
I need a new card since my old one is about to expire.
is it going to snow
Let's listen to a playlist.
turn the lights down
What's the best way to use a cheque to top up?
i want to know how to change my oil
that doesn't matter with me.
object identifier
Are there cash machines where I can change my PIN?
I don't think my top up worked
I made a deposit of cash and check that has not been added to my balance.
how is the weather in utah right now
Can you tell me how to get my card on the app?
search for the nearest atm to newark penn station, newark in new jersey
is it okay to use butter instead of margarine
I have tried to submit a transfer a couple of times now, and for some reason, it continues to be unsuccessful. Do you know why this may be?
I want to send a tweet to United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
what are the steps to set up direct deposit to my chase account
please help me find my lost phone
Play the sports station
Can you explain the transfer fee to me?
solution for eighty one divided by nine
start audio playback of twilight again
Please help! I need a refund on a transaction on something I bought and I need the refund right away!
Up the volume, the sound is too low
What is the source of my money?
Some of my card payments look different than where I purchased products from. Why is that?
can you remind my next meeting with my boss, one hour before it will happen?
why is my bank account blocking me
when you go to germany, do you need a special converter for your plugs
Why did my money disappear when I topped up??
abort the current action
what are united's carry-on rules
Is there a charge for a physical card?
provide me the name of who programmed you
can i get a w2 form online
Play me some jazz.
what kind of insurance plan am i in
What fiat currencies are used for holdings?
please remove the alarm set for wednesday called kickball
does this place do takeaway
good answer, thanks for providing it
What is the departure time for the next train leaving New York City?
My transfer didn't arrive to the recipient
Turn on the radio and play channel 106.9
what time is it in the central standard timezone
please remove the alarm which i set for today morning
did you get command correctly?
What kind of security protects my money?
what do you do when you're not working, for fun
would you check the details please.
i have activity on my bank of america card i don't recognize
I am sure I have plenty of money to transfer but my transfer is being declined.
turn off lights of kitchen
new twitter message
i'd like you check and confirm detail please.
How is the weather right now?
I heard you have virtual cards. How do I get one?
How do I top up my account using transfer?
what does joke mean
Can you  tell me how to get AUD not GBP?
what's my limit on my visa card
please explain space
please search for dining tables
lower the lighting
what is the correct spelling of judgment
ticket for delhi
I made a transfer recently but it has not changed on my dashboard.
Please tell me the main points of my 2:00 meeting from this afternoon.
your family
open the two towers and play
where does fred work
Where is the auto top-up option?
passcode retrieval
Why am I being charged a fee for transferring money?
Hello, I tried to take some cash out of the ATM but I looked at my statement and it still shows that it's pending. Is the machine broken? Will I receive my money back or will I be charged for this?
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE FM STATION WHICH PLAYS POPSONGS.
delete sherlock holmes from library
I don't know my password
Can you send me the actual card?
complain for cheating
Raise lights to full power
The exchange rate was wrong?
Play the next episode of Max's podcast
has my mastercard application gone through the process
do you know if my amex card app went through
how many birthday's are on twenty third
Would like to use my card and need to activate it first.  Can you help me do this?
where can i eat along route sixty six
i'm hungry, where should i go
Why is there a fee added to my statement?
Length of traffice?
What is the reason for this fee I got after a simple cash withdrawal?
I need to add an event on May 5th 2017 location Goshen for Danny's Graduation Party.
Is there a  way to  get around fees
i dont recognise some of these transactions, i think someone has my card details
tweet to consumer service that they should strive to be more accommodating
Can I use this app to change dollars into euros?
annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food
order a smoked meat platter from beanos
what is the definition of forensic
Is there a tracking number for the card you sent me?
what'll this car do for gas mileage on the open road
no, you gave me incorrect information.
What is the geographic info of a pop singer Rahman
Are there any charges for using a bank card to top up
can you overnight me a few checkbooks
does not matter.
what time does the train depart from downtown los angeles to santa barbara
call tom
Change the color of the lights to blue
What are my payment options for topping off my account?
delete that item
I am having trouble withdrawing cash.
can you check my credit score
confirm my reservation for march 12 at 9:00 am
is there a traffic jam on my route
increase the volume of the music to ninety
resume the audiobook i listened to last
how long is the ride to phoenix
tell me if anything important is happening on social media today
Olly, get me a local restaurant.
Help, my phone was stolen, please advise!
how much is $1 usd in euros
can I use it in any country?
What exchange rate do you use?
can you book a meeting room for friday at 9:00 am
what is the exchange rate of us dollar today for rupee
how can i adjust the spoken language
how long until my oil needs to be changed
are there any good chinese restaurants open right now
I want a reminder for an editor's meeting at 2 pm Thursday.
mailing a new card to me takes how long
I was able to find my card. How to I go about putting it into my app?
what's the letters in 'you' word like
hey, how are you?
oh no, you did not get me.
who invented you
Give me a classical radio station.
Can you tell me the current time in Dallas, Texas?
what is available in your stock of lists
PDA how is traffic?
olly can you shut up please.
is any type of gas ok on this car
can i make a transfer between my accounts
pleas replay to the mail of Allen
please give me detail of one yen equals dollar
could you make me a reminder to do the floors
nutritional information for celery
Where can I located the auto-top up option?
Whats the current weather?
what's my tax rate
yeah your understanding is good.
what train stations close to me also sell tickets
yeah perfect response to command.
My card's expiring a month from now, should I place an order for the new card?
I need to make my card PIN a different number
compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better
resume the audiobook i listened to last
List things on my list.
A debit came through that I need to dispute.
what price is my credit card and my water bill at
Create an event for me at 3:30 pm
My app says that I received cash from an ATM and I didn't.
delete all details in event
My refund for a purchase hasn't  cone through yet.
i wanna know when i was paid last
mark this song as a favorite
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
PDA, how is the news media reacting to Trump's potential ties with Russia?
Cricket/live scorecards
THIS SONG IS AMAZING, IS NOT IT ?
There is a cash withdrawl I don't remember.
ATM still has my card
i need more checkbooks delivered to me by mail
delete the meeting alarm at two pm on tuesday
initiate classical music.
call domino's pizza
describe a workhouse for me
what am i supposed to be doing today
tell me if opening a new account will decrease my credit score
any good bike shops in oxford
can you find out if my application at smith bank was approved or not  i applied for s credit card a month ago
can you check the status of my credit card application
switch on the radio
remove the last item
Send the following email to my sister
can you get me a table for 4 at steve's
tell me the date today
Can I use this account to receive my salary?
Help me.  My card doesn't work.
Which ATMs accept this circuit board ?
where are some good thai restaurants in las vegas
Why is my physical card not working?
On my app I can see that a direct debit payment that I didn't do, appears.
What is happening on Facebook?
i must know my visa card's apr
will my 401k rollover
s2, can not get your response.
how high is my credit limit for my citigroup card
erase shopping list
bbc
show me the current traffic nearby me
turn off the closet light
Where can I get money from my card?
has my package been sent
how much is ten u. s. d. to cad
my luggage has been misplaced
query
home town weather
tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet
this weeks events
I'm going on holiday to France for 6 weeks with my family and the cat, Fluffy.  I just purchased €10,000 from a currency exchange to ensure we don't run short but there appears to be a fee.  What is this for?
provide a joke
tell my bank i'm going to france
change the light to pink color
turn off lights in all bathrooms
humor me
what information do you have on file in my information about bill
start my most recently played podcast
i really need to find the interest rate for my checking account
what's going on on fb
what's the status of my vacation days
The app passcode has completely slipped my mind.
make me a new checklist
please play only songs from the genre rap in my playlist
who built the prado museum
Somebody used my card to make a purchase
would you reset please.
show local events
just wanted to say hi
convert 1 pound to US dollar
What event do you suggest for me tonight
initialize the robot vacuum
My non-physical card will not work
right.
How do I receive a disposable virtual card?
order a large plain pizza from mimo's for me
thanks but you're incorrect.
How long does it take to activate the card, as it does not look like its working?
inform motorola via tweet that their phones suck and my moto G five is not working properly
can you help me increase my credit limit
can you tell me a joke
what is the status of my refund
My payment's stuck on pending.
Why am I still waiting for a transfer?
can I see my work lists
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take that?
are you real or an ai
After reviewing my charges, I see I was charged a fee for a transfer I did, why?
My refund has not arrived, and I am unsure why. Who do I contact?
Is there a charge for getting more cards?
Can I use this to receive my salary?
how long will it take to drive to long beach
what is your age
I need a new card, my current card is nearly expired.
Verify my source of funds?
what's on my agenda for tomorrow
Can I exchange my money for EUR?
do i have more than $100 in my pnc account
find me a ride to the mall of america please
yes amazing response.
how should i add money to my card
I would like an account for my children, how do I go about doing this?
i want to finally read the mars trilogy
please check and confirm what said.
what's the balance of my bank accounts
how much money have i spent on groceries recently
Play my favorite song from last year.
do not mind to select any one.
who do i contact about updating my insurance
i am unclear about the last sentence.
Where can I go to find out how to verify my identity?
may you repeat what you said again
what are the chances of the stock market closing below the two hundred moving average in the next fourteen days
Remind me to get the oil changed
Email the message Hi come down for dinner tonight to Bro
please reserve an uber right now
How long will the $1 charge show as pending?
i would like to continue my audiobook
how do i apply for a barclay's card
How long does it take for a payment to change from pending?
how can i rent a car in boston
show me trivia about cats
how long is the walk from nyack to valley cottage
Play most recent podcast upload.
yeah
Can I withdraw money from another bank and transfer it into my empty account?
Will I need a new card or can I put my old card back into the app?
I received a message from a seller stating they hadn't received my money even though it definitely came out of my account. The money has now been deposited back into my account. Please get this resolved as soon as possible.
when should i change my car oil
can you tell me why walmart declined my card
cancel it
please show today meting with clients
i need for you to skip this song
what does life mean to you
Notification regarding the new movie releases
what does settle mean
ATM still has my card
Can you help me transfer money into my friend's bank account? I tried to do it but it keeps rejecting me. I need to get the money in there asap. I have enough and all the account info is correct.
I like alt rock music.
write a tweet to this company
hi google do i receive ny new emails
Could you tell me more about XXX?
how's it going?
play station gx in the radio
show me my alarms i have set
add that song to my top ten favorites list
can i maybe apply for a new card
Please delete the shopping list.
I need to cancel my recent transfer. I made a mistake. Please help quickly before the transfer goes through.
what does the analysts say about the new immigration policies
why thank you
Where do my available funds come from?
show me the reminders
My transfers keep on getting declined. My card was working fine up until now, however it has suddenly stopped working. Why is this?
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
Why am I missing my refund
Ex that
yes the command is confirmed.
tell me when my mastercard bill should be paid
olly call a uber in 30 minutes
do you know where my phone is
unset all alarm which is set
how long is the walk from nyack to valley cottage
How much is 22USD in euros
yeah excellent.
how many days of pto have i used
is there a recipe for chili i can use
give description of statue of liberty
where do i go to view the interest rate on my brighton account
tweet the current temperature
If I need to cash foreign transfers, how does that work?
do i need a visa if i go there
Clear every single event from my entire calendar.
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
What places can I use my card?
What is the current traffic situation
will you say what you have just said once more please.
what is piramid
My card payment is showing pending.
Get rid of everything on my calendar
i have to make a phone call
Start Roomba.
play this audiobook
what is the shipping status of my replacement card
I like songs from 90s
Hold
how does the traffic look on my way to work right now
create new contact
I was trying to use my virtual card at a merchant and it was rejected. How can I fix this?
find restaurant order food name
Why am I being charged a fee on a card payment?
send an email to emma
i want some curry to go, any recommendations olly?
Please Alexa tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic Narendra Modi
will you please check and confirm the detail.
Why has my card been charged an extra pound?
Is my PIN recorded anywhere?
i want you to disconnect from my phone
what alarms do i have set for today
Whats the minimum age to have an account
i'm out of toilet paper so will you put that on my shopping list
How old is Dolly Parton?
sorry but i think that's not the correct answer.
olly how do you BBQ chicken
what do i have on my calendar for march 2
Alexa, Play my favorites.
what locations of applebee's take reservations
you have done it correctly thank you very much.
Hey Olly, can you please make me a creamy coffee?
I see cash withdrawal activity in the app that is not mine.
I Submitted a cheque couple of days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.What could be the possible issue?
Make a reply to the email which Robert sent today morning.
can you please create a list for me
headline news for texas
calculate the travel time if i go to orlando by train
10 day forecast
how can i make my credit score better
switch lights to dim red
turn on the radio to 105.3
Show me where to order my card.
What is going on with my cash deposit. I'm looking at my account balance and it is not there. It has been almost a week. Someone better get back to me asap.
Is it going to rain on Monday?
Whats new in my email inbox?
tell me what the date will be in 5 days
When will my pending payment finish?
turn on a country music station
Tennis
can you tell me a nice joke
how high is my credit limit for my chase card
What do pink ribbons support?
Why is there an extra pound charge that is pending?
Are there new emails in my inbox?
i can't make up my mind
My statement has a dollar I have been charged showing up on it.
Tell me what I should do after my card expires.
I want to get hourly notification on financial news
it's cool, thank you so much.
set alarm for noon
How do I get my card into the app?
you helped a lot, thank you very much, olly.
what is the time in canada now
Is there a way to change my PIN without having to go to the bank?
i need to know what the visa card credit limit is
when are my meetings today between noon and one
i want whisper mode
how many miles until i change my tires
do the knicks have a game at home tonight
please check and confirm the command.
Tweet Macy's a complaint about their sales clerk.
show me my events
Alexa, Turn the lights down to 7
unsync yourself from my device
Can you tell me about the Middle East
how many days so far have i taken off
can you tell me what my may 1st will be like according to my calendar
What's the latest?
can you call my cellphone
how much does the fb stock cost
Unsure how to provide my identity.
Ok Google, play FMOD
show map
no, that's not the correct command.
I want to listen to ... podcast
what's your home town
Am I free to top-up as much as I want?
I don't know where this transaction came from?
turn on wemo plug in game room
is there anything happening on jazz scene around Edinburgh?
please add note to this file good tune
when do i need to change my tires again
i appreciate answers.
Is Steph Curry married?
if it is from a very familiar place mark it as important
didn't understand your answers.
i would like my to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
i would like to know where i can find my w2 for tax reasons
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
would not really mind for any one, olly.
PDA tell me how to stretch before running.
what's in my list of tasks
I can't remember my app code, can you reset it?
what do you use when you make a chef's salad
will i be notified when my application has been processed
yeap correcly.
Please open my FM radio and play 98.7.
nope, i didn't say this.
are there any meetings set for next wednesday
I understand that this is extremely late. After going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a large charge that I'm sure I did not make. Is there anyway I can still dispute this?
Price
I need someone to find out where my money has gone to? It has disappeared. I completed a top up earlier and seen it had went through. Since it has now disappeared I need to know what's going on.
make a new list for me
what is the current stock rate of facebook
Give me the time in Phoenix, AZ
my checking account needs a new pin number
Ill take my coffee, black Olly.
it's useful, thank you very much.
what is amber stevens address it is in my contacts
recommend me some shops to shopping in angel
I don't think the transaction has gone through, so can I cancel a transfer?
Where do I go to unblock my PIN?
Help! I think someone has made a cash withdrawal with my card!
could you clarify further on what you said now to me please.
i'd like to know how much gas is left
delete list
what words would i use to tell someone i am lost if i were japanese
is it possible for you to use the whisper voice
I've tried looking for the auto-top up option on your website and I can't seem to find it. Can you help me?
any one will be ok for me.
How will I get my card?
Is my golf game going to get rained out?
When will I get a virtual card? I haven't gotten one yet
alexa is the largest ocean in the world the pacific?
I can't get the ATM to give me any cash
Set a timer at 5 Am 7 days a week
Does this program take SWIFT transfers?
where do i find out about exchange fees
i must say no
wait, this is not the right command.
The balance hasn't changed yet after depositing a cheque with some money.
name this song, please
will you check and confirm instruction.
How do I change currencies to euros?
please negative response tweet on daikin service
How long does it take to process transfers from Europe?
what's the apr on my credit card
dim the lights down a bit
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
call and order pizza for delivery
I think a card payment I made was cancelled, can you check?
what is that one more time again.
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
Olly brew my coffee
olly that's enough, stop.
i need you to speak faster
snooze
has tom emailed me about ammunition
please order an iphone7 for me
when am i due for a tire change
How is top-up verified?
When I use my card, it says decline?
please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
repeat the last song again
is calendar event true
is there a way to get a larger limit on my bank of america card
give me the time
play country radio
Turn lights blue
What happened on the walking dead.
yeap fantastic.
i want to know if i will be safe if i travel to europe
Is it necessary to verify my top up?
could you try what you just said one more again.
Can you play kxly for me?
would you understand me if i speak to you in navajo
what is the us dollar equivalent of one euro
it's great.
brighten lights in living room
Switch wemo plug socket off
The ATM didn't give me the full requested amount
recommend pub in eighth and monte diablo
show weather
play the next podcast episode
you must connect to my phone
can i make reservations at applebee's or no
the transfer went through but now it has been pending for quite a while. i need this to go through already
Can I have a mastercard?
Tell me quotes that have to do with love
I would like to use this cheque to top up.  Can you tell me how to do that?
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
dial lisa's cell phone number
please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at nine
please inform me of the types of subjects are you familiar with
how does production and population affects us
is my vacation approved
start podcast
i need to get the interest rate of my savings account
has there been any changes in the status of my credit card application
Play Taylor Swift
what a sunny day
what is the date of your birth
please activate my vacuum to clean the living room
will you please shut off.
<unk>
what's the address for alex
tell me some fun tourist attractions in london
add current song to rock playlist
What is the exchange fee?
that's true
does shibaru sushi deliver
tell me why I was charged more with my card?
Have I got any new emails
ask if deliver
Can my PIN changed remotely without visiting a bank?
i want a hotel room for 6 from the 1st through the 3rd in seattle
i bent my card, can you report it to my bank
please elaborate once again to me.
My phone was stolen, what do I do?
Show me tomorrow weather of mumbai
yeah excellent.
can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour
I think someone stole my card number and brought stuff in different places that I have never been to. I need to suspend any further purchase on my credit card.
What is the minimum age limit?
list entry
I can't get any money from my account.
My card is missing.
can you tell me the next scheduled event
Olly, book me an uber, please.
prepare the order as soon as possible
share my gps coordinates with my mother
I want to shut down my account as soon as possible.
tell me formula for area of circle
The app doesn't recognize me.
Turn on the radio on this channel
where was marlon brando born
create new contact
Where can I see the refund in my account
time in chicago
Can you tell my why my funds transfer did not work properly?
what type of fuel is used for this vehicle
My PIN is not working, can you help?
play a podcast about latest yoga videos
Are there any places that won't take my card?
A transfer to an account was not allowed
Hello I have a UK account.  Can you please check if everything is alright with it?  I made a transfer a couple hours ago but it doesn't show up yet.
when will i get my order
can you find what my credit score is
Please block off Friday at 8 am on my calendar.
Change the lights in my home to orange.
Tell me something interesting on the message list
remind me of my twelve oclock meeting by eleven thirty
which gas would be best
is there any chinese places in benton ar
stock price of goog
Please provide the contents of the list
I've tried completing a very standard transfer and have already attempted it 5 times. What's going on here? Is there a problem with your system?
Do you charge extra for duplicate cards?
what is the rate for g. b. p. to u. s. d.
PDA please search for events near me
Would you play some music please?
tell me how to make garlic bread
When is my food going to be here?
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
What is the highest amount I can top-up?
6 sided dice roll
can you make reservations at hodak's
what is one fun fact
The funds I transferred are not in my account
Can I get my card fast tracked?
what is today's date
The balance hasn't changed yet after depositing a cheque with some money.
Can you suggest a good drama for me to watch?
the ac is set to what right now
could you confirm what i just said please.
I have an appointment tommorrow, remind me
what is the calorie content in bananas
What are the stats of x?
what is the colour of your pets
tell me if i can get a higher limit on my visa
can you play file
would you like to tell me a joke
yeah correct response.
What do I have to do to get my PIN unblocked?
what's my schedule like for thursday the 14th
Olly save all the songs i have listened to more than once
I haven't been able to complete any transactions on my card today. Do you know what's wrong?
can you confirm what last said please.
Echo clean out my calendar delete everything.
will you replay please.
i wanna know some things to do in phoenix
How much to buy stock in IBM?
Ok Google, what's the best business to get into right now
Anytime I've made an ATM withdrawal before it has always been free. I now say that I have been charged for my most recent ATM withdrawal. What's going on here?
Why did my cash deposit not show up?
change this time zone to washington
remove my shopping list
how would you define a car
What do I do with my "decline" message on a transfer?
how do i cook a pasta
Search earliest trains too Brooklyn, NY weekends and holidays
How old is Rod Stewart?
would you freeze my bank account
yeap it's confirmed.
I needed $100 but all it gave me was $20.
what movies are playing in columbia
Is Chuck Berry dead?
book a train ticket for an eight am ride to charleston west virginia
Can you really see Russia from Alaska?
What is the square root of 4 ?
what is my spending limit on my chase sapphire card
make the ceiling lights brighter
how can I learn cooking?
make sure bread gets added to my shopping list
Enter new address in email form.
Tell me about the meetings over a period of time
There is a payment showing that I know I didn't make. I didn't use my card that day and I'm sure of it. Can you please cancel that transaction and return my money? Thankyou
how much would it cost to buy a share of target
Are there charges for topping up US cards?
make a laundry setting for the volume at twenty
change name for me
Could you please confirm if paradise does takeaway
Why is the payment on my card still pending?
What is the best sports bar with vegetarian options in LA?
Yesterday my phone was stolen from me :( What do i need to do about it?
Please provide me with the restrictions of the disposable cards.
I tried activating my card and it doesn't work how do I solve this problem?
raise lights to full power
do i have any appointments coming up
Where do I locate topping up with cash.
s2, i didn't catch up with you.
how long can i keep beef in the freezer for before it gets nasty
tell me when my next paycheck will arrive
what would you like to call me
How long will it take for my transfer to arrive?
can i order out
begin radio play
is my card PIN saved in the app
I didn't enjoy my tutor session and want a refund back. How do I go about doing this?
set volume to zero
how do i redirect my 401k
it's great one, olly.
i need to book a flight on jet blue to boston from new york
Hey i need help urgently. I just realised I sent my payment to the wrong account number, there is a typo! Please cancel it immediately, I can't do it anymore from the app
how come when i got cash the exchange rate was different than it should be
Is there a reason a payment is showing complete on my side but the person who is receiving it has not gotten it?
When is my balance going to update, I just transferred some money
how many rewards points do i have for my amazon card
look up for the residential address of my team leader
can you cancel
adjust sound
buy me a ticket to boston
what are the new movies releasing
you rock, i appreciate it.
decrease your decibel level
my luggage was lost so what do i do
turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my dongle
make an order for noodles one pack make it as takeaway order
disable alarm for three pm
can you tell me what my tire pressure is
i would like you cancel it.
ah that was great work.
any one is okay to me.
I wanted to transfer money to another account, but now I don't have to so I'd like to cancel said transfer. How can I do that?
is there any grocery nearby
There is a mysterious debit transaction on my statement
Remove next event in calendar
what is trending on twitter
whisper mode off
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
unsupported transfer declined
I no longer need the daily 5pm alarm.
what's the best way to pay my bill
give me red lights
I can't figure out why a transfer is still pending?
mobile device explanation
How do I exchange currencies using the app?
Is there any way for you to find my card?
I received my card, how do I get it to show in the app?
Hello. I tried doing a topup and I thought it worked, but now the money is no longer in my account. Can you explain?
who do you do task for
How do I get my disposable virtual card to work?
Why is there a fee for withdrawing?
can you please check command.
someone misused my card and put fraudulent transactions on it
drive the car and bring my friends over
how is the traffic in florida
Why is there an extra charge for money that was withdrawn?
if i take this bus, how long until i get to brooklyn
Where is the money I pushed it's on my mobile app as being withdrawn.
what is trump's approval rating
Why have I been charged an extra £1?
can i have the expiration date for my capital one card
once again explain your answer.
is my reminder alarm set for dance class
s2, i could not quite catch up with you.
Are there any specific ATMs that this card can be used at?
Add to calendar an office meeting for the next three days
New message to newmail@gmail.com
could you shut up.
Hey, Do you have Home delivery?
MY transfer has still not appeared.
what are amd stock prices
I have a meeting tomorrow at 2pm with John, put that in my calendar.
Is there a way to obtain a virtual card?
I am unable to hear you, can you speak little loud?
When will the money be made available in my account?
Will my employer be able to pay me with this service
get me info on my mpg
please clarify me more on this.
does pf changs accept takeout orders
show my transactions
who should i contact if my refund doesn't go through?
how are you today
let us try again.
what is the city mpg for this car
what's the closing price of abc
where should i report a damaged card
i would like to see the transactions i made last week
Anything interesting in the news today?
further explain me on the last sentence please.
Can someone assist me with explaining how I can unblock my pin?
set an alarm at 10:00AM tomorrow and label it as meeting.
what's on my meeting schedule today
Where do I look for cash top up?
i want to mute the speaker
what must i pay, at a minimum, on my verizon bill
make a laundry setting for the volume at twenty
Can I pay online with my card?
i am sorry but this was not the right command.
Where is the food festival tonight
I am here to change my adress.
Is there a longer processing time for international bank transfers?
change the lights to red
Can anyone else top-up for me?
is it possible for you to schedule a meeting for 3:00 on wednesday
Why did my top-up not work?
it's not what i was searching for.
Add work email address
European bank card for top up will come with any extra fees?
do i need a visa to spain
i need coffee please preferably hot
I just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago
is it okay to use applesauce instead of oil
how old is mary s.
what is the definition of problematic
Will I be charged a fee for topping up using a European card?
what is the wait supposed to be at zippys
alert me at ten am please
hey can you make it blue in here
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
make sure there is no events on my calendar
Search for the latest news about Iphone
michael jackson family background
Could I chose the date to have it delivered?
song next please
what lists are in my notebook
Please clear out my calendar completely.
are there any good hotels in salem
I was supposed to get a refund but it is not showing up on my card
please let me know the what raj's status update in facebook
yes right response.
what's the title of this track
Change my alarms to Mountain time
tweet complaint to amazon products
Can my salary be received here?
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
Play sec01 music from good playlist
i am not so clear about the last sentence.
According to the app, I got cash from an ATM but I haven't made any transactions.
set up an alarm to remind me to give my cat her flea medicine
what kind of free activities can i do locally this week
What is the importance of verifying the top-up?
it must be mistake.
The ATM I'm standing in front of only gave me 10 pounds rather than the 30 pounds I wanted. The app shows I took out 30 pounds also. What do I need to do to fix this?
Instruct me how to reset the passcode.
Why hasn't my recipient received their money?
quick meals
audio on
play pride and prejudice
wonderful response to command.
I forgot my phone at the hotel, so I can't access the app.
cancel all my appointments
update my list with shoes
please find out the expiration date for my credit card
decrease brightness
how much to get my card in 2 days?
put pencil on a new grocery list
can i make your name different
are there any travel alerts for north korea
wemo on
order a pizza with sausage from domino's
which teams are playing this weekend
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
is the bill due today
set my alarm for 6am tomorrow
I noticed my card was used in a small town that I have never been to. Can you stop the card from being used more?
What types of currencies do you accept?
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
send an email for me
Quiet time
I thought you guys offered free transfers. Why was I charged?
things to do in my area
are there a lot of calories in muffins
what are the train times from san francisco to new york
Who are the top-5 all-time NHL goal scorers?
remove a list of employees
Why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
please explain me more on your answers.
Do you want to hear what have happened today?
Why did the cash deposit not show up in my account?
Why has my top up not gone through yet?
can you play back to december
please explain me more on what you've just said.
please turn down the lights in the house
make a room darker
How do I get to Poughkeepsie from NYC?
send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it apologize for being late
Is my card activated?
how many vacation days have i taken
search the contact
i want to change what accent you use
make the lights a different color
How do my friends top up my account
I would like to hear my lists.
There is a payment showing on my app that I didn't do. Will you please cancel this payment and refund my money ?
What steps do I take to receive another passcode?
i need you to be quiet until tomorrow
i'd like to just confirm all of the reminders currently on my list of reminders, please
Direct me towards nearest railway station.
I believe my card has been compromised because of a strange withdrawal
tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
send an email and save the contact information for samuelwaters@hotmail dot com
please explain me about your words once again.
I haven't used my card all day but there is a payment showing in the app. Please cancel it!
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
My morning transaction needs to be canceled.
can you give me the latest sports news
Can you issue both a Visa and a Mastercard to me?
what is the time difference between california and new york
give me my credit score
give me election updates
i don't get this.
Do I have anything going on Saturday at 5pm?
cleaning is good, dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
how do i use my card reward points for my next flight
How do I change my card PIN?
Pawel, prepare the meeting with XXX
Call a call for me to where I am currently located.
how long can i keep bison in the freezer for before it spoils
i need to know what song this is
I want to return an item.
tell me how to apply for a visa card
do i need to apply for a travel visa if i am going to bermuda
i need to know when i was paid last
can you slow down how fast you talk
Hey PDA, What are my lists?
Should I keep waiting for my card to be delivered?
is it true the gym is seven miles away
What is the latest news on the Health Care Reform?
will it be long to get to the sky harbor airport
Please turn bedroom lights off.
where is the list of my insurance benefits
please tell me all the items on my to do list right now
i bought the wrong size and would like a refund
go to social media and post the following status
i like you cancel.
tell me what is next on my query
Why has my card been charged an extra pound?
can you tell me what twenty five percent of two thousand one hundred is
delete lunch tomorrow
i should use what kind of oil and can you help me change it
I want to use my card. How do I activate it?
what's june's address nowadays
what are my engagements?
How do I reset my passcode?
i need to know what i spend on utilities for the last year
olly that is all, just stop it.
can you tell me the nearest restaurant to me and give me directions
Skip song  continue playlist.
i want to see the nutritional content of the hamburger
dim the garden light by half
Alexa, remove the event from Monday.
Why was my payment cancelled?
am i free on sunday day
Is auto top up available?
Is there a reason to why I was charged twice for a transaction?
what time is it in karachi right now
turn up your speaker volume
what can i get for 10 usd in cad
how long should i cook chicken thighs
thanks but i think you do not understand this right.
it's great one, thank you very much.
What is the latest on Donald Trump
can i use my credit card points for gas
Shut off the lights in the kitchen
your age
i'd like to reset to factory settings
book a taxi for tomorrow morning
i was at sears trying to buy clothes and my card got declined
go to factory settings
When will the transfer go through?
turn off lights in bathroom
Please remind me at 8'O clock
Some cash shows up on my app.
please set my alarm clock for eight am
listen to next song on playlist
whisper for me
Could you tell me why my cash withdrawal was declined?
Read about Mary S
delete last item listed
Looks like my card payment was duplicated. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Does it cost extra to exchange foreign currencies?
Please explain to me the circumstances in which my card payment would be reverted?
inform my bank i will travel to brazil from june 1st to july 1st
What is the weather like in Iowa.
I tried taking money from the ATM but no money came out, but the transaction is still pending? How is this possible?
prepare a new list
please confirm it.
what is the earliest date i can get my new card
How many miles from one end of the U.S to the other from East to West?
where were you processed
I want to see the twitter handler of Sony
how do i locate when my gas bill is do
how's the stock for exxon mobil doing today
can you get me a table for 4 at red lobster at 8pm
show stock price of goog
did you grow up here
What kind of fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
Twitter to destination XL that they run out of sizes too fast.
I have been travelling overseas and I need to change my PIN. Can you tell me how this is done?
i didn't catch up with you.
get status changed in social media
My funds are low, can I auto top up?
Where did your guys exchange rates come from?
what are new drama movies opening this weekend
I may no longer need GBP, but instead I will need AUD, how can I go about making this change?
find a decent rental care for next week at the philadelphia airport
what the heck, where's my luggage!
why have I got a pending transfer? I'm confused!!
i will be calling hr
Can you help me sign up for a virtual card?
suggest some restaurants
Why has my top up been cancelled
PDA, has my calendar been update in the last 10 minutes?
How much money in US would I need to have a thousand pesos?
tell me if boston restaurant has good reviews
when will the clothes i ordered online arrive
How do I receive money from someone?
i accidentally put my credit card in the shredder
find me a description of morel mushrooms
complain about walmart service
remove my grocery list
The ATM didn't give me enough money.
What events near here are happening this week?
can you just stop it please.
what's a cool and interesting thing about dogs
please play next episode of podcast
what is the day
newest world news
check if alarm is set for six am
have they recieved my vacation request and approved it
pause for ten seconds
how do i get a new card
Today I... (user begins speaking about day, this is logged by PDA)
how does my card's apr compare to others
new mail to mom
I needed some cash while abroad, and I'm pretty sure the wrong exchange rate was applied.
Can I get a new pin number at any ATM using my card?
Play my favorite podcast, please.
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti?
can you tell me how long it will take to cook a lasagna
Play me the most popular podcast on iTunes.
turn up media volume
roll this dice
Can I use a bank transfer to refill my account?
Where can I modify my details?
I can't use my virtual disposable card
Please check the traffic to the home
Hello, I tried to take some cash out of the ATM but I looked at my statement and it still shows that it's pending. Is the machine broken? Will I receive my money back or will I be charged for this?
book a business class seat on the next train to new york city
turn off the garage light
remove soccer list from notes
do they have takeout
How much money did Will Ferrel make for his last movie?
Why won't my virtual card work?
I do not need this anymore
Bring up the latest headlines from Huffpo.
Please, tell me why I can't have the funds I deposited a week ago? I need the money now.
you did the answer right.
What's going on in new york
this song is too good
Are there any concerts this week?
is this song ed sheeran
My card is showing multiple charges for the same items on my recent statement. I was wondering what actions of needed to take to fix this issue
Please turn the radio 97.3 FM
Could you tell me what your exchange rates are?
I tried to top up, but the funds show up as pending. I thought it was instant?
add event for date and time with these people
that's incorrect
Shut the living room lights.
How long does it take transfers from Europe to complete?
I think something is wrong with your top up.  I've been waiting a little over an hour for this to go through, can you send it through for me?
call dad
who sings this song
whats the recipe for oats cookie
Tell me your answer
Can I change my pin at ATMs?  If so, what ones?
Have I recieved any new emails?
roll that dice
i want you to reset to factory settings
what else is on the list
can save this music in my playlist
stop after current song
mute volume
run the vacuum
that is all.
Cash withdrawal has been pending, why is it so?
Do I need a jacket today?
I heard you have virtual cards. How do I get one?
How many Oceans are there in the world?
how much time it will take to prepare the order
Has the University of Greenwich emailed me
is the review ned's have good
has anyone looked at my mastercard application
Set a Thanks Giving event for Friday
What is the auto top up function and where can I find that at?
it doesn't really matter.
What reasons could cause my top up to be reverted
search for the nearest atm to newark penn station, newark in new jersey
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
I tried to use my debit card, but the payment did not work.
i wish to know my credit rating
can I use my card before identity verification?
do I have any reminders on my list?
tell me what is on the schedule for july seventh
turn off the wemo socket in the kitchen
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
shuffle the songs in the music library
i gotta change my pin number for my debit account
what's my irs bill going to look like
dim the lights in the bathroom
What is the square root of 9?
the intake of calories it it bad
Turn down volume twenty percent!
date with Love the next day
Mark tuesday for a meeting with John.
what ingredients do i use for pork belly
WHat is the difference between the rate of the American doller and the Pound
i need you to reserve a table for 6:00 pm for three at devon's seafood
can you hook up a meeting for 3:00 on wednesday
Olly, I need something fun to do this weekend nearby. Can you give me ideas?
i like jazz you should know
will the weather be bad on Sunday
post to facebook
i need to transfer ten dollars from my bank of america account to my capital one account
what time is boarding for my flight
which teams are playing today in the premier league
Post the following status to Facebook.
find me the local npr station
Can you help me reset my password?
what would you suggest for dinner
please cancel.
hey play crazy by britney spears
i wouldn't bother.
send 100 dollars from checking to savings
what is 20% of a thousand
add sam@gmail dot com to my contacts list
i have no checks and need to order new checks
Should I take an umberlla today?
hey siri clear my next appointment off of my calkendar
I wanted to know why there is a transfer of mine pending.
confirm the order and send me the confirmation
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
How many tries do I have to enter my pin before I'm blocked?
please would you check instruction.
what do i say when i report a split credit card
what's on my list
What are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
what is the electricity bill
When will the transfer be completed?
i need to know if i can put a pto request in for march 10 to march 12
Can you please book train tickets for 2, for this Friday.
can you please instruct me on the proper way to change the oil in my car
It didn't give me my cash
what am i listening to
Can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
How long does a European transfer take?
What should I do to get transactions off of my account if I didn't make them?  My card must have been compromised and I need to freeze it asap!
what hotel would you recommend in lakewood for 4 people from monday to wednesday
please tell me where to get the w2
order more checks
what is 4 x 4
Is Narendra Modi, the indian prime ministe rvisiting any country now
Can I reactivate my PIN?
any new emails for me
Is American Express accepted?
Tell me weather forecast
is 1005 divisible by 3
open lists remove list
Why did my transfer not work, it says it was declined?
delete an last event reminder of twenty ninth of march twenty seventeen
please rely on your original settings
My top up has been pending for an hour already, and I really need this to go through as soon as possible.  Can you help?
I tried paying with my disposable virtual card earlier but it was rejected. What can I do to fix this?
can you do algebra
set alarm at ten am
I know that I am able to make transfers for free.  That was something that I valued.  After I bought something online from abroad I noticed that I got charged a fee?  What is this and can it be removed?
How many alarms are currently on my phone
can you add gloria to my list of clients
will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend
lower the overhead lights
Compose an email to (name)
add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at seven am
what is going on today in biloxi
Remind me to call the bank next Thursday
i want to know my bill's minimum payment
do i have any meetings scheduled for today
How long does it take for pending to go through
will it be cold enough for mittens later tonight?
what happened to my cellphone
can you give me the newest phone number for bobby mcgee
what does circuitous mean
put out the lights
notify me an hour before my two pm appointment at the car dealership
s2, your words was not so clear to me.
search for a good nerd joke
I wanted to purchase something online but the payment was returned back to me. This has been going on for a couple of weeks. Please tell me what is going on here?
I wasn't able to use my card today when I went out for lunch. Wondering why that is?
is summer going on
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's going on with this, does someone has access to my card?!
go to calendar and schedule event
does my usaa card have international transaction fees
how can you get basalt
I made a bank transfer from my UK account today, but it's not showing.  Can you check status?
are there any recent emails from rohit?
tell david where i am
After I used my card I saw I was charged a fee for using it
Text Sarah if she is free for brunch today.
tell my facebook group that i've arrived
What's still on the list?
I don't live in the UK.  Can I still get a card?
Can you show me the directions to go Museum of flight in Seattle.
tell me about any travel alerts issued for germany
On a card top-up, where can I verify?
roll a dice that has seven sides
Can I get delivery from dominos?
PDA, send that email to James, please.
can you please turn off the light of my bed room
coffee please
i need the exchange rate between pounds and us dollars
give me time
can i order take out from licari's
Please tell me the news in Polk County, Florida.
turn off my wemo plug socket
Why was the exchange rate wrong when I got cash
how many shots do i need before i go to africa
that is a yes
Can you give me a weather report.
new messages
how old is betty white
is there anything happening in town this weekend
Why do you need to perform identity verification?
s1, could you once again clarify me on last sentence please.
clear all events in calender
goddammit.
What is the economic policy of trump
s2, do not understand that.
are there any ubers available in my area right now
please check and confirm command.
Tell me my list
please turn down the lights to fifty percent in the den
start my playlist
i am sorry but i think this was not the right command.
bring up a complaint form
play my favourite book .
My top up did not go through yet.
add a item
will my discover card ding me with transaction fees if i'm in aruba
I sent money to a person and they haven't received the payment yet.
make a grocery list please
set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning
are my tires aired properly
what's your recommendation for dining out tonight
I'm seeing a direct debit payment that is not me.
I need help finding the verification code for my top-up card.
Status of weather?
What currencies or cards do you support for topping up?
on the music player set the volume level at sixty
do you have an employer
can you tell me how i change my pin number
i want to order some pizza
tell me about the reviews for olive garden
what should i squirrel away to pay in taxes
nope, incorrect command.
i need an uber please
Can someone help with my passcode?
Create a new list, please
flip a coin heads or tails
recommend a movie playing in me area
tell me if my application has been processed yet, i signed up for a credit card recently
Olly, set lights to 20 percent
what is the credit limit
wake me up at four am
Are there any charges for European bank card for top up?
i can't remember my pin for my first national debit account
do i have any remaining pto days
My card gets rejected when I try to use it
PDA what's the time in Ottawa?
convert eight thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. five thirty
i want to see my entertainment transactions
my card has been erased and i need to report it
not a clue
Please help me, its urgent. Someone has withdrawn money from my account as few hours before my wallet has been. Now i want to stop withdrawal of more money.
check and see what will be the weather condition in New jersey, at 8 am tommorrow
call a uber in thirty minutes
Please enter in my calendar an appointment with Dr. Branden for this Friday at 6 pm.
Why aren't my payment funds available to me?
My account shows up as pending after I received cash from the ATM earlier.  How can this be still pending? I've got the cash already.
How long will it take to get my refund
remove the latest alarm
could you further rephrase me on this please.
music please
it was amazing, olly.
find the applicable timezone for austin
Tell me more about the scheduled events
There is a top up that has been pending for an hour and I don't know why.  I was expecting it immediately and need it now!
Is Pink recording a new album?
what's the gas mileage on a juke
doesn't really matter to me.
tell me the details of the music playing
Did the bitcoin go past 1000 mark yesterday? What is position of bitcoin as of now?
My cash deposit from a week ago hasn't shown up. I need the money - how quickly can you sort this out?
PDA: Would you please turn on the AM radio?
Who wrote the song that is playing?
How long to cats usually live?
Why am I getting a fee on a card payment?
i'd like to know about my health plan
when was the last date that i was paid
how much money is there in my bank accounts
can you tell me the types of pets you have
Why isn't the transfer to my account showing up?
text steve and tell him i am running late
if i have a dablune how many dollars is that
please activate the vacuum cleaner
yes get your understanding right.
What are the fees for using transfer to top off my account?
what is the date for tomorrow
get me the latest news in new delhi
what is the menu today, add some boiled vegetables also to it
i want a train ticket.
how much money will i make for the week if i make dollars per hour and work twenty hours
Myspace
start irobot
what is the emai i got from my girlfriend.
cancel all alarms
I did not get as much cash as I requested at the ATM.
olly could you shut down.
I checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller I didn't approve of. Can you help me understand?
convert one euros to us dollars
what can i do for fun under dollars around me
I cannot locate the verification code for my top-up card. Please help me.
what's on my reminder list today
What is the date Easter falls on?
Let's make some popcorn and watch an old movie together.
Why is my check still not showing up on my account? It's been a week already
I need this item refunded
can i use olive oil instead of butter
I would like to receive and use the card in Europe, is that possible?
Buy me a ticket to Boston.
get an uber to take me to my brother's house in mineola
Can you help me to quickly cancel a transaction I accidentally did to the wrong account?
check if there any new email.
the oven be set at 350
in my car, what's the fuel economy
that is unimportant to me, olly.
i'm looking for a flight from billings to cleveland on may 2 and a return on may 9
I want one of the virtual cards!
remove all upcoming events please
whats the name of the current song
What are the time frames for the money to be available in my account?
Remove sample meeting from calendar app
Do you have any top-up limits?
What's around me?
did i include butter in my shopping list
color of light should be dimmed bright
Play that podcast please.
what's the name of the piece you are playing
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
tell me if per se in nyc takes reservations
i need a train ticket to rome book ticket
is it possible for me to increase my credit limit by 500 dollars
What is the entrapreneur saying about homelessness in the Seattle Times article
turn the living room's light off
give me a traffic update
how is the climate.today
i think you're incorrect.
find stock price for name
how about you
It's eight at night in France, what time is it in New York?
find me an audio book version of ready player one and play it for me
I was getting some cash out of the ATM but it cancelled on me without warning.
use martins name to reserve a table at tropicana for 5 people at 8pm
Tune in some radio
tell me when it is five pm
Do I need to verify the top-up?
alexa start a match of chess
which songs do i listen to most
Can i receive transfers from my employer to this account?
please set a reminder for church services on sundays for eleven am
i need to know the date my next paycheck will be here
that's fantastic job, thank you so much, olly.
Why was my top-up rejected?
My package is taking too long to arrive and I don't want it anymore. Can I get a refund?
I tried my PIN too many times
really wouldn't mind.
book me a flight from midway to jfk for less than 200 dollars
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
Where can I use my Mastercard?
give the boys my location please
when is my alarm set for
Did I email Tom on the subject of gun control?
it was nice to converse with you
i did not hear you, please repeat
Assist me please with card activation.
Show me nearby takeout restuarants
A shop I go to didn't let me pay.
what is the present status of my credit card application
please remove an event from this calendar
uhh no, i think it was incorrect response.
My refund is not showing.
My money transfer has not yet occurred
i need your assistance to solve this math problem
delete last item listed
am i busy on Wednesday evening
Remove a list no 7.
change mountain standard to pacific
How is the weather where I am?
what's the current temperature outside
How will be the weather today in the evening
play any country music station
that's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
review all alarms
how big is the cosmos?
olly can you shut off.
I will need to exchange currencies frequently, will I be able to get a discount?
What happened to my top-up?
I am highly unsatisfied with this company and want to delete my account!
Shuffle song
Do I have any emails from Jane Doe
check my laptop is working
how come when i got cash the exchange rate was different than it should be
Cash I did not get showed up in my account
how much do you start at
i think the charge for uber on my account is fraudulent
Can another family member hold a card for this account in addition to mine?
what is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine
what are the things that i wanted to keep in mind
teach me how to change my oil
i have to find the interest rate for my checking account
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in china
open radio frequency ninety nine point five
Alexa, as expected, I received a hike today, you might get update.
that was nice one.
current time, please
tweet real donald trump that angela merkel will not shake his hand anymore
Remind me  when my car is due the day before.
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
find out when my most recent oil change occurred
Does PF Changs do takeout?
is it anyone I knows birthday this month?
make a list of all the clothing range available on ralph and lauren
please try your last sentence you said once again.
erase all items on my todo list
Why can't I use my virtual card for subscription services?
Clear calendar of mine
Tweet a complaint about potholes on road
it seems like your response is incorrect.
Why did my payment get declined?
Where is my refund? I have been checking my account all day.
i don't understand why walgreens declined my card
How to verify my identity
How do I receive a disposable virtual card?
nighttime mode
you do not understand what i just said.
Hey I am standing in front of an ATM here, it only gave me 10 pounds even though I wanted to withdraw 30! Seems like the app has 30 pounds, what do I do??
Can you find me a street fair in the neighborhood?
can you put on the next i heart music radio show
erase that item from my list
my visa card was stolen
Tell me a clean joke
Why isn't my refund on my statement?
please change my retirement account pin number to 1234
can you play music by led zeppelin
what the time difference from here to ottawa
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
I only got some of the cash I requested from the ATM
correct response to the command.
I want my account deleted!
I want the room to be less bright
Play some good song from my play list
how the list of upcoming events
which event should i attend in my area
what's the news in politics
How can I create another card linked to this account?
please set a 4 minute timer
Fix your system. I can't make transfers, I've tried like 5 times already.
put the volume to 4
I need to renew a card that's about to expire
farewell
When I got cash, my exchange rate was off.
drive the car and bring my friends over
unsure
what is the best shop restaurant around angel
thank you for the answer
how's it going with you
the temperature at ac is what
how long until my takeaway
How do I terminate my account.
is there heavy traffic on the I fifteen in las vegas right now
Bedroom light off!
where do i find the routing number for usaa
Increase the volume a bit
would you like to play a game with me
what hour is it in another city
what is my apr for my credit card
when is my flight boarding
I have got out the wrong amount from an ATM. Please tell me the process to get the cash back as in app its showing the amount i have been actually received.
send email to daddy i'll be going to the birthday party
How can I view the source of my available funds?
Please help me as i am continuously facing the issue in transferring money to my friends, as all my transactions are getting failed.
Are you able to guide me to my card's location?
Pull up my party palylist.
could you confirm my last instruction please.
i'd love to hear any song that i've given five stars by serge gainsbourg
sorry.
what do i need to do to get that tax form thing from my job
tell me my scheduled meetings for today only, please
start playing my black metal playlist
stop whisper mode
turn off sound
When will it get delivered?
show a new list
How long will it take to deliver to the US?
One of my card payments has reverted
how many alarms do i have set for morning hours between six and nine am
I have a department head meeting Friday at 9:00 am sharp.
can you book me a place to stay in pittsburgh from monday to friday
play be warned by tech n9ne
PDA how do i check my currency exchange rate
please will you speak once again.
is new caledonia safer than other countries
what is a trebuchet
I only got some of the cash I requested from the ATM
i am so hungry and tired and i think i might order some food now
shut off.
what would you like me to call you
I see a direct debit payment on my statement that wasn't me
please flip a coin and tell me what side it lands on
book a rental car to rhode island for friday, tomorrow
what timezone is los angeles in
can i have a 2 sided dice
reply to john's email today saying i will be late
How do I know when my card will expire?
don't call me bill anymore - call me bob
describe sphere
please turn off only right side light
Open the Davinci Code where I left off
i need a naughty joke not to naughty though
please read all the items on my reminder list
make a room darker
get me tom's number
Olly, can you tell me where to shop for clothes near my current location?
please fix the command.
nice work, you have done well.
what is today
Give me a geographic fact about...
i'm out of fabric softener so will you order me some more
Can I top up with a cheque?
I would like to exchange currencies, but is there an extra charge to do so?
olly please just stop.
is my credit card expiring soon
list the  availables
please send the email to abc@gmail dot com instead of xyz@gmail dot com
appreciate your answer.
do you know how to cook risotto?
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
i wanna have an alarm
siri, find my iphone
How can I top-up my card?
My card's expiration is approaching, how do I replace it.
what is on my to do list
please turn on the wemo plug socket
switch off the wemo plug socket
take it in hand
call eastwind and order lomaine to go
display my list
can i get an uber for 2 to go to austin
explain further on last sentence to me please.
s1, please clarify me more on that.
I paid two weeks ago and just got refunded
could you check and confirm detail please.
Help! Someone stole my card!
Is it possible to hold money in multiple currencies?
remind me of mondays meeting
uh no, it isn't what i am looking for.
create an alarm
add paav bhaji in menu card
Name the artist who sang Hotel California.
yeah good response to command.
i need to pay my bill
Can I activate a card in the app?
play for me the game temple run
Remove Yams
Make a new alarm.
Will I be charged for topping up?
I need to activate my card can you do that now?
what is the current date today
I need 99 (point) 5 please
@NikeSupport please help me out with some faulty shoes I just bought.
erase my whole calendar
purple haze
what items did i want to remember
i think you did task wrong.
please put taco night on the house calendar date of january 6
will there be snow this week
can you check and see if my credit card application has been approved or not
I got billed an extra pound!
I need to edit Marie Jones' email address to read jonesm1980@yahoo.com.
what amount will my state taxes be
PDA, open 104.7 radio
Why is the identity check involved?
I want to hear my favorite song from Iron Maiden
Do I have any appointments on March 30th
There is unusual activity on my account and I believe someone took my card.
will i need a socket converter when i go to france
Jobs in my area for my skill set.
i want you to roll a dice
Why was there a fee with my cash withdrawal?
olly talk to you later on.
what lists do i have
What is the point of a banana
audio start
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
start over.
I'm waiting for a money transfer to show, still.
Is it possible to get a card if I'm not in the UK?
i need you to stop talking
play checkers with me
i don't have any checks left; please order some
olly i want you stop.
Set schedule for <time/date>, <name> at <location>
Add an alert tomorrow at 7am
set an alarm at six in the morning
what time is it in glenwood springs, co
Whats the weather in Minneapolis
what's the miles per gallon on this car
can you find out what triggered a hold on my bank account
Get rid of that item
what transactions happened in the last week
how can we prepare biriyani
how far is walmart from here
Tell me if there is a top-up limit.
if you put a velociraptor and a hippo together what would happen
give the stock price details of motorolla
what song do i play most
I requested a refund, and never received it. What can I do?
I do not recongize a payment in my account.
i'd like to change the ai name
could you tell me who's birthdays are there in feburary
I used my card to top up but it's saying it is still pending. What does this mean?
A direct debit appears in the app but I didn't authorize it.
How do I find the verification code for my top-up card?
do I need to verify my identity every time I log into my account?
What should I do if I think that someone else may be using my card.
The exchange rate that was applied for an international purchase was wrong.
Can I get my salary through this?
Was Lucille Ball a natural redhead?
I transferred some cash and it has not arrived yet.
Play something random from google play
can i swap coconut milk for condensed milk
where is the closest red lobster to my location right now, which is 5th avenue
ennema eatha
I don't have my access code for the app.
Why won't my top up go through?
Can I get a new card even though I am in China?
has my vacation been approved yet
Why do you need code verification for my top up?
is walmart going to let me take the vacation time i asked for
Get rid of the last list.
How long should a cheque deposit take to show? My account hasn't updated and I want to make sure everything is okay.
Hey, I got charged extra for some reason when I purchased an app. Is this a hidden fee or something? I don't think it's very cool.
i need a roll on a 6 sided dice
Are there limits to top-ups?
share my location with sarah
Add dinner plans to my calendar
nighttime mode
What cards and currencies can I use?
I was taking out funds and was unable to regain my card.
what's two plus two
After purchasing an item I noticed the exchange rate was incorrect.
got married and need to change name
what type of calorie numbers are in onions
remove the milk from the shopping list
Turn off the lights in this room please.
i will tell my bank that i will be gone from april to may to america
you gave me not correct information.
Why have I been charged twice for the same transaction?
what is my meeting schedule like for the day
has my manager at mcdonald's confirmed i can take vacation
Tell me the deepest sea in the world
is the giraffe baby born yet
i filed a credit card application so what is going on with it
lower the lights in the house please
please tell me the latest news about politics
what time is it in dallas
my bill shows a purchase from payless shoes but i didn't buy anything
please start the vacuum cleaner
what is the best shop restaurant around angel
how busy will chili's be if i go at 6 pm
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been charged though...
Olly play Believer
help! i'm a victim of credit card fraud!
What countries are you available in?
Can you turn on the demo plug socket?
tell me the lowest amount i can pay for my cable bill
can i make it to tampa without needing to get more gas
Why do you need to know where my money is coming from?
Which ATMs accept this card?
I'm interested in learning more about disposable virtual cards.
switch the lights off
Remind me on 5th March of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
can i fly from atlanta to san francisco for less than 100 dollars
what you just said was not so clear to me.
Can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person?
add coke to my shopping cart
Why do I have a transaction showing multiple times?
Am I able to change my PIN at any cash machines?
Remember to pick me up by 12 noon from the Airport, I have a 3 pm meeting.
In the US, how long is the wait for a transfer?
what is current exchange rate of inr to usd
do one coin flip; it will be tails
what's my visa card's credit limit
switch off the power
How can I exchange AUD for GBP?
show johns office number
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
good restaurants
what can you tell me about miami weather
I am unable to use my card.
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
What services can I use to top up?
add mail id, subject , content
Delete my appointment at one tomorrow.
Why am I getting declines when trying to make a purchase online?
i need you to flip a coin so i can decide
help me find where this money came from
A refund is taking too long.
How can I contact this person?
Deadpool
Can I use my account now, even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
Remind me to call my daughter first thing on Thursday to wish her happy anniversary.
do i have alarms set for today
tell me how I can order my card.
do not speak today
i have no idea for which to select.
tell me what song this is
update my inbox please
I need to reply to this email.
do i have any new emails from sarah
would you flip a coin
i would like this alarm permanently removed
how do i order some more checks for my navy federal account
My cash withdrawal says pending, why?
Olly, is anything trending on social media today?
My card will expire next month, will I need to order a new one?
Set an alarm for 6:30 AM.
what does one plus
can you get me a table for 4 at red lobster at 8pm
when should i take an apple pie out
thanks for that answer
what gasoline do i need to buy
please set an alarm for 2 pm for me
yeap it is confirmed.
How can I create many temporary cards daily?
are there any alarms set
Please remove the grocery list from my set of lists.
repeat album
Did I get any emails from Sam today?
I tried to get $100 but I just got $20
What fees are there for adding money using an international card
what do i need to do to look up my 1st republic account's interest rate
please make sure your command was correct because it doesn't sound right.
i need to book a hotel room or suite for 2 adults and 2 children in orlando for july 1st through 5th
Why is there a fee for using my card?
am i gonna hit traffic
I just found out from the seller that my money didn't go through. I checked my account and it was deducted at first but now it's back in my account. Can you  please fix this for me quickly?
describe what a poltergeist is
new york time
will you check and confirm command please.
open a song from the given list
whats the name of the current song
play 'i love you' and then next 'happy'
what's a good italian meal
you did nice job, musch appreciated.
Why would a card payment be declined?
I just went through a old statement and noticed that a very large payment went through and i did not make it. It was from a few months ago, can I still dispute the payment?
I see random purchases to my account, was it hacked?
Give me a recipe for lasagne
have the roomba run the living room
set a repeating calendar event
Confirm a travel ticket to German.
what place are you from
Please show today meting with clients
schedule a meeting room for friday at 3pm
When will my payment go through?
who is going to the party?
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
How can I prove I am me?
The ATM keeps rejecting my Payment. I tried two different ATMs but did not work .Can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
when will my next vacation day be
I don't understand why you want so much of my personal info.
compose text message
how long will it take me to be seated at ihop
I'm really concerned because I only made one transaction, but it's appearing multiple times.
add milk to grocery list
lower lights please
could you please shut down.
will you please explain me about this once again.
Why did I need to verfiy my identity?
send email new address
nearest restaurants available at this time
can you add up thirteen plus five plus nine for me
do i have any new messages in twitter instagram or facebook
put wash the counters down on my list of pending tasks
Give me the opening stock price of Acer computers
hey siri make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
Why do we need to verify top-ups?
talk to me in italian
how many calories are in chocolate cake
give me the news on nbc alexa
how good are the ratings for outback steakhouse
hmm, it is not what i wanted.
help me book a train ticket
good seeing you
good answer, thanks for providing it
What is the time in Alaska?
do they take reservations at bar tartine
what is the high temperature for tomorrow
please once again clarify.
What is the proper cooking time for boiled eggs?
this song is composed by whom
arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
how have megatel shares done last week
Tell me about the presidential race.
i need a timer set please
loudly
i want to change your name to another name
Why did I get less cash than what I asked in the ATM?
what's the best pizza shop nearby
riddles
can you translate cat into russian for me
is black sea real
Save this songs genre for me.
Can I use this app for any currency?
What is the limit to number of transactions I can do with a disposable card?
As advised by you, i requested seller to refund my money. A week has passed but i haven't got any update from seller. Please track the refund with the seller.
find me someone who can deal with my car's illuminated check engine light
play the previous podcast
Where is the tracking number for the card you sent me?
Why isn't the transferred money there?
I was charged a fee for a transfer.
Will I have to wait much longer for my new card to arrive?
locate someone to look at my car because my check engine light is on
Send invites to Mike and Jane for the 9am Saturday appointment
My flight is by 6 pm, please keep me posted.
Although I transferred some money, it has not as of yet, arrived.
i want the music to be saved can you do it for me
I can't get cash from the ATM!
How long will it be to get this new card?
Please help me.  I am still waiting on a refund.
the available lists
can you check and confirm my last command please.
Is my reminder alarm set for dance class?
is logan a good movie to watch
My card got charged twice for the same thing!
I might be paranoid, but someone may be using my card.
how does one say wonderful in german
tell me the artist of this song
what's the date tomorrow, please
Turn the lights on party mode
is the traffic light or heavy at the nearest the century movie theater
could you please rephrase more on what you've just said.
Tell me about my schedule for the next month.
How do I freeze my bank card, as there has been a strange withdrawal?
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan
Who is Meryl Streep?
give me the conversion between ounces and cups
light green
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of twenty three march
is there takeaway at donut junction
I need you to stop the transfer I just started as soon as possible, I just realized it's not correct!
PDA what does this week's weather look like
Can this app help me exchange currencies?
show me a hotel in boise that has positive reviews
There are charges on my card that I haven't purchased.
Where do I activate my card?
I have a strange transaction for £1 on my statement, what is that?
Someone is using my account to do online shopping! Please freeze it asap
tell me if you are a real person or an ai
Show me the places where I was
Can I go ahead and use my account even though my identify hasn't been verified yet?
turn off plug
let's try and confirm my reservation for bubble bar under "franklin
Play the most current episode of Levin
place my order alexa
play me news radio channel
olly just stop please.
whatever is okay.
that is helpful, appreciated.
Somebody used my card without my knowledge!
can you confirm my reservation for kevin at red robin
can you tell me the correct spelling of liaison
let shih chieh see my location
i'd like to start calling you lover
would you go check my emails for me
go to whisper mode
are you familiar with any types of subjects
text sarah if she is free for brunch today
retry please.
please tell me how traffic from the new jersey turnpike into the lincoln tunnel looks currently
Can you please read the my Mom sent this morning at 10am
I'm not sure how disposable virtual cards work. Please help.
The payment I made with my card is not showing up.
what are my alarms
I deposited cash into my account a week ago and it is still not available, please tell me why? I need the cash back now.
find an oscar nominee movie
whats in my gas tank
what's there to do in seattle
can you order more chapstick i am all out
Hello I changed my mind and want a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
check whether i have set any alarms for tomorrow morning
How can I cook pasta?
i am going out of country and need to inform my bank
Can I have a second card issued to another family member?
what is the estimated travel time for the train ride to orlando
how can i unsync my phone
i want to change your name to emma
Can a credit card be used to transfer money?
may i schedule a car maintenance
please go back to your factory settings
You can activate your card in a few seconds by going to account, hitting activate, and just following the directions.
let me know of the meeting on tuesday
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
Play a talk program about child care
Why can't I see my top up?
turn the vibrate off from speaker
i need the volume to be louder
Why do you keep declining my transfers? It's been working well so far, but when I just tried to buy something, the card got declined. I tried it a few times, but same thing happened every try.
you know the reservation i have on 2:00 friday i confirm it
how did my bank account is frozen
thirteenth june is a day of election result please set it
Coach and fare
check if i need umbrella now
Play the Bob and Tom show.
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
taxi uber
please turn the music up
Which bar has the most affordable drinks near Sixth Street?
What is the next Metro to DC?
Can you make an event for friday night with Emi, Maya, and Mackensie?
do you know any jokes about librarians
What was last sent to me in my social media feed?
Why hasn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
read email subject chemistry
start the radio
takeaway status
what day were you born
turn on console
how might i say hello if i were scottish
show me my next day off
remove the alarm for tomorrow
i need to transfer from one account to my second one
When do I receive my PIN
What is 4 + 5
google find and play florida georgia line the one with nelly
what's the answer to one plus one
can i get my limit increased on my discover card
Why does my statement show a $1 charge on my account?
number for aaa to help with dead car battery
How do you decide what the exchange rates are?
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I don't recognize
go back to previous episode of podcast
olly could you please shut up.
How do I go forth on holding money in multiple currencies?
thanks, that's good.
What is going on in the world today?
is my spirit flight running on time
ABOUT REALITY IN WORLD
Around one or two weeks ago I purchased something but there's seems to be an issue. I have already received one of the items, but today the money was placed back into my account. What is happening?
could you list out the information on book fairs in washington dc for next week
Can you tell me why my card payment did not work?
Get me the recipe for rice
by switch off
How did you guys get your exchange rate?
book a rental cab of uber
How can my friend pay me?
Can I get a new card even though I am in China?
is this where i get a w2
if i use my discover card in cuba are there transaction fees
send a replay email
Robot Vacuum cleaner on.
tell me my apr rate
send this song to my favorites
train times location
show me the places where i was
can you instruct me on how to rollover my 401k
please say it again
can you boil the kettle
i'd like to buy something
I need to find the top up verification code
from whence do you hail
Can you enter an event to my calendar?
please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee
pls play some songs for kids
PDA name: give me my latest email
read the list
tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
please lower the lights a little bit
could you tell me how to direct deposit my check from work into nations bank
Please remind to get donuts for the meeting
I live in Germany. Is that one of the countries you are in? What other countries are you in?
Are there limits as to where my card will be accepted?
i like to be it
Is the song by Shakira?
How much is the dollar worth in Canada?
can you tell me who made the ai
Can I get an update on my replacement card?
i couldn't get what you've said.
what's my pnc balance
How long will a transfer be pending for?
see if my form submission for an american express card has been seen
What are age requirements for opening an account?
no, i think you have done a task all wrong.
is my order ready
batminton
how many mpg does this rig get when i'm in the city
find apple pie recipe
turn off the lights please
can you tell me why there's a hold on my mutualone account
will you once again rephrase me about what you just said now.
Post a Facebook status update
ah that's perfect job, olly.
How do I transfer funds from my American Express into my account?
please run the vacuum
What time is my wakeup alarm set for?
can you tell me what the date of expiry for my visa card is
please let my mom and dad know my location
I want to auto top-up.
what is the time in London now
Do the disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
How long will it take to transfer something from China?
what's the nearest ups store to walmart
i want to hear what i've said again.
how many alarms do i have set for morning hours between six and nine am
when was my last visit to the car shop
Hello-Can you please help me get a refund from this merchant?  I ordered a product and would like to return it. I have been unsuccessful in getting the merchant to return my request for the past several days.  I understand it can take up to 45 days to process the dispute and issue a refund, however, if this can be expedited faster it would be very helpful to me.
tell me your last words said one more time again please.
is there any grocery nearby
Why is my card payment still pending?
Why can't I see a recent refund in my statement?
what do i need to do to start direct deposit
can you again clarify what you've said please.
I completed an in country transfer a few days ago and was sure to check the account information several times since the transaction was completed, but the funds are still not available. What is the problem?
please translate grocery into french for me
There is a payment showing as pending and hasn't posted for a few days.  When will it post?
whats the time in Sydney now
what's the exchange rates
when and where Monet's exhibition takes place?
My transfer hasn't gone through yet.
i need to find out how to check the due date for the water bill
what is the answer to two times three
please remove item a from my list
Can you get me train ticket prices, please?
Where's the money that got charged to my card? It's not showing up in my account balance
Olly Today I lost my phone.
I think the payment from my card was revereted
Show me a funny joke.
start coffee
Is there something wrong with the transferring functions? I keep trying to transfer funds and only get an error message.
that's nice one, thank you very much, olly.
are there any alarms
i've lost my luggage what should i do now
i think the command is wrong.
How do I top-up while traveling?
how much have i spent on eating out recently
would you tell me what kind of pets you have
Is there a problem with your system being down or something? I have already tried 5 times to issue a standard transfer but I'm getting nowhere.
My card is expiring shortly.  How much will it cost for a replacement, and how soon can I get it?
start vaccum
share my location with my sister
I deposited a cheque, but the balance hasn't changed yet.
add this to the list
what's on tv
Remove everything from the calendar
when is my train coming
My address has updated and I need to change it.
I want a physical card
Which countries are represented?
Hello.  I ran into a problem with a transfer this morning.  I was trying to send money to some friends but when I tried to send it, the transfer failed.  I don't know what is causing the transfer to be rejected.  Please let me know what is causing the problem.  Thanks.
I think I am having an issue with withdraws on my card. It was declined on the way to work this morning. This hasn't happened in the past.
what's that.
if i go to evans, what should i do
I need to cancel a purchase I made.
how much dough do i have in my bank accounts
yes, that's correct
what are meeting scheduled for today
can you read the things on my shopping list
how do i cook rice
Could you open my list app and check for groceries, please
There is no way for me to prove my identity.
alert the bank that i am traveling to tokyo on the 7th until the 21st
i would like to increase my bank of america credit limit, can you help me
Why are there fees for using a card?
I think there has been a purchase made that wasn't by me.
i need a meeting room at 2pm on friday
did i receive any email in the past hour
what alarms did i set today
latest events
what is the minimum amount of money required as payment for the bill
where can i find my w-2 form
tell me the list about
The transfer I did hasn't arrived
play rap
thanks but you don't instruction the request correctly.
My card has been lost / stolen
what time zone is arizona
Find me the top news of the day
Is it going to warm up soon?
how long is the wait at chipotle
Olly, find me a zoo or animal park in Chicago that open this weekend.
olly please can you just stop it.
Weather forecast please.
how hot is it outside today
I got a new address and need to change my old one.
stop
is there any news on flight dl123
turn off all the lights
why top up is not working even if I got my American Express in Apple Bay?
I'm happy with Mastercard and want to stick with just that credit card.
will you send the email to greg
what is 89 divided by 3
keep playing secret garden
Find me a gas station close by
Remember me to meet Reveca today at 6:00pm
I got a card, how do I get it in the app?
activate vacuum cleaner
My card wont work at an ATM
can you play my latest audio book
Is it possible to get a transfer from SWIFT?
i need to rollover my 401k
what does tense mean
politics
ny stock
hey what's a book
When is my dentist appointment?
Where in the app do I go to make my new card show up?
want to play a game?
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
i need a recipe for spaghetti
are there any events going on in milan
How many alarms are listed?
Is it going to rain today in San Diego?
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
i can't locate my luggage, i was on jetblue flight ab123 out of detroit
can you show me the nutrition facts for grapes
adjust the lights to a lower setting please
proper to substitute cumin for tumeric
How much money can I withdraw before fees? I noticed a fee on my card but I didn't think I had hit the limit of how much I could withdraw in a month.
is mcdonalds a good place to eat
add wash the dog to my list of things to do
i like you stop it.
i need a car rental this week
can you get me a train ticket to nyc
Save all songs from Katy perry
tell me the types of things i can ask you about
please make me a coffee
should i get any shots before i go to kenya
Has Wendy posted on FaceBook?
how are the fried chicken at zippys
would you mind telling me how much i have spent recently on grocery shopping
I withdrew  money from the ATM and was overcharged.  It said nothing about an extra fee.
clap on
delete my 'to do's for this week
create an alarm for five pm
i would like to know all of the covered benefits that are given by my health care plan
What is the source of your exchange rates?
Spell and define oscillate
what company wrote your code
Is it possible to cancel a transaction?
does louie's do take out
olly i need a drink
I've just been married and need to update my name
What reminders do I have today?
My card is due to expire
PLEASE GIVEN AN 2D 3D EFFECTS
how many hours will it take to get to my destination
what kind of fuel does my car use
Turn down the noise
assist me by setting my alarm for 9:00 and another for 11:00
Hey Olly, order two wings with french fries from the Chinese food store.
show me today train time of kalka at jodhpur
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
What is the way to go about getting a virtual card?
please will you confirm command.
can you tell bob to get his dog via text
i'd like you to pair with my phone
tell me the date when this song was recorded
Can you tell me why I noticed a $1 charge on my statement?
10.02.2017
can you add an event to my calendar
Add new item
What are the benefits to verifying the top-up?
who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting
How can I fix a problem where my virtual card is rejected?
How do I fix a reverted top up?
what do i have scheduled on march 2nd on my calendar
Go to my classical playlist.
will you make sure that mopping is on my to do list
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar
please clean my shopping list
.... USD is equal to ....currency
let's play a game of trivia
fix the driving route from here to grant market
i am very grateful
set up a report for a lost card
look up news articles about trump
can u play the song that sound like bells going off
The exchange rate looks wrong on a holiday purchase
i do not get the last sentence.
tell me the month my card expires
Can I use my salary for this?
would it be possible to change your name to coraline
please try to confirm my reservation for jim at barney's
Ok Google! Lower all volume on speakers please
is my gas tank full or empty
what music is this?
Does my PIN come with my card?
I want to use a payment card to top up my account. How can I do this?
how long would the wait at the restaurant be
There is a payment that I was charged two times for.
i need to get a new credit card application
I don't think the transaction has gone through, so can I cancel a transfer?
i have to report my card as stolen
My new card needs activating.
when does travelling require a visa
Play favourite music
customer service complaint
i want the lights less brighter
please read my shopping list
that is all, just cancel.
how much is left of mastercard
whats a good place to eat around midtown new york
what have i spent on fast food recently
Book my 1st class AC ttrain icket from New York to San Francisco
I like to listen to Hindustani music
will you help me figure out how to transfer my 401k
could you please find me the latest news from a source that i do not usually go to
Change song
can i get an order delivered from romero's
Find the nearest Uber
i would like to use my credit card points to acquire a new laptop
What can I expect if I use bank transfer to top up my account?
Olly can you find a nice restaurant downtown?
am i your boss
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged?
i need to know how to schedule a meeting
book uber taxi for my travel
did i take my car to the mechanics recently
Set track 28 in music player on repeat.
Where do I find the auto top- up?
i'd like you to confirm that please.
show me this week's forecast
how hot are summers in gibraltar
it's too dark here
how is the traffic
How can I use my American Express to add money into my account?
Google stock symbol
Play Hopsin from my Latest playlist.
I got my American Express in Apple Bay but top up is not working
Chang the ight colors.
what is the meaning of the word girn
i need to know how to spell xylophone
s2, i can't quite catch that.
will you try what i have just said one more time please.
I attempted to top up my car today, it failed! I just got it a couple of days before and it worked then. What is going on with it?
I paid with my card and I was charged a fee
i want to schedule a vacation, can i request that through you
please let me know the exchange rate between indian rupees and us
How can I order virtual cards?
I can't top up my account using my American Express with Apple Pay.
please turn off my patio lights
play lady now
I need a new Pin how do I go about that?
Tell me when I should leave for a scheduled event so that I am on time.
turn up the brightness
good job, you have done well.
Please lower the volume
tell me when i get paid
do you know recipe for risotto
Why is my card payment cancelled?
are there any roundtrip flights from shanghai to seatac that depart on wednesday and return on the thirty first
Am I able to track the card that was just sent to me?
what interest rate am i getting from citrix
add this song to my post-rock playlist
help me book a place to stay from may 2 to may 4 in tampa
What lists are in my notebook?
Sports
What time do I have my alarm set for tomorrow?
tell me about new emails
What's the pending length for credit transactions? I've had one in my pending category now for days and it won't move to processed.
could you please check and confirm the detail.
again elaborate.
When traveling, is it possible for it to add money at specific time intervals?
please again explain your response.
thanks.
make the volume louder
you've done that correctly thanks.
how long before i can get a replacement card
you have done it correctly musch appreciated.
turn the sound off
what ingredients are needed for shrimp cocktail
rowan atkinson info
Will the weather be bad on Sunday?
what is the meaning of telepathy
raise volume
if i can, i'd like to get some more checkbooks mailed to me
I would like to listen to
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
remove fencing from my calendar for may 7th
My card is showing the same transaction over and over again.
how long is a bus ride to the library
put a hold on my account
please pay my utility bill from my wells fargo checking account
How come I was charged an extra fee when paying with the card?
Give me the news on my provider.
My recipient hasn't received the money
Why is my payment pending?
can you please give me john's email
Let's have the radio on.
I removed cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
im not gonna need the dinner reservation
what reservations are available for 3 people at the xenophobe
uh-huh
doesn't matter for me.
could you open my list app and check for groceries please
add new email to contacts
what are the train times from san francisco to new york
the milk will expire when
would not bother, olly.
lower lights down
how many days are left in this year?
The hotel called and said I left my phone in the room.
look up instructions for jumper cables
My card payment doesn't work.
Remove a list of employees.
book a flight from chicago to dc on monday and returning on wednesday
i need you to have the volume louder
Olly can you remind me about the gym class in 2 hrs
calorie count of cheetos
How long should I wait for the card to arrive?
What steps do I need to take for the identity checking process?
My new card hasn't came in.
book for me an uber taxi to carmen drive
how many days off have i taken until right now
How much time is a train to there
what are the big tourist sites in sweden
Please describe an elephant to me.
cancel list
please inform me of the types of subjects are you familiar with
can you please tell me what i have on my list
can i get the time
i would like to redeem my credit card reward points
how do i set up my apple pay watch to connect to my account
Show me the today's world news
confirm my friday reservation at 2:00
what is the proper cooking time for this
can you start over please.
i want to change my pin number for my checking account
I'm waiting for my transaction to complete.
when should i change my tires
i love this song
Do you have a list of exchange rates?
how's my day off request looking
how much meat should i buy to serve ten people
delete the shopping list
what is sean connery's birthday
tell taxi to pick me up at four pm
reply back to emily
set the speakers to mute
play only particular singer songs
WHY IS THERE AN EXTRA FEE FOR USING THE ATM??!!!
play new songs by barenaked ladies
i would like if PDA will be smart and intelligent in way it will be familiar with me and recognise the way i like the result will be
what's the nutritional info for an apple
Create e-mail to Yulia
please confirm my reservation for thursday at 10am
i am very confused about the block that seems to have been placed on my account why is it there
how long can i put pizza in the fridge
i'm sorry.
Why can't I see my topup in my wallet anymore?
Do you let me choose between Visa and Mastercard?
how much longer till the next day off
can you tell me the due date for the water bill
how can i request a vacation from work
is my replacement card due to arrive in the mail today
Let me hear a joke
At what places accept my card?
one or the other, or both
can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at ten am time
find and queue all songs of kate perry and play all without shuffling
what name should i refer to you as
please ring the wake up alarm at eight am next saturday
what are the conditions like in sarasota
What currencies can I have?
would not really care, olly.
How can I get the cash deposit to show up on my account?
transfer $40 from account a to b
What is the local weather forecast for the next seven days
recipe for spaghetti
would you describe yourself as a cat or dog person
whats the timezone for san fransico
i need an italian dinner idea
directions to virginia beach va
i need some coffee made
What is the maximum number of transactions that I can put on a disposable card?
agreed, that's valid
please change accent to british male
i need the interest rate on my capital one account
Play The Health Show on the television in the living room.
Please check episode no. 39.
Play a jazz music
what you do at the free time
Are there any events happening in town?
I refilled my account balance but got an error message.
when should i get my next oil change
yeap you have done the command perfectly.
How many days does it take for a transfer to go through?
Hello Google, Play Baby One More Time.
Where is the closest ATM I can use?
when is the meeting with homer scheduled for
i need to know this car's mpg
I want to hear Radio head please
convert the american dollar to the euro
i need a good italian dish
Can I use app to reset PIN attempts?
create a link with my phone
Will I be able to use my card anywhere?
The card that I have isn't working. This is the physical card.
go back to initial settings
one am set
put a block on my chase account right away
Show me some food court nearest to my location
What is the circumference of the Earth?
My list should be ready, mind telling me what's on there?
Someone has my card number, freeze my account.
cancel dentist appointment for this week
Clean the floor.
Olly, does Shibaru Sushi deliver?
who delivers near here
please reset that.
What are the reasons for my beneficiary not being allowed?
reserve a seat for me on the train march twentieth
move to next episode
Can I request a refund
please start the coffee pot
Can I get both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
uhh no, incorrect command.
i need to hear the volume of the current music
continue playing my audiobook
i would like to hear you read my reminder list to me
could you please remove the set of alarms between eight and nine
did you get what said correctly?
is there any rap that doesn't involve sex money and drugs
go to social media and post the following status
how many years old are you
what is the balance on my visa
find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the us please
how do i rollover my 401k
is bills pager number in my contacts
i want to know the type of gasoline for this car
s2, this is not clear to me.
what does subway use to make a cold cut combo
Ask for the weather today morning
I am tired
what is my checking account balance at chase
what new movies available today
can you please please reply for that mail
tell me the date when this song was recorded
nope, you are incorrect.
How can I go about getting a disposable virtual card?
Could you tell me the meaning of the word exorbitant
what is the exchange rate between us dollars and japanese yen
resume playback
Add erosser@hotmail.com as a new contact for Emily Rosser.
The latest climate and weather news
Check the weather in Kansas
Online banking is not showing my cheque or cash deposit so the balance is incorrect.
I requested a refund from a merchant days ago but I do not see it in my account.
How long does it take for pending transfer transactions to post?
please could you check question.
edit list
Notify me the day before the horse race at Santa Anita on March 7th.
Why am i being charged for withdrawing cash funds?
could you please check that.
Can I top up using my cheque?
Help!  My card is stolen.
Why is it taking so long for a transfer to complete!
does not matter, olly.
usa today headlines
Please let me know the latest business news
Do I have any new email?
find out for me how many days off i have taken in total at this point
are there any updates on facebook
Send Golden Taxi to pick me up as soon as possible.
Can I top up by cheque?
approximately how much time will it take to get to tod's in minutes
make your speech slower than now
bring up facebook and wish a happy birthday to the country usa
What's the weather?
can you please help me locate my luggage
tell me about rock
would you repeat what said please.
Set up a meeting with Jack for Tuesday.
can you try what i just said again.
in delhi traffic level too high
Why are my purchases from this morning still pending?
can i use my app to get a virtual card
how many kilos are in 20 pounds
yes fantastic response.
play melody music in the morning time
show me cooking websites
i can't figure out how to spell superficial
i beg your pardon.
how much vacation have i taken
please put silverware on my list for shopping
please let me know today's date
turn on top 20 country hits
I want to listen to podcast about rock n roll.
switch the lights off
Remind me to go grocery shopping today
Both young drivers and provisional drivers crash more often than other drivers because they have not yet had the wide range of experiences they need to drive safely by themselves. Research has shown that driving experience is a major factor in reducing road crashes and that the safest time for young drivers is when they are driving under supervision while learning.
give me contact mail id
are there any open meeting rooms between noon and 1
Turn the room light off.
did i get my car inspected recently
I got a message that my transfer is not possible.  What is happening?  I need this to go through please.
We want to start a college fund for my daughter.
who made the ai
what time is it in the greenwich timezone
I've completely forgot the code to get into the app.
where does joe joe live
Play 6 music for me
freeze my account immediately
I am asking to end my account.
Is Michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant?
have no idea for what to choose.
look up qat please
I'm attempting to top-up my account but it has been pending for an hour.
how do you say hi in french
what does life mean on a deeper level
retrieve my recent transactions
list alrams
what would be the exchange rate of currency in japan
What's on my calendar this month?
will you please tell me my to do list
On my last trip, I received the incorrect exchange rate.
what is john smith's number
cricket update
I think I was charged extra on my payment on last Saturday.  Maybe the exchange rate was wrong?  I'd like a refund.
tell me how to spent "frightened
How can I fix a problem where contactless isn't working?
can we speak in german
I like vocals.
what about the new york city traffic
alexa add sam@gmail.com to my contacts list
yes it's perfect.
how much air pressure is in my tires
what takeout places are near me
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged a fee?
Save the opinion that I just posted to this song.
From which age can my kids use your service?
what is the nine am cst to est
Remove my dinner plans from the calendar tonight.
i need you to have the volume louder
set an alarm for this eight hundred pm this evening
Should I take my sunglasses with me when I go out today?
cancel alarm for 03/10/2017
give me some recommendations of good tourist attractions in montreal
Set reminder for meeting with Mitushree on 04/04/2017
What's the card you sent me's tracking number?
please add to my contact lists and send them a reminder email
direct deposit instructions
Please tell me why I was charged additionally when I used the card.
remove 'father's day' from calender
text chris and ask what time he will be home
any emails?
The ATM kept my card?
what is john smith's home phone number
can i get you to talk at a slightly faster rate
what should you be called
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
Give me the best pizza deals offered today.
not really
What is the fee for a cash withdrawal?
How do I transfer funds directly from my credit card?
send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
yes, that is it
I wrote a check to the account yesterday to add to my balance, but I don't see the amount of the check reflected anywhere.  Is it being held up for some reason?  I should have seen a new balance by now!
Is the weather cold?
initiate cleaning process
I need to know which fiat currencies I can use with you.
I need to book a taxi.
did i get any replies from jan
let me know the time
Why has my card payment been reverted?
If I was travelling abroad, would I be able to hold currencies in euros?
is an international visa needed to go to cyprus
would you elaborate me further on your answer please.
pull up the menu for the closest mexican restaurant
send an email to peter and ask him how is he now can i do something to help him
Where's the button to top up with a cheque?
please create a new alarm for me
I still have not received my new card, I ordered over a week ago.
my current location
Start Dune from where I left off.
i ordered new light bulbs online when will they get here
What's coming up this week?
could you clarify further on what you said now to me please.
remind me to take out the garbage in the morning
can a 401k be rolled over
Show chicken tikka recipe
i would like it if my robot could make money for me
Can I change my PIN at any cash machines?
Internals
i need to rent a car for may 10th to may 15th in lizton and i'd like a bmw
set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at five pm
is there milk on my shopping list
please delete all meetings of today after seven pm
can you tell me where i left my phone
yeap you got answer perfectly.
please, will you turn on my tv
what date is another paycheck due
remove birthday from calendar
can other people use the app to add money to my account
go back to animal farm
i like you to check it please.
I want to get a Visa
How can the recipient see my money transaction?
Do I have to pay any fees in order to receive money?
switch over to the female voice
Is there a limit to using a disposable virtual card?
Clear mt schedule for this date
I bought this item and was charged the wrong amount can I get a refund?
tell me the number of points on my visa card
what is the square root of ninety seven
can you set the timer to 20 minutes
i can't see anything
schedule meeting with laura
hey play crazy by britney spears
can you tell me what i can ask the ai
get rid of bananas on the list
whatever is okay for me.
i want your language changed to chinese
do you prefer cats or dogs more
what interest rate am i paying
Tell me about what latest inventions are our scientists doing these days?
are there any construction areas on harvard
How long do you have to wait to see your virtual card your ordered?
My account was charged for a withdraw I tried to make that was decline.
change this time to ist
please tell me my bank balance
uhh no, you gave me not right information.
Why is there a payment showing twice?
My card has been lost! help!
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
where is the closest dog groomer in charlotte, north carolina
color the lights red
What is the verification process used for?
If I am overseas, how do I change my pin?
What is the population of the world
Hi, I am experiencing problems while trying to top-up with my card. I have never experienced any problems doing this before. Could you please help me?
is it possible to cancel transactions?
how long to i bake the brownies
please give me details of Allen from my contact
Please remove all the movies I have watched on my favorites list.
does john's pizza have takeaway
Why don't I see my top up in my wallet?
I want to tweet a complaint to Target.
save the email to my contact
what date is my water bill due
give me celcius to fahrenheit
i'd like to know how much you get when you roll a ten sided dice
skip this one
Your service is bad.  Close my account.
tweet at quote unquote
do you work for another person
what song in the theme song for frasier
guide me to a laundromat near me
I need to change my home address.
I do not know how to answer this question, you left a word or two out.
tell me when two minutes are up
What are the steps to get my card back that was kept by the ATM?
what does obsessed mean
Who do I have new email from?
I need my card to be activated right now.
please set two alarms, one at 12 pm and the next at 1 pm
My transfer isn't in
yeah fantastic.
I think my pin has been compromised, what do I do?
could someone look at my check engine light that's on
I have a transaction and would like to know if I it's cancelable?
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and inr
how long is the shipping for my replacement card
search for a train ticket to newcastle
any new facebook posts from amy
when is the next holiday, please
I want to see news about politics.
i would like a cup of coffee
How long does a transfer to another country normally take? I check over and over again and see that my transfer is still pending. It's 2018, nothing should take this long. I have confirmed my account information, so there is no error. What is the hold up?
Will I be charged for adding money using an international card?
My top-up is taking a very long time to complete.
how would you categorize the pets you have
What will be the weather on Monday this week
what are the carry-on restrictions for delta
Why is there a pending time on my transfer?
I had an unexpected fee
Olly can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti?
Please list the countries you support.
what should i get at a mexican restaurant
my last card was stolen and i want to know how long until i get my new one
weather in chicago please
I need to delete the alarm for church on Sundays at 11am.
it's good job, i appreciate it.
nope, it's not the correct command.
Why am I not able to get cash from the ATM?
Can you freeze my card it was stolen
PDA, show list items
6 am alarm please
can I get the recipe for chocolate brownies
I am highly unsatisfied with this company and want to delete my account!
pay electric
Please update me on the status of the Mexico-America border wall.
The exchange rate was wrong?
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
PDA, Look up...
How long is the wait for my card?
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
Brighten the lights please
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
please save that song
what are my insurance amenities
I tried withdrawing but my cash is not showing up?
draft an email to kailey about work later
I am still waiting for the cash to be returned from a cheque I deposited!
Will there be a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
i've had eggs in the fridge since monday, are they still safe
what is the status on my takeout
Can I get a copy of the card by email?
i do not think that is proper
how many vacation days do i have left this year
How to cook Spaghetti?
will there be snow tomorrow
olly can you please shut down.
When can I expect a transfer from Europe to go through?
how can i track card you sent
What type of deposits do you accept into my account?
how to exchange currencies
can we talk in french
what are meeting scheduled for today
did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends
Show me events in Sacramento
please help me find my cellphone
what tasks can you complete for me
how much time will riding the bus to downtown take
Is my credit card supported for top-ups?
what is the meaning of fascism
tell me my credit card's annual percentage rate
I tried to top up, but it didn't finish.
search earliest trains to brooklyn ny weekends and holidays
tell me united's carry on policy
Joke please
later gator!
What are the exchange rates you assign?
open my Amazon Music app and play my playlist
i need to see if i got any new email
yeap fantastic.
How are foreign exchange rates determined?
Could you please schedule a meeting with this person
Tell me about my alarms
what amount of time does it take for a transfer to reflect and be available
Meaning of PDA
how much gas do i have in my car
How would you describe head cheese?
Alexa, define Television
who sung this
schedule an uber in twenty minutes to tesco on fifth street
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
please list my meetings for today from 8:00 am to 2:00 pm
The person I sent money to hasn't gotten it yet!
Mobile device explanation.
please speak faster
set a four minute timer
My non-physical card will not work
how can you assist me
Am I able to use my American Express to add money to my account balance?
i need your help to find a good reviewed hotel in washington
What kind of currencies can I use to add money?
Is it possible to delete the account?
Save my opinion about the current song playing.
Where is the nearest river?
is butter ok to use instead of oil
explain to me how transferring my 401k works
Where can i catch some good things to do tonight.
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
For some reason I forgot the passcode I have.
list of playback of ar rahman collections
Remind me the day when this event is supposed to take place.
When will my deposit from this morning show up?
I can't upload my identification.
set notification for news on the stock market
i would like to hear all transactions made on my amex for the last ten days
PDA queue up YMCA
my gps coordiantes will be shared with aunt sunny
can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
Olly, lets play tic tac toe.
I would like to top up my account automatically. How do I do that?
mashed potato's nutrition
filter all arijit singh sad song and save or create playlist of sad songs of arijit singh
i must pay verizon what minimum amount on my bill
Will I get charged for sending out more cards?
no, i did not ask for that response.
set an alarm for two hours from now
inform me as to how much gas my car has
When will my balance update after a transfer?
remove my list of contacts from work
play the song for me
play new songs by barenaked ladies
I'm going on a trip soon and I needed to convert my Russian ruble to UK pounds, but when I did, your company charged me above the exchange rate. Did you mess up my transaction?
What is the name of that song?
Is there any traffic downtown right now?
Open talk radio station.
mute the sound
I just got married and need to change my name on the account
text my dad for me and tell them i love you
thanks but i think you made some mistakes.
When can I pick up my order?
do not really bother.
should i bring an umbrella today
give me the weather for merced at three pm
Is auto top up a provided service?
what is the value of the yen right now
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.  I've never seen the name on the transaction before.
I want to finish listening to the book 1984 from where I left off.
can you mute when i am not home
hey what's up
Change over to NPR on my radio.
who delivers near here
i want you to cancel the event called 'bachelorette party' on april 15
yeah you have got my instructions right.
What is going on on December fourth?
Help me.  The passcode doesn't work.
for what person do you work
You applied the wrong exchange rate while I was traveling outside the country.
is paprika listed on my shopping list, please add it
please schedule a meeting with kim at 10 am
s2, i am unclear about what you have just said.
check that.
change my mum's email in my phonebook
make a contrast one
I got cash abroad and need to check the exchange rate
did my friend rohit posted something on facebook
hmm, i didn't ask for that.
will i be able to rent a car in boston from march 2 to march 4
is it safe to travel to russia
i need to get to location call a cab
Is there a fee for using a European bank card to top up?
tweet my complaint to @consumer service
that's cool,.
how long would a bus to the empire state building take
Are you sure when the withdrawal will show?
musch appreciated, olly.
sunny in oslo
turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
what's my next appointment
i need to change my pin number for my checking account
that might be the case
olly that's enough, stop it.
Bring up the grocery list and add v8.
Whats a good place to eat around Midtown New York?
how long to replace a credit card
I had a cheque deposited, but I don't see my money yet?
prepare my coffee
how full is the gas tank
you are hero, thank you very much.
My cash withdrawl was declined why?
Continue from where we left off in Divergent.
could be there be a good amount of money in my checking account to go on a vacation
What is the limit on disposable cards?
please check if i can do a car rental from charlotte douglas airport from monday to wednesday
I've been using my account while abroad for a while but only recently I've been charged a fee. Why am I only being charged a fee now.
I would like to exchange currencies
how many personal days have i taken
what's my routing number
which way do we go and how long will it take to get to the sears tower in chicago
There is an odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's the reason for that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound.
can you share with me your interpretation of the meaning of life
thank you for helping me
Hello. I looked at my account and see that a transaction I tried to do is pending, but I did not complete that transaction. When I was at the ATM, the machine declined my card. Can you make sure that transaction does not go through because I definitely did not receive the money.
what is the weather going to be like
transfer happy to my rb playlist
define flabbergasted
what's the timezone over there
I can't transfer money from my account.
Is it snowing right now?
show me nearby takeout restaurants
yeap you've got your understanding right.
Can I change my currency from USD to EUR?
My virtual card is just not going through.
Olly, i fell at work today.
open my notes
What do I do if my card is not working?
what you age on your last birthday
$1 charge in transaction.
tell me about the presidential race
Alexa, please play the Broods
Does it cost anything and how long would it take to get a card if I need a new one? My card is about to expire.
Send email to mom asking about the weather.
Tune in to my favorite radio station please.
Is there a fee when I get cash from an ATM? Is there a limit I can take out? If there is a fee, what is it?
What will be the weather 3 days from now in 5 major cities near me.
what are movies that are playing near me with high reviews
please can you say the last again.
tweet I'm complaining about to consumer service
My meeting friday is in eastern standard time
Why does the top-up need verification?
What movies are showing in cinema today
What time does Mondays meeting start?
do i have enough fuel to get to tampa
what plugs are in england
how can i keep my credit score from falling
do i have any vacation time left
What age do you have to be to open an account?
What's going on here ?
clear out the problem
uh what does the current date happen to be
Play my Rap playlist
What do you charge for top ups?
Clear my calendar for the rest of the day.
get rid of everything on my calendar
When and where is June's birthday party?
Can you explain your speech algorthm to me?
how old were you on your last birthday
are you actually a person
Open a reply message
does australia have different plug sizes
Transfer unable to be completed, states 'declined'
I took out cash abroad and the exchange rate isn't correct.
Delete event for Tuesday
BBC World Headlines
Open up a new list.
Do you accept cheques for top-up?
Am I booked for something?
i want to switch out of whisper mode
what is the matter?
will you allow more spending on my visa
i want to listen daily to this song
would not really mind for whatever.
musch appreciated, it's fantastic.
Why was a payment cancelled on my account?
What's the easiest way to cook pasta?
list phone and email id of robert
My transfer failed to process correctly. Is there a reason this would happen?
My account is depleted. Can I transfer funds from another bank?
set an alarm for four thirty tomorrow, please
I want to hear some radio pop, please.
exchanges rates any problems
send an email to my wife about next week weather
What movie did Megan Fox star in?
open songs by prince
i would like to listen to this mornings mike and mike podcast
i need to to the female voice
order chinese food
What do I have pending?
do i have any meetings between 1 and 8 pm
Tell me something exciting.
how much australian dollars one can buy for one pound sterling
set me up with an uber
maybe yes, maybe no
Can you change my currency to EUR?
how do you pan sear a porterhouse steak
Why isn't my money from a check deposit showing?
Take off item 3
show me roundtrip flights from dallas to houston for march 7 and march 10
tweet terrible service
My card payment has been declined
Can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in West Philadelphia?
What do I do if the ATM took my card?
book an outstation cab for tomorrow
Are you located in other countries?
what kind of questions do you accept
really i would not mind.
How long will my transfer be pending for?
I submitted my transfer but it has been pending for quite a while and I was wondering what takes so long? why hasn't it completed
turn on 89x
tell me a joke about lawyers
play snake with me
I need to know the process to transfer money into my account.
After putting in the wrong PIN too many times, I was blocked. Can you assist me in changing it?
Remove the SMS recipient which have initials S
would you look up roundtrip flights from dallas to houston for march 7 and march 10
Hello- It is urgent I get a refund on this product. The merchant has not been helpful, what can I do now to get this resolved ASAP?
can you set an alarm for me
I would like to dispute a payment I didnt make
Please tell me which fiat currencies you support.
lower the speakers
yeah you got the answer perfectly.
can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti
am i required to get a vaccine for this trip
erase the meeting tomorrow at 10am
send a text to mom i'll talk to you later
can you put mopping on my to do list
can i rent a car out of lax from tuesday to thursday
what date does my apple juice expire
I need to add pasta and milk to the grocery list.
search schedules for this week
hey ai cancel it now
today how many alarms do i have set
How far is the distance to RCCG ikoyi Lagos from here by train?
what should i do if my car battery dies
object identifier
talk in whisper voice
will i have to wait to get a table at ihop
how long does it take to get to houston by bus
can you get me any recommendations for the place i'm traveling to
6:00
Give me the newest New York Times.
i need help paying my cable bill
do i have any alarms set for six am tomorrow
what's the conversion rate of 100 dollars to euros
what is the minimum i can pay on my credit card bill
activate the vacuum
I topped-up my account, but I don't think it went through.
how do you say my name
i need to add this new contact for sam smith ssmith@yahoo dot com
quickly disconnect the phone
thanks but it was not the right answer.
I think my card is broken or something. I tried using it and it wouldn't go through, please help.
what are the main attractions in gatlinburg
bring up facebook and wish a happy birthday to the country usa
My card is stuck inside the ATM.
Show me Boston's current time
i'm wanting you to flip a coin
could you please check and confirm that.
will i be able to open an account for my daughter
increase the volume to seventy percent
olly shut up please.
how long is the chicken gonna take
can you check and confirm my last command please.
what's the water bill
check currencies
turn off lighting
what is the status of my order no?
i can't say
Will it rain tomorrow?
What are the latest world news?
Play my summer jams playlist.
please find a mail address of manoj and tell me
please list my meetings for today
turn your volume up
when did pop it like it's hot come out
please create a new list for me
go now and increase the volume to 4 please
remove twenty fourth march meeting from schedule
I could not transfer to a beneficiary
reset alarm
can you tell me about the alarm called bed
My transfer was wrong, are you able to stop it before it goes through please?
what is the current exchange rate for the dollar and the yen
exchange rate between dollar and mexican peso
I got charged and extra fee when I transferred money so why was I charged?
i am making broccoli cheddar soup, what ingredients do i need
get info
which event is going on in my area?
PDA I like electronic music
tell me what's on the calendar for saturday
is weather normal today?
i want to hear an interesting fact about dinosaurs
i'd say no
Open my twitter account and tell sams club they made my cake order delicious
remove my dinner event for monday
Define inflation and describe it's effects on an economy.
how big is russia
check detail.
I am yet to receive the money in my account how long will this take?
I recently bought something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect. Why?
how many sunday having this month?
are eggs on my list, if not add them
what is the square root of forty two
How can my account have money transferred into it?
someone
i would not mind, olly.
i missed what you said, please say it again
Please, I need your help as to whether or not you have money for a large refunded purchase I made. I requested it some time ago from the seller, but nothing is showing up.
from where can i get a train ticket for athens
Talk quieter please.
make a reservation for 2 at red lobster at 8pm
what food items do you put in english breakfast
can i get the time
PLZ RAISE THE LIGHT, I AM NOT COMFORTABLE AT THIS.
stop, i changed my mind
set a reminder to buy bread
clear my next event
Can I get a disposable card?  How many can I have?  How often can I use them?
Please respond to the email I just read.
I have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it. How do I stop the transfer?
is there a better way to check my visa rewards card balance
How old is Hugh Jackman?
s1, can you rephrase me more on the last sentence please.
Can I put my found card back into the app on my phone?
show me my ten most recent transactions on account xyz
What are my plans for today?
how long will it take to get a new card
is my package able to be tracked by you
Which outlets accept my card?
can you show me how to report a lost card
could you speak more softly
I made a cash deposit to my account but i don't see it
where should i travel to next
alexa describe a seashell
Tell me some business news.
please will you further clarify me on that.
x is your new nickname
turn my morning alarm on
artificial intelligence
I put my check in the bank, but I haven't gotten my cash yet?
are you employed by someone
tell me today's direction
Fix my top up
I need an actual card that I can hold in my hand, how do I do that?
Is it going to rain today?
i need an alarm set for ten pm and midnight
you can dusting off my todo list
can i increase the credit limit on my capital one card
I want to change my account details.
any recent emails
please delete what i just typed
i haven't checked my facebook yet are there any updates from my close friends
can i improve my credit score
can you tell me the time at san francisco
My card payment says pending and it hasn't changed
I had a great day today, What do you think Olly?
write an email recipient ray
i need to book a roundtrip flight from dallas to los angeles from march 2 to march 10
show pending reminders
Play music that are classical only.
please stop for a bit
show todays reminders
as my visa got a high enough limit on it
list emails from jim for today
i want to hear that the procedure spoken again.
Did I leave myself any reminders?
book a ticket to ny by train
would you check my last question please.
prepare coffee
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order
Are there steps I need to take before my card expires?
turn off the rice cooker socket
how warm is it outside right now?
open company name and find complaints
what ingredients are in cake
make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
delete the last line
Remind me when I am at the library to get a new library card
What is the current temperature and humidity outside
what is the total amount that i have spent on the cash app for this month so far
does not matter.
make the lights shine blue
Is there a way my new card can be renewed?
beach
Why can't you allow my beneficiary?
Could you help me reactivate my card? It was previously lost, but I found it this morning in my jacket.
How old do my children need to be to open an account?
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
i can not see my top up
how about a game of snakes and ladders
I've deposited a check but the cash isn't showing that it's there yet.
may i suggest we put paper towels on my list for shopping
i would like to hear what you've just said again.
Are you able to make exchanges to EUR?
Do the disposable cards have restrictions?
i really need to jump start my car
is there a way to clear my calendar
I just got my card and want to use it, how do I activate my card?
Why am I being charged for ATM fees?
check emails
My friend says he hasn't received my transaction
help me solve this math equation
musch appreciated, that's good.
Show me the latest news from The Gaurdian
Order a double bacon cheeseburger with bacon an white american cheese.
when did i get my last paycheck
I was charged multiple times for one transaction.
show me this week's forecast
What does it mean if my top-up has not gone through?
oven set it to 350
I am just waiting for the transaction to be completed.
what is this place
how much did i get paid
I'm not sure what to do about the PIN, because I don't have one yet.
Robot, do the whole house now
What are the steps to finishing up with this account?
Did you set the phone on flight mode?
clear all data from calendar
Do I get charged if I am receiving money?
set a two day notification before maria's birthday please
whats the predicted weather suppose to be like
I bought something, but the exchange rate looks wrong.
Resume the playback of Zanes Sex Chronicles
Define, triscadecaphobia.
romantic light setting please
Do I have a meeting this afternoon?
could you shut off.
I tried activating my card and it doesn't work how do I solve this problem?
did you get the details correctly?
Raise speaker volume
Shuffle this playlist.
tell me that words spoke again please.
Why haven't I received a refund yet?
Find and queue all songs of Kate Perry and play all without shuffling.
that has to be false
What's the highest mountain range in the world?
remove vegetables from the list
My money is all gone. What ways are okay to add money to my account?
How long is the Nile?
prepare email for susan
I have a payment I didnt make on my account
please change the color of my lights surprise me
Tell me the music that is playing.
please tell me the definition of home
how do i go about getting cash for my card points accumulated
hey ms the email address of john miller
My card will not work
book me a train ticket for saturday
My card's expiring a month from now, should I place an order for the new card?
what do i do if i lost my luggage
How many contacts are there named John.
I purchased some makeup through a site in China, and I was under the impression that when I make transfers there is no fee.  Why am I seeing this fee now?  I am not happy about this at all.
Facebook Status: Anyone wanna go to the movies?
What is the time in L.A.
play it after five minutes
remove the next event on my calendar
Mike will send me an email tomorrow. Can you please set up an alarm 15 minutes after receiving that email?
Tell me how to verify a top up.
I think someone stole my card number and brought stuff in different places that I have never been to. I need to suspend any further purchase on my credit card.
please explain your answers further.
let's play a game together
what is my apr
i dunno
would you stop please.
incorrect command.
how long will it take me to get to park avenue considering current traffic
What are the Vietnamese restaurants in the area
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
did i spend too much dough on donuts last week
remove my wake up alarm
Im not sure if a seller is giving me my money back! I asked them to refund my money for the item but It's been a week now and still nothing has been given back to me. Can you resolve this for me?
something
is there a spending limit
can you help me locate my phone, please
my cash balance less than what I thought
do you have the mailing address for the electric company
What is Channing Tatum's Birthday?
Add an appointment with my dentist for 10 a.m. next Monday.
please give me my gps coordinates
what is the protocol for modifying my insurance policy
when is my chase visa due
add dr rosenstock as an email contact
clear all events from march seven
i want to know if you are a cat or dog person
Why did I not get my refund yet?
What are the steps to finishing up with this account?
that is of no importance for me, olly.
Are there fees for adding money using an international card
Why was my transaction charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
do not mind for any one.
What is this extra fee while I was doing a transfer?
what is the status of my frontier flight
what is 543 times 344
Hello, I have noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks atm machine.  I made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine, a fee was assessed to my withdrawal.  Are these types of transactions free of charge?
when is the next scheduled holiday
let me know some things to do in phoenix
Which ATM's accept my card?
show me the transaction on the food
turn on spotify shuffle
play keno
what in on my to do list of events
I need to transfer something ASAP from China, how long will it take to post to my account?
I have a top-up that's still pending and wanted to know about it.
Read the ticket for Tesla
what is my routing number on my checking account
How do I activate a new card?
who's responsible for your existence
what is the limit for top-ups?
Book a train ticket to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30pm today
I sent some money to somebody a couple of hours ago, and they still have yet to receive it.  They really need the money, how much longer are they going to have to wait?
give me the stock price for tommy hilfiger
find gluten free bakery near me
Why isn't my card working anymore?
perfect response to command.
What lists do I have that I haven't updated one way or another in the past week?
email friend
tell me joe joe's home address
does bill's house of chop suey accept reservations
I was removing a dollar amount from my account and now don't have access to my card.
Got only $20 when I tried to withdraw $100.
Can I wear jeans comfortably this afternoon?
how many rewards points do i have for my wells fargo card
find radio
move 100 dollars from checking to savings
your understanding was exact.
Start X on X radio.
i would like a timer set
show various plants in earth
what is today's weather forecast
i did not say it.
How come I didn't get a virtual card yet?
I didn't make these transactions. Is someone else using my card?
Schedule text messages for later.
Are there limits to businesses that will accept this card?
how can i apply for a mastercard, please
check the last thing said please.
get an uber to the airport
Delete all events and information.
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
lists i have
Please tell me about the events in our area tonight
Tell me everything about UMF
new updates
The exchange rate applied is wrong for my international purchase.
Is my order ready?
is there a time limit on leaving pork in the fridge
on the 22nd of this month, we need to clear our calendar so we can leave it open for mark to visit
book a train ticket to city leeds
what type of nutrition does spaghetti have
siri what does obstacle mean
I topped up my card but the money disappeared.
Is it raining in Boston
tell me how to spell curiosity
stop this process
does the shopping list have apples on it
yes, that's right
LOWER THE LIGHT TO 40 PERCENT
what the highest likes on facebook
Did you set the alarm for 5 AM?
what is the boarding time for my upcoming flight
turn on the rice cooker socket
thanks for the response, olly.
Can I get the food to go?
I would like more physical cards
id like to put in an order for some chinese food with hunan wok
how much money have i spent on restaurants
what is the time in beijing
Next time maybe let people know that buying things from another country costs extra. I used my card to purchase an item from another country and I was charged for the item and also an extra fee it looks like. I wasnt aware of this and I think I should get a refund.
can you find the dave ramsey podcast that aired earlier today
i need to know this song's name
I need to know the process to transfer money into my account.
what's the caloric content of an apple
what are the most popular attractions in gatlinburg
i would like to hear the last one you said again.
that is false
can you send a text for me
PDA please compose email to...
direction to local train station
A card payment on my account is shown as pending.
Echo I want to listen to my playlist will you play it now.
can i change what you call me
Give me the definition of School
do you hear songs of arrahman music
set the alarm for nine am on weekends
How do I transfer funds if I am paid in GBP?
If I need more cards, are there any fees?
i'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order.
what times do my alarms go off
when you roll a six sided dice what is the results
what does h2o stand for
When will my transfer from the US get here?
dammit, it isn't what i wanted.
grapes have what kind of nutritional facts
can i get some more checkbooks sent to me, please
Why do you have an identity check?
play lady now
add chives to my shopping list
what's my oil change status
what you just said is true
what is playing
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
give me the time in london
Choose a brighter color for reading.
Play me the new podcast from NPR.
i won't require my reservation anymore
at what time does the next redsox game start
bring me ticket of train to city leeds
do I need to carry sunglasses outside
What is garam masala?
please call china wok and order number seven
If I wanted to change my PIN, how would I do that?
can you lie?
pull up the shopping list
lower the brightness
shit, not correct.
i would like you to help me get on another united healthcare insurance plan
i'm intereted in requesting pto from april 1-5
Will my money be of equal value when I travel abroad?
i'd like to know my minimum payment please
have i been giving lot of money to food to food lately
Why didn`t my topup go through?
i am not so clear about that.
whats my count of vacation days used thus far
Can you help me track my card?
tell me a little more about the status of my credit card application
where is the coldest place in the world
let me know the time in india
Add a party in NY city for this saturday
can you find animal crossing
Get rid of my current alarms
remind me to meet with steve at one pm tomorrow
Please describe laptop
Olly tell me what lists I currently have
please tweet the following complaint
how long do i cook the chicken roast
yeah exactly.
read me some more deadly death killers
my card is damaged and no longer function
What's the procedure for getting a card?
it has a meaning of rhythm
Draft response to John's email
what is your current age
i need to set up a direct deposit for my paycheck
Where did he was yesterday?
i need to call my coworker
i would like brenda to have my location
It's been a week and I have done everything that I was asked to do and still nothing. I have contacted the seller and have not gotten a response. Please understand my frustration and put the money back in my account.
What is the weather in Los Angeles
Can I return an item?
What's the email address of Silvia?
can you text walt and tell him to meet me at the car wash
tell me the fuel type used by my car
Help! I made a transfer in error and need to cancel it before it's complete!
I need to make my card PIN a different number
Play radio music.
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that in reality I didn't make. Maybe someone has access to my card?Can you check whats the issue ?
Why have I all of a sudden been charged for my ATM withdrawal? I thought the withdrawals were free because this is the first time I've ever had this problem.
is apple pay a top up service?
The fee charged when I changed rubles into British pounds was too much.
can you please order some food for me
i have a meeting tomorrow morning at ten please remind me
can you tell me my visa's reward balance
siri what does obstacle mean
is it possible to pay my bill
how many dollars are in a euro
please can you check the last thing i said.
when can i pick up my order
i would like you to check and confirm the details please.
add new email address
ok
give me red lights
tell me how much i have spent on grocery shopping just now
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
Can I get a card in the US?
what is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
can you find the dave ramsey podcast that aired earlier today
yeap perfect response.
what did the s n. p close out at
I need help reapplying my top-up. It seems it isn't working.
is there more traffic in canal street
who brought you up
can you please set up a meeting for 3:00 on wednesday
call and order pizza for delivery
play solitaire
i’m leaving-goodbye!
I was wrongfully charged one pound.
play my station
add ashley to the wedding invite list
go ahead and flip that coin, i am choosing heads here
hey i want to get trains to manchester on Wednesday
remind me the upcoming meeting at four am today
how much have i spent on books recently
What does my facebook feed look like?
pair with my smart phone
turn the smart plug on
will i be charged if i use my card in china
olly that's all, stop it.
pull up my shopping list for me
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
My morning transaction needs to be canceled.
can i transfer my 401k somewhere
share me a joke
Does the fee for exchange change?
Talk to me about the list
do i have a new email from sandy
Calendar up, when is my financial meeting on Friday?
There is a fee from a transfer that is not supposed to be here!
that would be false
Why is the exchange rate on my card wrong?
top news on international women's day
play the jungle book
I've been unable to pay contactless with my card for over a week now. Is there a way to fix this issue?
my car's been throwing cels that i think are oil related, so i'm wondering if it's time to take it in or not
send a complaint to sony about this tv that quit working
please be quiet for another hour
I do not know what this cash withdrawal is
In the app, I see a withdrawal I didn't make.
i'd like to know who made you
what's the answer to it all
how much is 1 USD in INR
what company designed this
what are all my lists please
I got charged for with a fee for paying with my card.
How much are the rates of exchange?
friend updates
My card payment did not work.
Let me know the time of the train to New York
how can i change inches into meters
what name do you answer to
what name do you call me
i want to pay my amazon credit card but i need to know the last few transactions
set reminder for tomorrow to eat
My card stopped working
tell me what my health plan is called
The app says I made a cash withdrawal even though I didn't.
give me the driving directions from faripir to gurpur
I want to change the wrong exchange rate.
post new status
what can i do to get rid of this event
please repeat
what s the uv index tomorrow
any news from Agnes?
find the song with, "baby shark, doo doo
I want to transfer money to a beneficiery. Why can't I?
Can I edit my personal details?
open saga
hey how old are you
share the nutrition info for brownies with me
What is 10 divided by 5
Do I have any events going on this weekend?
Can I get an actual card
could you please rephrase me about last sentence further.
give me the news
tell me about alarms
I transferred money yesterday, but it still isn't available?
what type of plug does the country use
I just moved overseas and I noticed that you are charging me more fees.  I am a loyal customer, is this how you expect to keep customers?
Is there a reason that the ATM declined my transaction?
start robot cleaner
play my country playlist
On/off mobile charger plug
make me coffee
i want my account locked out
What is the pending payment on my card about?
Where can I check out the source of available funds in my account?
I need a list of my clients today, make one
do you know of any good mexican restaurants in seattle
you have done that correctly appreciated.
do i need to wear sunscreen today
I asked for 100 but only got 20.
How would my friend be able to send me money?
Can you tell me what currency I can have?
I need to turn on the plug in my office for my computer.
can you change your language to japanese
how do I get my card to show in the app?
I would like to reactivate my card that I previously reported lost. I located the card this morning.
Where is miami
What time is it in Dallas?
please check recent emails from new contact
What is the best recipe for a margarita?
who takes less of duration of time for delivery
How can I top up my account and which currency can I use?
remove all my engagements from calendar for tomorrow
how do i convert inches and centimeters
I would like to exchange currencies, how do I go upon it?
asking for this technology
I need to do a card activation.
what time is it in new york city
Please help my find out why there is an odd direct debit in my records.
Olly, how many calories is in an apple?
find out if i can rent a car in los angeles from march 2-9
I got charged fees for withdrawing cash!
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
give me some ideas of how to avoid my credit score lowering
all lights colour to blue please
what do i bring in over a year
will you confirm that please.
increase the volume please
pay my electric bill from my paypal account
put shoes on my list
Remove the fundraiser for dolphines in April.
Can you play Prince and similar artists?
how is the new movie swat
grubhub order
show me all my pending reminders
tell me all about the trivia with friends
where is the venue?
How do I top up by cheque?
please would you tell me one more time again.
Help me delete my account.  I am not satisfied with the service.
Transfers from the US how long will the wait be?
My salary comes in GBP can I change my options somewhere?
why wasn't a transfer to account approved
Do I have to pay for a second card?
Tell me about the card PIN?
Can I top-up my card using a bank transfer.
What is the latest headline news from this newsource
how do i change my oil and what kind do i need
I still don't have a refund.
I need to get up at ten tomorrow.
please let's try it one more time again.
check facebook and twitter and tell me if anything interesting is happening
the lights are too bright
please start the coffee pot
please would you say again.
TOMAROW WILL BE CONDUTING AN MEETTING IN REQUIERD MANER
I had to pay in order to do a transfer
delete all events in calendar
good work, you've done well.
my card is lost what do i do
would you please once again rephrase me on your answers.
Remind me of my meeting
can you shuffle the light colors in the house
schedule taxi pickup for monday at noon
can you change the lights to white
This company is terrible! Can you delete my account?
remove all events from my calendar
Am I free to top-up as much as I want?
tweet complain about service A
How young can I be to open my own account?
where did you originate from
Add weekly 1pm call to calendar
please check and repeat this song one time more
fraud in weighing products
turn on some music
The app doesn't know it's me.
display my location on the map
what is the level of air pressure of my tires
retry the last spoken.
Who do I call to activate my new card?
how many miles per gallon am i getting
the check engine light is on and i need a mechanic
get local events
how much longer before the card is mailed to me
remove alarm of six am on tuesday
PDA, I want to turn on the robot vacuum cleaner.
Can I exchange and hold all fiat currencies?
do you have a record of when i last got my car checked
does the ai have hobbies
that's wrong
What was the subject of my last email to Tom?
After my card expires what should I do?
can you tell me the apr on my visa card
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
i'm curious what health plan i'm on
what is 13 times 57
what does obama do in his day to day life
I tried to take out cash but the amount isn't right, so what do I do?
play music i have liked
did linda connors reply to any of my emails this morning
I need a refund on a direct debit that shows in the app because I did not make it.
resume my audiobook where we paused last
ah that's good job.
Why hasn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
i need to know current weather in new york city
I need immediate assistance in canceling a transfer which was a mistake. Please help me quickly so this does not go through.
clear my to do list
can i book a hotel in new york city near times square from 3/1 until 3/5
what new movies are played in cinemas this week
Cancel alarm
i gotta know when should i get my oil changed next
switch back to your factory settings
order me some doritos, please
where did you live before you moved here
whats the due date for z bill
Play Maroon 5 playlist
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
The app does not know it is me.
play the next episode of radiolab
hey olly play the radio
olly talk to you later on.
make the lights off
you got the command perfectly.
I'm checking the app and I see a payment that's not mine.
thanks but it is not correct command.
oops, you did not get me.
I made a purchase and it says it's pending. What does that mean?
do you know how i can change my insurance policy
we need an uber pool for 2 passengers going to the greenboro airport
is my tire pressure high
I want to make an online purchase but I don't want to use my credit card. Can you tell me how a disposable virtual card works and where I can apply for one?
don't mind for whatever.
what should i watch today
Delete the next wedding event
will you buy me underpants
please show me the list that i have
remember that this is my favorite music
delete my calendar
How do I report my card stolen?
Where is the closest Mexican restaurant?
can you just use regular milk instead of buttermilk
start a grocery list
My top up failed.
what has been the best selling product on sports category in amazon for the last 3 days?
app doesnt think its me
Let's play 90s music hits
when was my car last in the shop
does medical debt hurt my credit score
yeah strongly agree.
do you know any good jokes
Send an email to mom.  What is the weather like there this week?
i am the living blues
I have a card payment that I don't recognize. What should I do?
recent particular subject news
inform my bank that i will be in rome from february 1 to march 1
how safe is it to travel to germany
how many species of bees are there in the united states
i need to set up a new pin number for my college fund account
tell me how to improve my credit score
I need to update my demographics.
alexa play from my last session of joes book.
Why was I charged an extra pound?
please cross off schedule acupuncture appointment off of the to do list
what's the timezone over there
i want to hear something funny about history
How many of my sports podcasts have new episodes I have not listened to yet?
I don't want to verify my identity
When do I need to leave to pick up my order?
I need assistance activating my card?
what is my hourly rate
Lights off
I need to dispute a direct debit.
Help my find the verification code on a top-up.
what time can i call from pennsylvania and it will be business hours in australia
reset to factory settings
Is my pending cash withdrawal processed?
exact response to the command.
tell me the expiration date on my credit card
what is my next reminder
what is the meaning of word alliance
Within the past 3 months how many meeting did I have with Mr. Richards
it is too dark in here increase the brightness of the lights
please replay your last statement.
I have a reverted top up I made and wanted to know why it didn't go through.
Is there somewhere I can send a check to add to my account?
please put milk on my list i just used the last of it
Why won't my transfer go through?
Why would my card payment get reverted?
Play a song from  Illaiyaraja's composition
Please show me best run program in Jodhpur
does it cost to exchange currencies?
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at chili's for bart
My top-up has not posted.
create an alarm for today at ten am
PDA turn light off
do you remember where i left my cellphone
i would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from subway
Is there a way to reset the passcode?
roll a die
Can I exchange from USD to GBP?
will you turn the alarm off for me?
transfer four and sixty seven dollars from bank of oklahoma checking to security bank account
raise the brightness of the lights
Can i have a virtual card?
How do I reset my PIN?
I seem to have a problem here, I bought something about a 2 weeks ago and just now received the payment back into my account and I've already received the item. Can you tell me what is going on here?
what is a sphere
What does it mean when my top up is saying  still pending?
explain further.
would you cancel it please.
i'm not doing thing this week
clarify me further on that please.
I deposited a check but my balance is still the same.
show me my events
how many culver's take reservations
when was i paid most recently
Alexa, cancel my 8 o'clock meeting tomorrow.
no, this is not what i am looking for.
once again explain your answer.
that was cool, i appreciate it.
how do i know if you are a real person
might we go to the next song
IS PERSON IS INCREADABLE
Can you show me how to verify the top-up card?
Olly, do I have any new email from Ryan?
My payment's stuck on pending.
I live in America, but I would like a card.
tell me a joke about the topic of mice
what time is it in that city
are french fries health or not
Echo will you look up Joe's contact information for me.
I have multiple charges on the same transaction.
What's happening in Cambridge
what genre is most played on my music player
I was so embarrassed. Why didn't my payment clear?
tune into the nearest english fm station
what kinds of taxes am i facing
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
did i set an alarm to wake up in the morning
what is happening in delhi today
it is helpful, thank you so much, olly.
I purchased something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect.
Olly How do I cook a pasta?
Remind me of my 12 oclock meeting by 11:30
How do you decide what the exchange rates are?
find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the us please
what is the cheapest ticket available next week for a round trip three day trip to iceland
Send an email to my boss.
how can i order more checkbooks by mail
oh my god why did you do that.
Where is the PIN for my card located?
delete the last list
I am yet to receive my pin.
Why did I get less cash than what I asked in the ATM?
how can i go about improving my credit score
My refund isn't going fast enough.
Is there any train ticket availabl?
i would like to attend church every sunday at eleven am
how much is my rent
order me a large ham and olive pizza from dominos
i need my luggage found, i was on delta flight ab123 out of san francisco
Olly I need to know if I have any new reminders?
Can I make many disposable cards per day?
does my car have enough gas to get to detroit
make me a coffee
whats the status of my frontier flight
There was an extra fee when I paid with my card, why was i charged this extra fee?
what is rock sand
i would like to hear what you just said again.
I would like to cancel a payment. I purchased something several days ago and i still have not received it.
i have a fraudulent transaction from wal mart showing on my account
i really gotta book a place to stay in phoenix from the 5th to the 9th of march
make this a bit louder
i want you confirm that please.
why was my transfer declined
tell me if i need any more vaccines if i go there
show me what the ingredients are
system pull any traffic news for my commute
Can I change my pin number at a cash machine?
correct response to the command.
tell me the name of the composer
what is today's close of goog
I can't seem to get my virtual card to work.
There is a pending transaction on my account, what does this mean?
can you please tell me who are you
remove the sync from my phone
how much meat should i buy to serve ten people
Could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
i like you to check and confirm the command please.
i call tails for a coin flip you need to do right now
What is the closest ATM?
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
What's the best way to use a cheque to top up?
make me some coffee from the coffee machine
make an eft to my savings from my checking account
unset all alarm which is set
PDA, how do you use an oven
I would prefer a visa card
does village inn let you make reservations
i appreciate your helps.
how is the weather in miami
who delivers near here
shit, i think incorrect.
My new pin needs to be set.
find apple on list and remove
retrieve my current mpg on my car
How many things do I have planned tonight?
you've done it correctly appreciated, olly.
i can not quite catch that.
check for this mail in my contact if not then add it
play music from a given artist
can you explain string theory to me
what is two plus four
i couldn't get what you just said now.
How much do you charge for exchange rates?
i like you confirm last thing said please.
take a coin and flip it and i call tails
What's the dollar's exchange rate with the Euro?
What can i pay with out  fees
what are the carry-on rules
how do they say "how's it going" in swahili
say it again
would i be safe if i traveled to japan
thanks but i think you got me not correct.
describe about it
i'd like to make a reservation at rooth chris, can you do that
delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks
activate vacuum
can i use strawberries instead of pineapples for this
that is useful,.
tell me the current time in san paulo brazil
please tell me that message spoke once more.
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to pali
Why was I charged a fee for a transfer?
call me a taxi to the airport at five am
i didn't catch that
when did i take my car to the mechanic
is socket converter required in france
add this email to my contact
speak quieter
this doesn't really matter to me.
Can I use this all over the world?
please give me a rundown of my reminder list
can i get the definition to ambulance
I won't verify my identity.
I entered a wrong PIN too many times. How can I fix this?
do i still have vacation days
Will there be a fee to receive a physical card?
What works for identity verification?
Can you please update me on my lists?
why is Donald Trump famous
what is the radius of the biggest crater on Earth?
play r and b
Why is the transfer still pending?  Can I do something?
will you flip a coin
when do you think i should replace my tires because i replaced them on 12/21/17
I'm worried my card might be lost in the mail? How long does it usually take to arrive?
which song is this one
Is it possible for me to top up with cash?
what's my next scheduled alarm
i appreciate your response.
can you confirm instruction.
could you elaborate me more on your response please.
PDA what's on the calendar today?
My refund is not showing up in my account. Where is it?
let me know as soon as there is more news on _____
please put a block on my us bank account immediately
give my gps location to jason
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
what song is playing
when is the next day off
how soon should i get my tires changed
call me ishmael
How long does it take for my physical card to be delivered.
what apr do i have with my credit card
What's the deal with no cryptocurrency on your app?
play music now from radio plus
are there any grocery stores nearby
good food
What options do I have when topping up a US card?
turn off the nearest light to me
what is the carry-on policy for flights on american airlines
pizza has which ingredients
how many alarms have i set
switch over to whisper mode
Are there any limits to were my card is accepted?
give description of statue of liberty
is there a reason i need to verify top up
An ATM machine didn't return my card.
s1, please again elaborate me about your answer.
whats the time in denver?
please cancel that last command
how old
play the radio station rock one hundred and eight
usd to yen is what right now
to what animal species do your pets belong
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
bye for now
Which cards do you guys support? I want to top up using my credit card.
I am not receiving the correct exchange rate on my card.
s2, i don't get your words.
Play my all time favorite songs
I want to play blackjack.
Use credit card to transfer money
how do i report that i lost the card
please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
I was charged extra when I made a cash withdraw, why?
Open my podcasts
I need to change a transfer.
It looks like I was charged a withdrawal fee for going to my ATM. Why is that because I haven't been charged previously for doing so?
how to cook crabs
I am still waiting for a transfer I did
hey olly make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
can you book a table at the restaurant for me and my husband
flip a quarter
please say things more quickly
how many mpgs does this car get on the highway
Take away from the list all food items with prefix dry
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa?
how time is it
please book an uber for chima's
calculate the amount of gas i currently have
Will it snow tomorrow at noon?
Can you tell me how to tell where my funds come from?
you did good job,, olly.
yeap answer was good.
can you translate cat into russian for me
please olly put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival diwali
forex rate of euro to u. s. d.
What is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros?
My card is almost expired.  How fast will I get a new one and what is the cost?
I need to get going at 8am tomorrow. Set up an alarm 30 minutes before that.
when will i received a replacement card
remove my shopping list
what does my to-do list consist of
book a train ticket for tomorrow going to new york
is there any new news on trump
where is the nearest arco gas station to macdonalds
i made a transaction recently
what is photosynthesis
who brought you to life
Olly what shops are within ten miles?
What countries do you currently do business in?
please flip the coin
Do I have any upcoming reminders?
Where do I go to terminate my account?
My new card is here, what's the process for activating it?
I have a new card and I can't add money to it.  I tried about 30 minutes ago and it is still pending.  What do I do?
I noticed the currency exchange rate was incorrect after paying for something in a foreign country.
Can I pay online with my card?
could you turn the light off
Echo, remove my work alarm
Why has my beneficiary been denied?
add light
Where can I find information about where my money came from?
I have a pending cash withdrawal
I want to remove the grocery list from my other lists.
Can a credit card be used to transfer money?
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
did you get the last thing said correctly?
i would like to hear heathens by twenty one pilots
denver's timezone is what
can you book a train ticket for my mother
what are some fun local experiences in canada
When will my funds transfer?
When do i activate auto top-up?
Why was my virtual card rejected?
order a pizza with sausage from domino's
Show me the source of my money.
What is the importance of verifying the top-up?
what is there to do besides drink in germany
What exchange rate is it?
I went to use my new card today and the card was repeatedly declined. I would really like to use this card and need to know what to do about it.
how is my calendar looking for may 6th
can you please read the my mom sent this morning at ten am
How long is US delivery?
I've been waiting since Friday, where is my money?
what went on in the world today
What is it like outside?
please will you check my last instruction.
show a new list
Please tell my why I was charged a fee for using my card?
are there any travel alerts for syria
Give me a new light color.
i left my phone somewhere
Does the app allow for exchanges between currencies?
How do you Top Up on the apple watch?
shut down the plug
I want to reply to this email.
Please turn the lights off in the bathroom.
I made a transaction this morning but I need to revert it now.
get me top headlines
please give me all shop names in a two mile radius
Can you tell me list of events for this weekend in Pondichery?
Olly, remind me about my next meeting, a few hours ahead of time.
I'm having problems with ID verification
cancel the plan of party
what is the process to set up a meeting
remove any kind of list
please tell me my todo list
what is twenty four times twenty four
How can I obtain a virtual card?
i'd like to hear what you've said again.
are there any unread messages in my inbox
cut red peppers from groceries
you have gotten that perfectly.
Book a ticket for the evening train line
How long does the cash withdrawal take to pend?
how can i locate my credit score
Is there any cost to change foreign money to local?
i want to see my entertainment transactions
I lost my passcode.
Where do I go to fill out the identity form?
wouldn't bother, olly.
centre of browsing
I can't withdraw any money from my account. Ive tried a couple different ATM machines and both of them wouldn't give me my money. What's going on? Is my account frozen or something?
play all by the beatles
silence
I have a transfer that's pending and wanted to know how long it is going to take to process?
i need guidance on changing my oil
I was charged for the same thing twice
give details of rock sand
How do I retrieve my card from the machine?
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
can i make a reservation at michael's
i need lodging in lizton near the ice cream parlor from may 3rd until the 8th
please look up if i can rent a car in houston from march 25 to march 29
Can I use my American Express to add money to my account?
can you cancel that
yeah correct response to the command.
what is the traffic like on the way to makaha
what are the nutrition facts for macaroni and cheese
olly tell me how to cook spaghetti
i just flew in on american airlines flight ab123 from chicago and can't find my luggage
I have a problem!  The ATM stole my card!
dolores how was your day
What defines a triangle?
i need to know today's date please
if idle then turn off else turn on
how old are you, ai
can you tell me the drive time to the nearest gas station
can you please rephrase further.
that is not the right location.
I would like Classic Country
Why did it cost money to transfer funds?
are you an automated assistance
Is there a reason my payments are pending?
add butter to the list
Olly how is the new movie SWAT
create a new list for me please
Please help me find my top-up verification code
who is the better half of obama
hail taxi
today how many alarms do i have set
Increase the brightness in this room.
what things can you do
what's the exchange rate between the us dollar and the euro
s2, it was not clear to me.
what are the reminder i had set for tomorrow
I do not feel comfortable verifying my identity.
Where do I order additional cards?
How do I troubleshoot Google pay top up?
when do i need to leave to pick up my order
Cancel my meeting for Friday
play from my last session of joes book
The song you are playing is amazing
How can I find a way to transfer money without it being rejected?
will you please turn off the smart plug
How old is Carrie Underwood?
your understanding was exact.
do i have enough in my boa account for a new pair of skis
where can i get organic wheat
Please Siri, put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival Diwali
when does iphone stock usually drop
Am I busy on Wednesday evening?
Why would the app deny my top-up?
I got less cash than the one I specified in the ATM
I need to verify my identity, but how do I do that?
How's the exchange rate?
tell me mary's cell number
why couldn't I use my card at a store?
put $40 from account a to b
does john's pizza have takeaway
When is bank holiday?
set up a taxi for eleven am tomorrow
Transferring money in 2018 to another country shouldn't take this long. My transfer has been pending for too long. I verified my account details are correct.
today's date
Anything good happening this weekend in the area?
is there a train ticket available for boston tomorrow?
Please turn the music up.
Clear my events search data
The set alarm for 9pm on Thursday night.
when my takeaway order will arrive
remind me when a contact calls
hey reply a mail which i received
on my to do list, add cleaning
I can't get my card out of the ATM
Show me the time now in Boston
post pic on my phone on facebook alexa
i was not clear about your answer.
is flight dl123 on time
remind me for tomorrow dinner
what did i tell you to call me
is traffic light
spell water
Cancel all appointments in my calendar.
what is the definition of flange
what's today
Why can't my beneficiary access my account?
help me get my paycheck set up for direct deposit to my chase account
Do I need to do anything today?
what is five divided by one
Would you be so kind as to activate my card? Thanks
disable the alarm which is set at nine thirty pm
would you explain more on your response to me.
What is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar ?
I need a new card.
get the cleaning on
that is unimportant.
what is available in your stock of lists
may i know what is trending in facebook
it's cool, thank you, olly.
wake me at seven am
Could you create a new event with these people only
what is the answer to that question
what kind of tax do i pay
you can call me steve
can i verify my identity i the app
i want to reserve a table at 8 at long john silver's under the name freddie
yes that's correct.
Why did my card get charged twice for a transaction?
can you get me recipes for eggs please
When I was in a restaurant today my card was declined and payment wouldn't go through and I need help. Can you fix this?
decrease brightness of lights
do i need vaccinations if i go this country
I'm trying to figure out the current exchange rate.
I need an actual card that I can hold in my hand, how do I do that?
tweet my complaint on targets customer service
"i'll leave to lax and go to phl for $120 on nov 5th
please cancel the transaction
not right.
uh no, i think not correct response.
play that song called colony of birchman
Explain it to me
i don't understand why my card was declined yesterday
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
my refund has not hit my account yet
that's excellent, thanks, olly.
lets listen to hunt for read october
How strong is the dollar compared to the Peso.
Play the playlist we were listening last night
turn off the living room light
repeat what i've just said please.
how much time do i have before i have to change my tires
thanks for the reply
buy me today train ticket to city leeds
hmm, you gave me wrong information.
how many shares of apple can i get for
Should I bring an umbrella with me right now?
what is on my to do list
My card got blocked, how do I reset?
Please help me as my online payment is getting declined since yesterday while i am trying to purchase something online.
tell me something interesting about elephants
is mary's birthday party tonight
please let's start over.
Is it possible to also get a disposable virtual card?
please cancel all alarms for tomorrow
what's new on my Facebook account?
PDA please make a list.
i want to remove apples from list
change out of whisper mode
once again elaborate me on your response please.
please play back some important points summary
Do you hold money and if so, what currencies do you accept?
your accent needs to be changed
please delete the shopping list
ah it is excellent.
what is my credit rating
Can i dry my clothes on the line?
is it normal to use mayo instead of cheese
Why is there an unknown card payment?
please check command.
are you from here or somewhere else originally
can i get a train ticket to
how do i find my income
will it rain in the noon
What's my calendar today
you need to set the timer for me
what steps should i take if i want to request vacation
What are all the lists I have?
please turn the lights up
how do i spell catheter
when for i meet jane for our meeting
can i take more than one carry on
dammit, i think incorrect response.
I need an accurate exchange rate, when I make my withdrawals.
Did the Yankees win last night?
What do i have to do to change my name?
tell me how many vacation days i've used
I did a transfer earlier but see that it failed to go through.
I need to cancel a transaction.
time to workout
network podcast
hmm, not right response.
Let's reply this email
I need to exchange my GBP to AUD, how would I do this?
what are your exchange rates at?
please will you say what i have just said one more time.
I am seeing a direct debit I wasn't aware of.
i do not really mind, olly.
Why are my transfers getting declined?
brighten my bedroom light
can you check the facts on this issue
Explain why I can't do a transfer to a beneficiary.
Hey Olly, schedule a meeting with Mr. Ross for this Friday noon.
i'd like to know what song this is
origin of word
what is the calorie content of lays chips
text audrey and tell her i will be there soon
what is the availability of meeting rooms during the afternoon
Will I need a new card or can I put my old card back into the app?
There's a problem - I bought something about a week or two ago but just today the payment somehow came back into my account! I already received the item though, what's going on here?
Are there ways for other people to send me money?
My card is no longer lost. How do I enter it back into the app?
Is it free to exchange currency?
olly i need the living room vacuumed can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
i don't want eggs
start over please.
wake me up at this time
get me a flight for tuesday on spiritcom to las vegas from chicago
please shut up.
i think you didn't understand me.
start play fifa seventeen
Does it cost much or take long to get a new card? Mine is about to expire.
Do I get a choice between Visa and Mastercard?
i like justin beibers music please play it
what's the exchange rate betwen usd and euros
how many pounds would i get for dollars
Play fault in our stars on Audible
what's the time it takes to make a decent omelette
raise the brightness of the lights
do i have a busy day today
How do I close my account, since I'm dissatisfied?
how many meters are in 2 inches
how many countries are in europe
I think you reverted my top up.
I have a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
Play my motivational playlist.
i need to know today's cricket match
What is the necessity of verifying the top up?
What's the limit for auto top-up?
Can I have a duplicate second card?
where can i find the mall closest to here
tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
My card was taken by the ATM.
sorry but you had me wrongly.
What currency can I use to add money?
need a taxi tomorrow at eight in the morning
how do i change my oil and choose the right oil
eight am in manila is what in new york
What is the process to get a new card when your old one expires?
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
how do i cook a pasta
How to activate Google Pay for top up?
tell me the top stories in the news
What are the lyrics to this song.
Hey can you delete the list of things I needed to get from the store?
was this song in the top twenty
what is two hundred divided by ten
how long will it take for me to get to red robin in san diego
that's enough, just cancel.
time to get replacement credit card for stolen one
When did Davy Crockett live and die?
olly will you stop it.
send a test email to
I want to make a currency exchange to EU.
Hello,  In my most recent ATM transaction, I didn't receive nearly as much cash as I thought I would - what is your exchange rate policy?
Do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
any one would be fine for me.
How many degrees is it in Orange, Tx right now?
i would like to know when you were born
Are there charges for using a bank card to top up
What is Kevin Spacey doing?
how do i make mashed potatoes
order a train ticket to los angeles
Can I purchase a train ticket today?
What process should I use to transfer money into my account?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount, the app shows the amount that I've been actually charged though...
tell me a clean joke
i need a drink
Please help me, as my topup amount has been reverted, i did it correctly. I think there is some defect in system.
I need to get up at 7:00 am.
check emails from gary for last hour
I did a payment but it was reverted by the app
play back the last message
I didn't get all the cash I asked for
train departure
what do you think you will refer to me as
have i set any alarm for today
my cash balance less than what I thought
how do i get to old street?
Are there fees for receiving a SEPA transfer?
see see for me the alarms that you have set tomorrow morning
identify song
How long will it take for my payment to go through?
call mom
how do you spell syzygy
when I should leave to XXX
pull up all emails sent to me from amazon
My app says I withdraw funds from my account through an ATM.
Open up my sister's email from yesterday, click reply, and turn on voice activation for my response.
i can not catch that.
It seems like I have been waiting forever for this international transfer. Why is it taking so long? C'mon, it's 2018, things happen at a click of a button. All of the account information is correct, so how long will this take?
can you show me how to set up my paycheck to be direct deposit to my first hawaiian bank account
Is there a daily auto top-up limit?
costa mesa weather
what's the time in new york
tell them that their lines were too long
I only have one other credit card from the US. Do you accept that?
rock music playlist
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
Delete my dinner tomorrow.
i got to apply for a new credit card
Which one are you?  Visa or Mastercard?
how does the dollar compare to the pound
Tell me about India location
turn off smart lamp in den
What is the exchange rate like?
Save the email to my contact
send tweet to @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
please remove a list
does ihop have a lot of business around 7 am
Do you support the exchange of EUR from my currency.
What will the weather be today?
show everything on my to buy list
are there alot of cars on the road before the stadium
I noticed an extra pound charge?
was my meeting today rescheduled
I need to go to (location). Book a train ticket.
what is that.
get rid of a list
please tell wanda where i am now
i need to let my bank know i am traveling to paris
I'd rather not use my physical card, how can I get a virtual card?
you've done command correcly.
show news of migration
Is there a way for you to find out why my account was deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
Please check and let me know why my transfers are getting declined.
show me my reminders
search this object's definition
help me book a car rental in chicago for april 1st to 3rd get me an suv if possible
i cannot recall the pin for my savings account
PDA, what's the name of this song?
I have a payment that hasn't went through yet.
can i get the directions to the nearest bar
What happened to the cash that I tried to deposit into my account? It's gone!
what are my options for jump starting my battery
can you tell me when my peco energy bill is due this month
please recommend a restaurant in seattle
mention the time in canada now
what are the best restaurants
Do you accept checks?
goodbye for now ai
Hello, I went ahead and checked my account details to be sure, and they are definitely correct.  I've had a transfer pending for a while, and I can't understand why it hasn't gone through yet.
erase my grocery list
what is the title and artist of this song
Is it possible for me to set up separate accounts for my kids?
can i change your name please
How do I go forth with bank transfers for top up accounts?
do you know what song is playing on the speaker
can you tell me a joke
when is my paycheck arriving
my check engine light is on, i need someone to look at it
can you tell me the drive time to the nearest gas station
i want to pay off my student loan
power <unk> on
please turn the music up
that is enough, stop it.
What have I got going on between 3 and 4pm today?
disable my okug
does osteria francescana take reservations
is there any type of festival going on in town this weekend
How would you describe a person that is called a snowflake?
on account ending in 3838 change my pin to 1234
how do i set up direct deposit to my chase account
I need it delivered on a certain date.
How long do I have  to wait for my transaction to be completed?
Where is the worlds highest falls?
it's useful, i appreciate it, olly.
it is useful, thank you.
List the latest apple stock prices.
i need my todo list read
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
change your colors to something different
Why did you decline my transfer?
go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection
how do i subtract four from two
find out where i can schedule to get my car's tires checked
Can you help me track my card?
please let me know how much my gas bill is
order all items on the list
Set the reminder for upcoming meeting
made media volume louder
give me the weekly weather near me
open email for unread mails
add email to existing contact
remove item from list
How much longer until I get my new card?
how much money am i going to lose this year for state taxes
what are the current movies playing in me area
what we got in that meeting which held yesterday.
i like you to confirm question please.
Add wedding to my claendar
cancel meeting at three
Where is my deposit?
what type of music do i enjoy
my new debit card is lost and i need to report it
i would not really care, olly.
drop a message to Jan, write I will be late
have i set any alarm for today
play some _____
Do I have anything scheduled for tomorrow?
My actual card isn't working.
i need some air; get the fan going
I don`t need apples, remove it from my shopping list
nearest restaurants available at this time
do i have a dentist appointment on monday morning
i would like you to confirm the detail please.
refer to me as bailey
i like the background song
show me how to cook lasagna
Please give me both a visa and a master card.
What's my friend Joe's phone number
make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
Why hasn't my transfer from Europe gone through?
Change my calendar for today
add contacts n mail
enable cleaner robot
play sam harris please
Change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
My top up didn't go through
i have points on my capital one card and i'd like to know how many i've earned
Remember Metallica selections for next time
what are the next three alarms set to go off
Look up news articles about Trump
give some of delete in today events
please open and play chess with me
Why is it taking so long to update my balance transfer?
what things do you know about
save my last playlist
add this email to my address book
Tell me the current time in San Paulo Brazil?
i don't quite catch that.
I'd like to send a reply.
i need to know what i have spent on food recently
I bought an item and noticed the exchange rate was not correct.
Should I pick up some defrosting salt at the store?
What are the latest crime statistics for my area
I am unaware of what my password is.
please give me the road forecast for i95 sb
tell the bank i will be traveling internationally soon
what mistakes do you usually make
can you give me the carry-on rules for american airlines
prepare to send an outgoing reply message
make vacuum cleaner start
I did a cash deposit to my account but it doesn't show up
do i need a converter in barcelona
olly just stop please.
stop after current song
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged for a restaurant visit. Can I get my money back?
How much will I get with the exchange rate?
Change the opacity of the color
what is the temperature the ac display is showing
I would love to hear more songs by that artist
send a text message for me
how do i redeem my visa points
Can I order a card please?
I cant prove who I am
I have a complaint.
Why do I need to verify a top-up?
order two hamburgers for me
now restore the original settings
how do i go about applying for a new credit card
what is the song currently playing
I have a transfer from the US, How long is the wait?
I WANT TO SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FAMILY DO YOU HELP ME?
check the events on calendar and delete the next event
i'd love to hear any song that i've given five stars by serge gainsbourg
change to blue
remind me jack birthday is on 15th march
Why hasn't my refund appeared on my statement?
Which ATMs accept this card?
what do i need to get when i go shopping
i need to throw some money into that other account
may i know what is trending in facebook
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
what's the recipe for tacos
tell me what my credit card's apr is
what is the time difference between new york and lagos
Change my pin?
Remove a list of food items purchased last week.
can you tell me what time is it
Please cancel my last transaction.
Start the satellite music feed.
What is the price of Ford Stock?
Alexa, today I had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart. Play me a nice song to the mood.
How do I get my card to work?
Where can I find how to change my name?
Display available lists
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
when shall i get my tires changed
how does measurement a convert to measurement b
I'm looking for the cash deposit top up option but can't find it. Can you help me?
are there any transaction fees associated with my navy federal card if i am in germany
give details of rock sand
add a new event to my calendar
play that song hey
what's the minimum i owe on the car payment
my card is broken
Whose song is this, PDA?
can you teach me how to change my oil
Set reminder for date night with husband next Friday
record the program and listen later on
I want to hear 103.1.
What are you doing PDA?
Set colour blue for all lights of my house
Tell company their service is bad
what’s the answer to 5-6=
What's an easy recipe to cook for food
i am sorry but you had it wrong.
can i use skim milk instead of 2% in the recipe
create a list of books to be ordered
would you please check it.
i've got a meeting by tonight seven pm please mute the music for an hour
Is GBP a supported currency?
you've done it right thank you very much.
I just transferred some money. Why was I charged a fee?
Can I use app to freeze my card and dispute fraud?
Delete my dentist appointment.
Calender henvich marriage
the meaning of life please
let me know when the replacement card will arrive
how is a typhoon defined
How many cups are in a quart?
do i have any new friend requests
What are your exchange rates calculated from?
take milk off my grocery list
hello beef up the volume a little bit
Find a taxi to go home
Where do you need to live to receive card
I don't know why my payment didn't work.
how does the desk look
i would like to have a cup of coffee
if i travel there, do i need a visa
i don't know how to spell mississippi
I believe you charged me too much to exchange my money
remove apples from my shopping list
i need help changing my 401k after i got a new job
Make the speaker volume on maximum
can you identify this song that's playing
When I received my money, it was not in the correct amount. The exchange rate was not what it should have been.
Make a new list for school supplies
turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my dongle
id like to change your name to max
get me an uber
can i bring perfume on the plane or what is the size limit
Can you tell me what countries you operate in?
PDA can you set up a meeting with me.
can you tell me the time in new york
find me cat trivia now please
What day does Halloween fall on this year?
Let's play scrabble.
How long do I have to wait until the transferred money shows up?
If my account is low in funds, can I set an auto top-up?
Why was I denied the option to transfer money to a selected beneficiary?
i did not say it.
the twenty second is on what day of the week
Where should I look for my PIN number at?
Please explain to me how to know where my funds are from.
How congested is the traffic on my way to work?
what do i owe the government on my taxes
play only particular singer songs
what are good movies playing now
Why do you need so much information to verify my identity?
Why wont the other bank take my money?? Is it not good enough?? There's sufficient funds but I keep getting denied a standard transfer. Ive tried 5 times!
Delete an first event of 22/03/2017
please wake me up at seven thirty am
Alexa, I want to check Julia's available dates, so would you send her mail and ask about it?
Alexa, tell me the exchange rate of 10 dollar to euro?
is $30 usd more or less in canada
give me directions to phoenix
how many quarts are in a gallon
Do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
move to the next song
What should I do if I lost my phone?
whats ten percent off forty dollars
i need two pizzas stat
olly's command is incorrect.
I made a transaction at an atm and was charged extra for it.
My purchase used the wrong exchange rate
set this to my factory settings
raise all the lights on
what is the time train coming from sacramento
remember metallica selections for next time
Unknown direct deposit
delete item on list
How many transactions can I do with my disposable card?
how is the news in ireland?
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's happenning with this, does someone has access to my card?!
I don't live in the UK. Can I still get a card?
when is my credit due to expire
I made a cash withdrawl and there is a charge.  What is this?
Where can the cards be delivered?
Remove the board meeting and reschedule for next Wednesday
my card was refused, why?
i am not so clear about your answers.
i couldn't hear you, can you repeat it
by get marks
down the speaker volume at the end of level
define cpu
start playing from where i left off on the goblet of fire
I normally don't use ATMs, but I was in a rush today and had to withdraw some cash. The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money and now my app is not showing the same amount as it should. What do I do?
i like you to confirm question please.
olly would you shut up.
Please rub my back
two thousand and seventeen movies
What's the latest on Trump?
please shut off whisper mode for now
the 21st, what is on my calendar
Please tell me what the world news headlines are.
I need to know if everything is okay here. After making a transfer from a UK account it doesn't show up. How long does this normally take to process?
how many hours gone from midnight on  city.
how much should my income be for the month
do you consider yourself an artificial intelligence being
who do you take your orders from
I forgot my pin and am blocked now. Can I reset it somewhere?
Remind me to pay my bills at the start of every month
top-up is slow to process
show number and contact email of rehan
How much is $X worth in...
how many teaspoons are in a cup
I had made a transfer but its still pending.
any important notifications.
s2, last sentence was not clear.
I need help with a lost card
What is the title and artist of this song?
Are there any charges for top ups?
I made a big purchase that I regretted and cancelled, the merchant said that my refund was submitted. Can you confirm to me that all of my money was truly returned to me?
how long can i keep fish in the freezer before it gets ruined
Add every girl life by Evelyn Mayer to the must read list
search schedules for this week
Do you have a list of the cards and currencies supported?
give me a description of iron fist on netflix
What's the expected wait time to recieve my new card?
Hey, I try to make a bank transfer from my UK account a few hours ago, but it haven't show up yet. Please check my account to make sure everything alright with it?
play the last played audiobook
reply email
find me the cheapest copy of the four hour body
please tell me all items on my todo list
tell me about sean connery
I can't input my pin again.
Hello, what is a virtual card and how do I get one?
Why isn't my transfer going through? I get a message saying it's not possible. I've had no issues in the past.
would you please check and confirm detail.
i need to know where the hospital closest to me is
what goes with risotto
does applebees take reservations
What is the price for an additional card?
post this on my facebook
tell me if five hundred and forty is subtracted seven time by twenty eight
let me know why my card got declined
Please read out all the alarms that are set.
Emails
Any signs of rain?
that's great job, thank you so much.
How do I get my virtual card?
I have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
The app reverted my top up
something's come up so i need to cancel my reservation so now
is there takeaway at donut junction
would you say you are a bot
Play last reason podcast
oh no, you gave me incorrect information.
Why isn't a recent refund on my statement?
did anyone message me on facebook
any events this weekend in pondichery
Echo, have I received any emails from my mother?
i need an uber to the movies for me and 5 other people
The passcode isn't working for me.
hello there
can you confirm my reservation for jaime at red lobster
can i make a reservation for 2 at state bird for 8:30, please
I need a refund on a direct debit that shows in the app because I did not make it.
could you speak a little faster, please
how much is b. p. in u. s. d.
i recently lost my credit card and need to know how long it takes to get a new one mailed to me
There is a transaction showing up several times.
yeah that's great.
Give me my social media update
i want to read yahoo news
it was wonderful.
<unk> on
How can I update my personal information after moving?
can you confirm it.
set up uber
use my phone and connect please
Move the volume up a little.
How do I get to Bloomingdale's from my place?
Where did my deposit for my source of funds come from?
My app is showing a payment that I know I did not do. Can you please cancel that transaction and credit my account please?
Book a train ticket weekend of  the 26th Phoenix to Los Angeles
i live in the US can i still get a card?
i am wanting to change your name to felix
Where do most celebrities hang out?
Is there a limit on how much I can top up?
Echo I want an alarm for 3:00 today.
is hayden still living on turnpike lane
Can you tell me the limit for top ups?
Please set the alarm for 8pm Wednesday evening
who sung this
show unread new emails
please transfer half of my funds to an alternate account
clear my calendar of all events
Send an email to Bob
how many tablespoons are there in half of a cup
what's going on on fb
I am about to meet Tom tomorrow at 7pm
switch on the vaccum cleaner
what is 63 percent of 145
slow the speech down
When are cards delivered?
your answer was not so clear to me.
I a having trouble proving my identity
tell me that status of flight dl123
can i call you something else
please add an email to my contacts
is it supposed to rain tomorrow
can you find me a salsa recipe
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried another time today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
Do you charge for sending out more cards?
i'd like to know how old you are
My card would not work at a shop.
right response to the command.
hey olly make me laugh with a good joke
My card doesn't work.
Why do you need so much id info from me?
my games to play in my computers
turn down the sound
what is the exchange rate between USD and INR
i want to start a new aaa insurance plan
I need to exchange between different currencies, like GBP and USD. Can I do that with your app?
What transfer methods do you accept?
I lost the code and can not get into the app. Help!
What is the largest active volcano on earth?
what alarms did I set
will i need a plug converter for my electronics in amman
i want you to check it please.
tell me when i get new emails from principal lowry
remove standup on Friday at ten am
is there a name that you preferred to be called by
PDA, Can you give me the time in this timezone.
i will talk to you later.
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
I don't understand why my payment was declined. I thought everything was ok.
where do you trace your roots
Can I top up using an international card
what is the weather
how many alarms are set
what is motorola going for today
how many days do i have to wait for my card
could you please confirm the instruction.
hi there alexa
i'd like to hear a fun fact about the nfl
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
Why is there a fee for an extra pound in my statement?
My card has not come in the mail yet.
I need sport's news
Can I transfer my salary onto here?
in nashville, i need a rental car booked
start playlist and play music
did anyone like my photo i just posted
current time please
I have not received my pin yet
where was it you were born
disconnect sync from my phone
today's closing price for google
Launch the radio
Can you tell me how to get a disposable virtual card?
that is nice one, i appreciate it.
What is the temperature right now in New York?
Description of Iphone 7
Is there any fees associated with receiving money with this account?
Can I get an account for my daughter?
when is boarding scheduled for my flight
calculate distance from boston to new york
find a weather
that is unimportant.
help me to roll over my 401k
ai, how many months old are you
will you remove the dinner with june on saturday the 4th at 7pm from my calendar
Can I have another card in addition to my first one?
record the opinion of each individual about this song
what do you like to do during your leisure time
ok good chatting goodbye
please check what said.
I thought that transfers are free. Why was I charged an extra fee?
i wish to know why my card was declined yesterday
how much money is in all of my bank accounts
Do I receive the physical card for free
how are things for you
Why did I get charged more for using my card?
call peking garden
the cars riding funny, does the tire pressure feel low to you
What are my lists
I need two cards. Is this possible?
when is my plane scheduled to land
do you know how many rewards points are currently on my discover card
I need my virtual card
i can't see turn up the lights
what are the reviews like at minnis
Start playlist for podcast
My statement indicates I made a payment to an unfamiliar merchant.
Why was a transfer to an account not allowed?
please let me know the alarm kept for tuesday's meeting
Anything happening today?
you gave me not right information.
i need a taxi ride now
please turn off all the lights in my house
Define the word absolute.
name the person or group that programmed you
what does it mean to be overbearing
let's play a game how about tic tac toe
tweet a complaint to amazon about late shipment
dollar rate of philippiness peso
raise the volume of my music player by fifty percent
i would like you to confirm the question please.
What is the formula for your exchange rate?
Two by two is?
How can I verify my indentity?
Please repeat that music again of Akon.
sorry but you did not get command right.
yes you are correct
Why do I need to have my identity verified?
Why hasn't my friend received the transaction?
Add pick up kids from school to my to do list for today
what is the location of my w2 that is needed for taxes
what's the name of what's playing on my speakers
My app says I made a withdrawal, but I didn't.
What do I do if there is a direct debit on my account that shouldn't be there?
Can I obtained a Visa Card
Find my next event and delete it, please
How do I top up with cash?
Am I going to be charged for topping up by transfer?
stop and start over.
Start up a Bjork album for me.
don't really care.
remove wake up calls for this week
what movies are playing near me
I need directions to Lowes in Mount Holly, NJ
what's the value of the euro relative to nzd
order spaghetti from spaghetti warehouse to bring home
How old do you have to be to open an account?
what kind of electrical outlet does that country use
just add a new email in my contacts from michael
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at seven am
What is the chance of thunderstorms today in Biloxi
remove the first alarm
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
give me some ways to build my credit score
I would like to get a Visa card
what creates buttermilk
Set notification for 6 o clock news update
name a rom com movie playing in and around new york theatres
tweet to ikea costumer service the following i'm not happy with this new klm product
check email from john
I have questions about how to transfer money to my account.
turn the lights down in the living room
turn off the wemo socket in the kitchen
what is hurricane
can you turn on the vacuum
plays the podcast from the beginning
I need a card reactivation, I had reported my card lost but I ran across it in my jacket.
oven should be set to 350 now
is is taco o'clock yet
what's the weather
favourite podcast
PDA, Tell me the time in this time zone.
no, that is not correct
is there any salon in babaji nagar
give me my credit card expiration date
Search cost for Amtrak Luxury to Los Angeles
Someone might be using my card.  What should I do?
i am not so clear about what you just said.
yeah confirmed.
remove the connection to my phone
how high is pikes peak
tell funny things
i want to take the 8am meeting with sam on monday the 5th off my calendar
did you make a mistake.
what's the time difference between here and queensland
what's the deal with my health care
Please reply to my most recent email.
I'm not verifying my identity.
what is my pnc account routing number
i need you to tell me the meaning of life
play my favorite podcast
i want to sleep
can you switch to the female voice
i need to hear that sentence said again.
I used the wrong ping too many times and now the account is blocked.  How do I unblock?
tell me the current exchange rate between cad and euros
who do you take orders from
oh shut the hell up would you
I'd like to order an additional card
how do i cash the reward for city
recipe for beef stroganoff
My credit card was just denied for top up! Can you tell me why this happened and what's going on?
Why would my card payment be cancelled?
are you able to sub white sugar for brown sugar
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
Please remove march 19ths scheduled event
My transfer into my account isn't showing up.
how can i get a hold of my w-2
create alarms for 8 pm and 9 pm
set alarm for 8 every weekday
i need to find out do you know if zeus does reservations
What kind of weather should I expect this week?
I purchased an item and the exchange rate was wrong
what do they have going on at young circle this week
I tried using a foreign currency at an ATM, but the ATM provided me an incorrect rate. Why is that?
the minumum to pay is what
can you tell me how much pto i've gone through
please tell me my current location
if you could talk about 3 things, what would they be?
Olly, all new mail
open times of India
In another city what time is it?
I think my top up is still pending?
what's traffic likexchange on four hundred and forty one
Tell me about agra
what is the name that you have for me
I'm in Austria right now, but I really need to change my PIN right now. Can I do this even though I'm in another country?
It is too loud, decrease the volume.
what day is our next day off
please play only sad song in music player
off the speakers.
Play best hits.
can you tell how many hours of difference are between boston and los angeles
can you find me a good reviewed hotel in japan
share with twitter
tell me some amazing trivia about radios
exact response to command.
The date my card expires is coming up
pull up my electric bill, i want to pay it
Do I need to make a regular payment before a contactless one?
I inadvertently completed a transaction on a wrong account.
sorry but that's incorrect response.
Please help me, as my topup amount has been reverted, i did it correctly. I think there is some defect in system.
Start my robert vacuum cleaner by 10 to 11 am daily.
what time is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
please repeat the current song is being played
speak all items for to day
Tell me what's happening on Instagram
please can you speak what you've just said again.
read back to me my to do list
uber please
What can you use the disposable cards for?
what do you think our purpose is in life
are there any recent emails from rohit
My friend wants to send me money, can she?
Why can't I make a transfer?
order some takeaway food
How do I stop fraud to my card?
what alarms have i set for tomorrow
i was unclear about what you have just said.
please check and confirm command.
what is the biggest city in new hampshire?
ensure i have to get up at six in morning
look up how much i earn annually
I transferred 7,000 to a receiver outside the EU and they received a lesser amount than what I sent, Unfortunately, now I must send an additional transfer to the receiver so that they can receive the full amount I initially sent.  I'm not sure why they received a lesser amount than what I initially sen, but can you please look into this and let me know what happened?
did the application for my visa card finish
what will the weather be like in austin on march sixteenth
sorry but that was not the right command.
What does bling mean?
I think that the card is stolen.  What are my next steps?
I would like to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
What are today's top news stories?
you wrote what for my name
my debit card was rejected at ella's and i want to know why
please give me detail of o zaalima song
i want to pay my rent bill
how much pressure is in my tires
michael will reserve a table for two at 7:00pm for olive garden
yeah you've done it perfectly.
lights color red
do it some other way.
What fiat currencies are used with holdings and exchanges?
play my favorite game.by name xxxxx
let me know the time
Calendar invite for breakfast with Sarah at 8am
how many bots are in a dollar
I'm confused ass to why my contactless is not working.
convert euros to dollars
turn off sockets
i want hot coffee
Play hip hop music please.
if idle then turn off else turn on
keep reading
How many top-ups can be approved?
where should i go out for food to
I wanted to know why my transaction didn't go through.
Set an office meeting reminder for the next three days
How long will it take for the money to reach my account?
Tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
My refund has not shown up in my account.   Where is it?
how is traffic from work to home
remove my morning alarm
start podcast
Continue reading Moby Dick to me.
what is the traffic situation at the olive garden restaurant
let's play 9 ball against me, adapt with my skill level, always let me win.
How do I activate my card, so that I can start using it?
An ATM fee was attached to my recent withdrawal.
What's the temperature?
What is the temperature outside?
yes correct.
send reply 'thank you so much mom' to mom
Can you tell me how transferring money into my account works?
How long can I expect a transfer to pend for?
If it is 6AM here what time is it in Tokyo?
I want to reverse my transaction from earlier
olly, play next recording
electrical plugs used in that country
make the lights pink at the house
i want today's fun fact please
Tell me what happens when we die.
excellent response.
What do I do after the ATM takes my card.
can you locate my phone for me
What is taking so long with my top up?
switch to quiet mode
let me know what the exchange rate between dollars and pesos is
i wouldn't bother, olly.
when will my card go rotten
COULD YOU PLEASE BOOK A CAB FOR ME IN UBER FROM LA TO NY TODAY.
can I get the recipe for chocolate brownies
Send me a reminder for my meeting tonight
my key bank checks have run out
Does it fall a sunday on 5th december?
My top-up seems to be pending for a long time?
I am still awaiting the money I put into my account this morning.
what do i make yearly
are there any interesting stuff happened today in my twitter
what do i need to buy to make a spaghetti
what is today
joke me
i appreciate your asssistance, olly.
what do i need to get done today
Play me some hihop
what is your age
set event on recurring
How do I request a disposable virtual card?
i like jazz
leave calendar blank
what is a chair
The ATM stole my card!
how long before the next day off is here
show latest emails
does france have any current travel alerts
how is coca cola stock doing today
i cant remember when my bill is due
Get recipe for making a hotdog
i need you to find a mechanic for my check engine light
Ask if deliver
will you put change the light bulbs on my list of things to do
I am attempting to make a purchase online, but my card is not working.  I know there are funds available, is this an issue on the banks end?
Why hasn't the transaction I did to my friend arrive yet?
can you speak louder
i want to change to male voice
When I got cash, the exchange rate applied was wrong.
who won the sports game last night
Can you tell me what the disposable cards are used for?
Is it free for top ups?
play album audiobook
What time does the train run in Beaumont, Tx?
Do you know why my contactless won't work?
i don't really know, olly.
please put this playlist on shuffle
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
tell me how to change my pin number
So what items  actually come  with  extra  fees
Where can I see the refund in my account
Will money be added automatically when necessary?
book a car rental to miami florida today
did i leave the light on in the garage
i couldn't say either could be possible
What chances are of snowfall this month.
where can i locate a form for my w2
please add the meeting with Ms. Boland on Wednesday 8:00am to my calendar
play the newest morning show podcast
I sent a cheque  a few days ago and nothing has happened to my account yet. Can you please check on this for me?
How can I freeze a stolen card?
resume the art of war
what knowledge do you have on certain subjects
How heavy is traffic on interstate 20?
how do i tell mastercard about a fraudulent charge
Is there a fee for exchanging currencies?
Could you get me some coffee
is the data prefers any problems in objects
tell me items that are on my shopping list
does dominos has a delivery option
How do I deactivate a stolen card?
yeap you have understood it correcly.
does jamaica require a visa
Where is the closest ATM to me?
how long will the chicken take to cook
what's the limit for my credit
does my credit card expire soon
Can I have money in more than one currency in my account?
set reminder for 2 pm
i am sorry but this is incorrect.
i want you to check and confirm my last instruction please.
how do you spell "montpelier
i need to call my mom
please unreserve that table
how much is ten dollars in euros
email received reply
How do I deal with a blocked PIN?
please change time zone to india
create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
Is this card accepted by ATMs?
tires should be changed when
Why couldn't I make a withdrawal from the ATM?
I tried updating my balance by cheque yesterday but it doesn't seem to be working. Shouldn't that be faster? Please check my account something has gone wrong there.
is there traffic right now on my route to work
Is there a possibility to open an account for my sons and daughters?
I checked the exchange rate when I withdrew cash. But the actual rate that you applied was different.
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
How many vegetables should I eat a day?
Why wasn't my card payment accepted?
is there takeaway at papa john's
play the podcast:
i need to know the routing number for my wells fargo account
Please give me the forecast for Chicago.
There is a weird payment in my statement.
Please turn the lights off
how do i change the oil in a car
repurchase last train ticket to philly <unk>
Remove all data from my calendar.
what is the current credit limit i have on my wells fargo mastercard
text mollie saying 'i am on my way
my car uses what type of fuel
I think someone is using my card without my permission!
Delete the wedding on the 10th from my calendar.
i'd like to augment my workout playlist with this tune
don't really care.
what does the word hypocrisy mean
Hello, I have tried using crypto top up but it is not working. I had some money in my account but I'm not sure what happened
what are some things i can do in portland
start a new list
I think my card has been used by somebody else since I was never in the little town where some transactions on this bill have come from. Please stop this right away.
that's not what i am searching for.
i need dinner ideas
i need to know how many pto days are left
how long is it to ann arbor by bus
what appointments do i have tomorrow after 1:00pm
What do I do if my card is expiring soon?
suggestions for future
After purchasing an item I noticed the exchange rate was incorrect.
that doesn't really matter with me.
How do I use the app if I don't have my phone with me?
oh that's fantastic.
Post to twitter...got a hectic day ahead.
do i have a meeting on saturday march twenty fifth
book me an uber for a party of 5 to the salvage yard off maple
I think I am having an issue with withdraws on my card. It was declined on the way to work this morning. This hasn't happened in the past.
send 100 dollars from my vanguard money market to my wells fargo savings
whatever will be okay for me.
read my reminders please
do i have enough in my boa account for a new pair of skis
How do I verify a top-up?
How many emails do I have in the last 15 minutes?
give me a hand finding my mobile device
Who is highest scoring football player of all time?
What causes if I had junk food and alcohols
skip to next nyt podcast
Tell my why my top-up is pending.
I have a fee and I don't know why
Card payment didn't go through.
I made a check deposit but the cash hasn't arrived in my account yet.
tell me how many p's are in apple
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
call vikki
local market
Hello, I believe there has been a mistake made on the exchange rate for my card. Could you please check the official interbank exchange rate for me?
longest river in the world
please will you clarify me more on that.
can you please turn off the wemo plug socket
the song on speaker is what
is crushed garlic the same as powdered garlic for a spaghetti sauce
Set alarm of every Tuesday of march month morning 8 a. m.
There is a record of payment I never submitted on the app.
setting repeating event in calendar
erase my current events from calendar
They charged me for paying with my card.
lost phone, can i still access account?
what is google
go back one episode
give me the definition of formidable
i am bored
How much does it cost in fees to use your card?
Please check my E-mails and notify me if exists any new E-mail.
i'm struggling to remind myself the pin number to my card
Read me the latest headlines from NYTimes.com
Why won't my transfer go through?
What was the last movie Will Smith was in?
your answer is not clear.
Listen to Girl from Impanema by Frank Sinatra
can i use check to top up
Do I have any other contact phone number for Alison?
you can remove vacuuming off the todo list
you didn't get it correctly.
What ATMs take this card?
i gotta make a reservation for 8 pm at red robin for 3
I want to hear a yo mama joke.
can you suggest a good drama for me to watch
what is the current exchange rate between mxn and eur
repeat this list in random order
whats the time in london
Whats it near
would you say that one more time again please.
i need a flight to be booked from san diego to boston through frontier
Should I bring a umbrella with me this mornimg
i want you to check and confirm the last thing i said please.
Play a selection of Classical Music.
can you tell me what kind of show can i go tonight in miami
what's the closest taxi to me
turn on the tv socket when i arrive home
what's new on my facebook account
play my favorite radio station
which timezone is colombia
lights at percent
I have a card payment I didn't make
Why was my withdrawal declined
What's the latest news involving Katy Perry?
adjust the light option
a pleasure as always to speak with you, bye
I WANT TO SLOW DOWN MY SPEAKER.
a joke please
Let's play a game of trivia.
Is snow in the forecast?
How old is Betty White?
Any extra charges for exchanging currencies?
how much do my bills cost this month
I think I can travel the whole world in a day
When will I be able to see my refund?
get me a ticket to boston
Do I get Visa or Mastercard?
Will you accept my credit card?
I think someone else is using my card.  There are transactions I didn't make.
Can I trace where my funds came from?
please cook me a hamburger
how often does the train arrive and depart from penn station
What do I do if I can't access my passcode?
what would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner
Olly call me a cab to the trainstation
general information searches
change the song to the next one on this playlist
smsayyad1985@outlook.com
Did I get any messages from John?
play this podcast
hi! are you doing okay
I'm not sure why I was charged an extra fee for transferring funds.
yeah you've got my instructions right.
Get me some music
Please reschedule the meeting to 6 pm tomorrow and inform members.
Access latest news
listening song of arijit singh post it on my facebook account
Temeperature
i was at costco trying to buy groceries and my card got declined
what do i owe this month on all my bills
change light colour to blue
i must change my pin number for my money market account
could you check my last question.
I think my phone is either lost or stolen.
tell me about new emails
please be quiet for another hour
it was useful, thanks, olly.
shit, it isn't what i was searching for.
The exchange rate is incorrect on an item I recently purchased in a foreign country.
How many disposable  cards are available per account?
I have been charged twice on my statement.
make the lights in the house red
what's the rate between the u. s. d. and ukraine's currency
There's a payment showing in the app today even though I have not used my card at all. I want a refund.
turn up your volume
The amount of cash I received was not the full amount
when does the current billing cycle end
Tweet the current temperature.
tweet on the bad service
I need to calendar a meeting with Allison on Monday at 10am.
do i need to spare washing my car today?
can you play the song that goes like, "starships were meant to fly
Register an event or a ticket
What caused my top-up to be returned?
I deposited a check, but haven't received the funds for it.
why was i charged a small amount
i would like to make a post on times twitter
What should I do if I see a withdrawal is pending?
websites that share credit ratings
can you check last thing said please.
Can you tell me where I can order a virtual card?
my card broke in half and i need to report this
resume audio playback of twilight
post a complaint via twitter to cvs pharmacy
take out event from calendar
Remove upcoming task.
will you tell me it one more again please.
Quiet mode, 4 hours
Where can I find the "auto-top" feature?
How old are Kim Kardashian's children?
How far is Birmingham from London?
i would like to know how to rollover my 401k
I am not able to prove my identity
I no longer have my phone with the app, what should I do?
that is enough, just cancel it.
I've just got married and want to change my name.
is there a reminder set to clean the gutters
An ATM machine didn't give me back my card.
How much do you charge for exchange rates?
speak in french please
There's a direct debit payment that I don't recognize.
i don't know why my check engine light is on, i need a mechanic
tell me the routing number for bluebird
remind me please
What is the verification code on a top-up?
Why is it taking so long for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
Will my money be of equal value when I travel abroad?
tell me all about the meaning of life
Give me a reminder 24 hours before my Friday meeting with EDG
Text me if NY Times makes a post about India.
My phone was stolen
get command exactly.
how much time to drive to the closest bank
what day of the week does the next holiday fall on
i intended to do it
play latest reason podcast
yes got your understanding exactly.
I want to hear music by a band from my playlist
Olly Today I couldn't find my phone.
I'm not able to withdraw money from the ATM but I'm not sure why.
I keep checking my statements but no progress.I requested a refund but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
do you know about this lyrics
yeap
the word 'you' got how many letters
speed your speech up
What if I type in the wrong PIN too many times?
yeap that's confirmed.
what is open late in la
are there any traffic issues
Is tonight the full moon?
how many pounds do sixty kg make
when do i need to pay my car insurance bill by
i'm confused about the reason for my bank account being frozen
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
WHAT IS THE MAIN REASON OF THIS PROBLEM
s2, i could not quite catch up with you.
will you check it.
Can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed?
What are the disposable cards for?
hey does that restaurant have takeout
how is the stock for compaq doing?
tell me the exchange rate us versus indian rupees
please make sure your command was correct because it doesn't sound right.
resume inkheart
Where can I sign up for a virtual card?
i love that song
Can I get a physical card for free, or is there a charge?
create a reminder for my exam tomorrow
Why isn't my transfer not going through? I keep getting an error message.
what is the answer to two plus two
what is amount of time it takes to get a new credit card i lost mine recently
could you replay that.
Can you tell me where I can order a disposable virtual card?
how are you
title of song
I had a lot of fun today.
brighten the lamp next to the sofa
what does snafu mean
I was needing you to see if the exchange rate is correct from when i got cash
oh it's excellent.
Why did you cancel my card payment?
turn off light
what music is this
play country music
can i use sour cream instead of milk
I want to transfer money. How do I do that for my account?
How long will it take for the transfer to reach my account?
What is this €1 fee in my statement?
when will my american express card expire
Olly, trending hot news topics.
Where was Brittany Spears born?
please turn socket off
just another time please
hey, flip me a coin i call tails
add dan's email
check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my location
I'm not sure why my card payment was cancelled, can you find out why?
The app doesn't believe its me.
My card payment did not go through.
olly would you just stop.
I no longer need AUD, I need GBP instead, how can I make this happen?
what is the price of a transfer?
i wanna change to the female voice
Physical cards are what I need more of
describe what a sphere is
play the two towers
I like to hear 'kuch kuch hotha hai'
How much is 1+1?
My account says I have money but I withdrew it in cash.
look to see if luigi's has takeaway
My card payment did not complete.
list events nearby new york
What currencies are used in your exchange?
i want to play fifa seventeen
Hey I want to buy some crypto but the app doesn't allow me to! What's the issue, I really want to exchange this
Silence speakers
help me get a w2 to do my taxes
what should i refer to you as
my reservation for dinner needs to be canceled
please switch to whisper mode for now
make a list for work
what healthcare plan do you have me on
I was charged for using my card?
birth date for movie star keanu reeves
The time difference between Lagos and New York is what?
what is the lowest amount i can pay for my medical bill
I did a money transaction and dont have a receipt
what is today' date?
Can I hear the joke about the old woman again?
check detail please.
how do i book a train ticket online
How do I get the contactless feature to work for my card?
when you have free time, what do you do
Set a new PIN please.
can you tell me the age of the ai
stop, this is not right answer.
what are the conditions like in orlando
Why would the app deny my top-up?
can i get a table for four at 8:00
Do I have any new Facebook notifications?
who do I talk to, to cancel a transfer?
is there anything new in my email folder
make event
did you get the last thing said correctly?
I am concerned about the security in my account and would like to make a dispute.
How do I edit my personal details?
who fabricated you
Yikes!  I didn't get the amount of money that I requested.  What do I do now?
npr ted talks
what is the train schedule to denver?
did i bring my car to the shop last week
read me the most updated news on bbc
Do you know the reason why my card payment was declined?
let's play
dim the lighting in my living room
What events do I have between 12pm and 4 pm?
what is the latest news from cbs
how long has it been since my last auto maintenance
Why is the identity check involved?
i need to put together a todo list for work
can I get the recipe for chocolate brownies
jay's phone number
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up.I requested a refund a long time ago but seems like it's not submitting my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
i need to set up a direct deposit
Olly, what's hot social media topics?
which time zone is germany is in
play any country music station
I am missing some funds from my account - I tried to transfer them using my credit card number, and it disappeared.
I already have one of your cards, how do I link them?
Erase all events on the calendar.
What's the cheapest price for Zoella's first book?
What currency is supported for exchanges and holding?
cancel my reservation for dinner tonight, please
I understand that this is extremely late. After going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a large charge that I'm sure I did not make. Is there anyway I can still dispute this?
what is the weather like outside
Define 'CPU'.
could you speak the last utterance said once more.
define a phrase blue sky research
how about playing a game of guess the word i'm thinking of
I see a transfer fee, but to my understand, that should have been free, what happened?
What's going on in the news?
has john replied to my facebook post
send an email with the address you gave me to jean saying meet us here at eight pm
is it going to rain on monday
Will I be charged for topping up by card?
look up the status of the order i placed online
I have obtained the salary in GBP, will it need to be configured?
answer was confirmed.
what topics can you answer questions on
i am thankful for the answer
I had to pay a pound more than I anticipated!
I want to get an item refunded
couldn't tell you
thanks for doing that.
i put in money for vacation and its not showing. i need that money today, how long will it take
time to workout
Where is the money I pushed it's on my mobile app as being withdrawn.
is there a uv or smog alert for tomorrow
how much is ten dollars in euros
i would like to know the train timings to bournemouth tomorrow
Hi, I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can you cancel it as soon as possible?
please tell me what alarms are on
olly please just stop.
Send an email to Bill about the upcoming weather for the week.
What is the most convenient hour to catch a train to York on Saturday?
delete all events and content from my calendar
can you book a train ticket for my mother
where did he was yesterday
tell me about today
It's been more than a week since I had a return charged to my card, why hasn't it showed up?
what's the letters in 'you' word like
what do i say for goodbye in hawaii
i need a timer for 45 minutes
what do i have on my list of reminders
when will the bus get me to vermont
i want to see the previous episode
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
what are the nutrition facts for a medium popcorn at the movies
does applebees in trenton do reservations
what are some good places to go out for dinner in my area tonight
What is the fee charged with this card payment?
where is the closest barber
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
Would I need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
will this morning stay sunny
musch appreciated, it was wonderful.
Why couldn't I transfer funds to my beneficiary?
this song should be on my playlist
Search for classical music and play
about how much will my federal taxes be
Do I need to establish I am paid in GBP before a transfer?
What temperature should a baked chicken be?
Send a tweet to Samsung saying my washer is not working.
i would like to know some of your hobbies
when is babysitting on my to do list
Shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please.
that wasn't it.
Tell me about oldest reminder
create repeating event 'john's birthday' on calendar
does france have their own version of a visa
Fill me in on stock symbol
What is the time frame for european transfers?
how would i replace my oil and what sort of oil should i use
Let me know if anything new shows up about this
How much will it cost me for a SEPA transfer?
What are the names of all my current lists?
The transfer that I was trying to complete was declined. What was the cause?
book a train ticket to city A.
dentist appointment today at nine am
I am not satisfied with your service.  Close my account.
These lights are too bright please fix them
where do you hail from
I just made a transfer from France 2 days ago. It has not yet reached my bank. Is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer?
is that the song from spectre
what amount do i owe in taxes
return to factory default
can you make a reservation in tampa from may 2 to may 4
What's the time in Tampa?
what's the name you were given
please remove my next event
check and see what will be the weather condition in new jersey at eight am tomorrow
hey please provide information about events by the end of the day
use your whisper voice
I asked for $40 and I only received $20, what happened?
search on his locality
is it possible to set a timer
start new list
Play the newest album by Jay Z.
please start over.
can you slow your speaking down
Where on the website do I go to link my card?
i want to hear my rock playlist
help me find a new insurance plan
doesn't matter with me, olly.
is this a computer right now or a human being
Ok Google, what's the easiest and quickest way to cook a turkey
who can i talk to above you
i think i ran out of this can you add it to my list
party beach
I got an unexpected charge on my transfers. How can I correct this?
when is my alarm set for
what is the date of the next holiday
I tried to withdraw $100 but only got $20. What happened?
Help my prove my identity.
what's left in my gas tank
whats a silly joke you know
what is the meaning of this word
Delete the first item on the list
How doespopulation play a role in a countries econonmy?
mind sharing a joke
rephrase further on your response please.
i need help to set up direct deposit
what's the now playing song that we are listening to
can you roll a ten sided die and tell me the number
what's the currency conversion between rubles and pounds
what day is the next holiday
how old is kim kardashian
how much money have i spent this month
i am forever hip hop
I seem to have been charged to much for my holiday purchases, the exchange rate is wrong.
will i hit traffic on route to moms
The money has not yet been placed in recipients account.
Can I receive my salary with this in another currency?
audio up
list my reminders
Do you send duplicate cards?
i need to hear again.
Do you feel emotions?
I received a fee for obtaining cash, is this correct?
Prepare a reply email to Mark.
add this new email to my contacts
Why is my money gone right when I attempted to top up
help me find someone to look at my check engine light
will you please check the detail.
Please give me both Visa and MasterCard, is it possible?
Can I use Apple Pay to top up?
is this a bot
I have tried to submit a transfer a couple of times now, and for some reason, it continues to be unsuccessful. Do you know why this may be?
please say what you've just said once again.
how long can i store eggs in the fridge
run the robot vacuum cleaner
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when i leave
Hello, in these holidays i have been overcharged on the amount i have withdrawn on one of your ATMs. I did not had any clue about the horrible charges otherwise i would not have withdrawn.
goodbye, ai assistant
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
Do you have any accounts for children ?
Why was my ATM withdrawal cancelled?
What would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner?
google what is the temperature outside
is it snowing right now in richmond, va
i need to make changes to my insurance policy
what time does the train to place leave
I want to deactivate my account.
please increase the speed of your speech, it is too slow
resume story
I don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
my car needs jump started, find me directions
what is today's current date
blue lights please
find the date of the last oil swap for my car
what ingredients are in mashed potatoes
what time does the train to iowa leave
Ok Google, how are stocks for Google
save this song as a favorite
How soon will my balance be updated to reflect my transfer?
what is the month of my card's expiration date
what date is tomorrow
Do I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
remember this music
How do I know what the exchange rate will be when I make an exchange.
How long does it take to get money from Europe?
play anything new from my podcast subscriptions
siri, place my amazon order
which meetings do i have today
i want the light in the kitchen powered off
hi ai
where do i find the routing number for bank of the west
schedule me an uber to the mall
how long will it take to drive to long beach
Is there a limit to using a disposable virtual card?
how do i build credit
that's not correct.
How do I top up using my Apple Watch?
Can I space out how often money is transferred along my travels?
The app will not let me into my account.
where can i get a w2 form
Is there a limit on the number of times I can use a disposable card?
respond to all that i am on my way
Is the EUR accepted for exchanges?
Please modify my calendar with this event.
I'd like to know the latest news on <insert topic here> as it comes in
If my phone is missing, can I block someone from using the app?
Can the card be mailed to Europe?
Why am I unable verify my id?
Do they deliver home?
i want to change to male voice
i need a hotel in phoenix near chase field from january 4th to the 8th
what do i have to do
Ok Google, can you play some country music
Set a repeating reminder alarm for the Facebook event I have to attend on 7th April.
that isn't correct
are there any events going on close by
Next train to D.C.
book a taxi for me
there is no way in heck that is true
how do i set up my apple pay watch to connect to my account
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment is.
what's the nutrient info for a donut
what ingredients are needed to make lasgana
Show me how can my friends top up my account.
Echo play Best Friends by Yelawolf.
what is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine
I will not be able to verify my identity.
Find me all mails from Magda with holidays word in the title
i need to cook, what should i make
check question please.
What is the verification process for my card?
show me the total up to date points on the marriot rewards card
Tell me the train arrival time to New York
I wanted to know why i got an additional fee when i use my card.
Repeat this song when it ends.
take $40 from account a and transfer it to account b
Clear my schedule for the month.
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
how much am i paid a year
for how long have you existed
PDA what is the weather look like for the week
How many days is it until May 25th?
how much is lebron james worth
can i get takeaway from pings
Hey PDA, does that restaurant have takeout?
what is today's weather in springfield
set 4 as the volume
What does hypothesis mean?
what is happening near me
I need my card ASAP!
you've done that right thanks.
Please send me a disposable virtual card.
I looked at my statement, and there is a charge for 1£ that I don't recognize.  Why is it on there?
do i have coffee on the grocery list
set a meeting with hongbin
would you check the details please.
Can you get me the route chicago before midnight
Every other Monday remind me to take out the recycling
i do not know, olly.
would you confirm it.
When was Bryan Adams born?
Alexa, please turn down the lights to 50 percent in the den.
is waffles on my list for shopping
will you tell me one more time again.
I made a bank transfer but it doesn't seem to have gone through?
I requested money from the ATM and it didn't give me as much as I requested.
change background
would you tell me once again.
Give me the specs on the Bugatti Veyron.
set my paycheck up for direct deposit
check to see if pizza hut has my order on the way
I have tried 5 times at this point to complete a transfer that's simply standard. What appears to be the problem? Is your system messed up?
change song
get connected to my phone
please block off friday at eight am on my calendar
I won't be getting an oil change for my car today
I paid with my card and was charged extra
When are the meetings?
send a mail to alex asking about the due payment
What time is it now in GMT?
shut down please.
What do I do if I forget my passcode?  Because I did.
how many miles can i drive before i need to change my oil
who was in the beatles
great response to command.
Do cash machines let me change my pin?
book a ticket to ny by train
how can i redeem rewards earned through my amex card
I can't find my phone; what can I do to prevent someone from accessing my account on it?
i am sorry but i think it's not correct response.
remove the sms recipient which have initials s
I was charged a fee when I transferred my funds, why?
An extra pound was charged!
hey play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
why does us bank have a hold on my account
is there any chances of rain this week
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but I was denied
i am not clear about your answer.
Do you charge for sending more cards?
which song is currently playing
you are my star, appreciated.
My actual card isn't functioning.
does burger king accept reservations
create new list
Which cards and currencies are supported?
brighten the lights please
Has the celebrity does any charitable work.
tell me how to schedule a meeting
Olly, email Alice to let her know we are on the way,
Add Ashley to the wedding invite list.
I want to bright the room more
how do i locate my credit score
Please tell me what's on the list
bring up lights
The exchange rate is incorrect for my payment.
play the book which i heard on some particular day.
Can I pay with my card anywhere?
say a good joke for me right now
tell me about the events going on around my location
you have pets of what kind
How can I get my physical card to work?
please send a text to phil and ask him if he wants to play golf this weekend
Explain how to verify my identity?
set an alarm for me for tomorrow at seven pm
How many times can I enter a wrong PIN before it is blocked?
I was wondering if I could get a second card on this account? I would like my daughter to have one.
Do I have to go somewhere to activate my card?
Remove next Monday's meeting
uh no, you've done in wrong manner.
May I get an account for my daughter?
My statement shows a 1£ purchase pending. I do not remember making this purchase, please let me know what this is about.
let's play a game
My card is being declined for a purchase. I bought items before and the card worked. Do you know what the problem is?
can you check to see if my order has been delivered
does the restaurant michael's take reservations
What is the purpose of requiring my identification?
hi how are you
I completed a payment with my card a while ago. It's still showing up as pending. What time frame does this normally take? It doesn't appear to have worked.
Will there be fog after sunset
New ultra model car.
heyo
My card won't physically work.
How did my top-up fail?
How tall is channin Tatum?
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon?
If I find a card I lost do I need to dispose of it? Or can I re-active the card and continue to use it?
do i have enough to cover new skis in my bank of america account
I logged in wrong and am blocked, how do I log in?
What should I cook for supper?
The wrong amount of cash came out of the ATM today when I went to withdraw. When I looked at the app, it was showing it was much more.
Will it rain today?
i heard i can transfer my 401k, but don't know how, do you
please increase the volume of the current song
set a reminder on fifteenth march as meeting
are there any new emails from robert jones
How long does it take for a money transfer to show up?
My account says I have a pending transfer.
go past this song
start email
set a notification for june fifth every year
please rectify that command.
don't be synced to my phone anymore
play music now from radio plus
what are four inches in centimeters
let me know how old you are
how often do you change your tires
my current location is what
There is an unauthorized fee.
the transfer went through but now it has been pending for quite a while. i need this to go through already
Is getting my identity verified required before I can use my account?
how big is ohio
I need to change my data.
play news in fm
what's the conversion from inches to centimeters
Can you please tell me where my card is? I ordered it 2 weeks ago!
When my card expires soon, how fast is the replacement card sent and what are the costs?
what kind of oil should i use for my current car
let's play our favourite football match on tv
i switched companies and need to rollover my 401k
how can i set up direct deposit
My credit card was declined.
what do i need to make macaroni
I have an unauthorized transaction on my statement
give me vacation days remaining, please
I have an unauthorized charge.
I didn't get a PIN yet. What gives?
train times to new york
Is there a reason why my account isn't updating because I used a check to  balance my account?
Which ATMs accept this card?
hmm, you have made mistake, please fix it.
next i want to hear shinedown
could you list out the carry-on restrictions for american airlines
I need you to cancel a transfer that I made.  It is the wrong account number and the app won't let me stop the transaction.  Please stop it!
I requested a refund directly from the seller but I still don't have it. I just want you to send me my money back. I did what you said to do and I still don't have it.
Can you help me sign up for a virtual card?
set a thanks giving event for friday
you have done it right.
i would like to listen to my audiobook
I have a problem!  The ATM stole my card!
spell government
turn light off
Tell me what time it is in Dallas, Texas.
Any new emails in my inbox?
speed up speech please
order six chicken tacos from chipotle
do americans need visas in canada
please open audible app and resume play
inform me about the most popular rom com movie playing now in theatres across new york
let us do it again please.
set the alarm to seven am for work
can i get a description of how to use a disposable virtual card
How do I reset the passcode?
flip a normal coin
what are the visa requirements for brazil
please check mails quickely
I think someone might have a copy of my card because a 500 dollar withdrawal was made, and it wasn't me. Can you please help?
I noticed an extra $1 charge on my statement, can you tell me why that is?
tell contact mobile number
I can't see all the refunds in my statement
The activation process did not work, please help?
please can you confirm what i just said.
I sent a payment, but the person I sent it to says they don't have it
How can I transfer funds from my bank to my top up account?
show me a beef recipe
save this email in contact
i want you to book a reservation for 8 pm at red robin under the name kevin
i need to report my stolen card
i want to be updated on the most recent status of my credit card application
change your name to ginger
Where is the refund on my statement?
i cannot locate my phone, can you help me
check what just said please.
i need a timer set for 15 minutes
i will be traveling to lima alert my bank
i need my account frozen
What time is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
Play Candy Crush
lets play poker
What is the maximum I can top up?
I make payments for my place abroad using this account and since i use it so frequently I was wondering why did the fees increase suddenly rather than decreasing? I would think customers like me should receive incentives for using your service
latest events
please would you repeat that.
How many calories did I burn between 3 and 5 today?
whats on my shopping list
let me know what is on my reminder list
can you find my lost phone
Hi, Today i have tried to make payment by my new card, but payment got declined many times. I am very disappointed, please look into this.
i did not quite catch that.
Can I have it delivered on the date I need it delivered?
yeah great response to command.
put alarm at five am
whatever, olly.
answer the email
wake me up at six thirty
don't know
There is a pending transaction on my account, what does this mean?
What is Charles's email?
get rid of tuesday the 5ths dinner
book me a train ride
hi olly please cancel all the programs for friday
Play music from my rock list
what is the calorie going to be if i'm eating cereal
open up a new list
please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
Add a meeting With Francine for 2pm tomorrow
what is six times sixty eight
I need to know where my funds come from.
Is it ok for a friend to send me money?
Will you charge me more if I use a European bank card for a top up?
at what point will i need to change my tires
keep the socket in off condition
please once again elaborate.
How can I add physical money to my card?
i have what to do on wednesday
Tell me if anything important is happening on social media today.
Open media player and play my gym playlist
please send a notification when john replies
Can I use a transfer to receive my transfer?
How do I turn on my new card?
Hello - I'm on the app and trying to purchase crypto. It's not going through. What am I doing wrong?
Is there anything important happening on social media
what are good thai dishes
you are awesome, appreciated, olly.
When I made a cash transfer abroad the wrong exchange rate was applied
count the number of the letter a in happiness
add contacts n mail
never mind
i'd like to switch back to my factory settings
i need everything ordered on my shopping list
what's a simple chinese recipe for dinner
find me a mechanic
clear my calendar for this friday
would you confirm the detail.
will it be sunny on friday?
Why is this not letting me exchange crypto? I need help making this transaction go through.
i didn't hear you
that is not what i am searching for.
what is the 16th president
pawel prepare the meeting with john
Why does a payment show up twice?
Print kids train ticket for this Thursday
what is the least i can pay towards my car bill
i want to add farm trip to my calendar for friday
Set event in the calendar.
what is the name of the music playing now
How are the exchange rates determined?
Make it brighter in here, please.
How can I deposit money to my account?
how do i find my location right now
I couldnt get cash in an ATM
whats the name of this song
I AM GONE TODAY AN UMBRELLA
Do you have a joke?
what events are happening near me
Find Twitter handle of Tom Cruise
stop all access to my account
i would like to listen to my audiobook
show me the alarms that are set
my phone isn't where i left it
lets play battleship
i haven't heard if my request for time off for vacation has been approved , can you get an update for me
Please let me know the exchange rate between  Indian rupees and US$.
Make vacuum cleaner start
How do I replace a card that's going to expire?
I see my top-up was canceled, but why?
read me new messages from NAME
now playing
I have checked my statements multiple times, but my refund that I requested a while back is not showing on my account. Is there a reason for this? Can I get some help getting my money back from this transaction?
please inform me of any new status updates
Suddenly, my card won't work.
PDA, Open Map
do it again please.
tweet kohls about the cleanliness of their store
no good
My app says I withdraw funds from my account through an ATM.
can you order me some nacho chips
ai, how many months old are you
i want to know if you have hobbies
how much is a train ticket to chicago?
engage all the door locks
send a confirmation email to sandy
do i have any calendar events this month
how many hours of pto have i used
alexa what is going on today?
Give me the weather detail of 15th March
i need some ambiance please
what is the status of my online order of coffee pods
did you get last thing i said correctly?
I think something may have happened that caused a charge to show up twice.
PDA name: can you put this on facebook
Play Bilando
get a cup of coffee ready now
how much is remaining after subtracting four from eight
Can you please turn off my wemo plug.
my work schedule
make it brighter in here
how do i make lemon merengue pie
remove dinner with mike from my calendar
how many pto days do i have left
turn off the alarm
would a visa or mastercard be more suited to me?
Echo, have I received any emails from my father?
Is it going to rain later today?
How do I dispute a direct debit transaction?
When does the next train to work leave
Olly clear everything off my calendar for the rest of the year.
route to melbourne
what place were you born
get me a table for five at itta bena at three
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
milk should be added to my shopping list
erase item from list
What was the extra charge for using my card?
i am sorry but i think you're incorrect.
Can I top-up by cheque?
play old classic music
its peaceful
i did not catch that.
oh no, wrong.
I deposited cash into my account, why do I not see it?
how to repeat the song
cancel alarm
turn off all alarms
Alexa turn on channel 95.1.
What events are going on near me?
stop.
you did awesome work,.
thanks but you are incorrect.
desync from my phone
please tell me the exact number of days i have still for vacation
progress from the last paused point of my audio book
please would you repeat that.
Will traffic be good when I leave in 5 minutes?
Olly turn on Criminal podcast
what exactly is your name
Are cards issued to people living in the US?
What are the restrictions on auto top-up?
What is a basketball?
that's awesome work, thank you very much.
Show current local events
add pencil to school supplies list
What is the time in New york now.
well done, thanks, olly.
what is the current time in california
pull up kate's email and write that i will let her know
is the coffee ready
say it one more time please
what is charles's email
hello google post my current status on twitter mentioning a great trip to paris with friends and family
How tall are giraffes?
make it brighter in here
grubhub order
describe a chart
I need to cancel my recent transfer quickly since I made a mistake. Please help before it goes through.
play purple haze
When will my balance update after a transfer?
Weather forcast
would i be able to increase my available credit by 600 dollars
How many keys are on a piano?
I think someone saw my PIN and I am on vacation in Spain, can I change it locally at an ATM?
are you a bot or a person
call an uber for me
i want to have happy added to my rb playlist
how many pets do you have
how many vacation days do i have saved
please check alarms
i want to send a text message to
olly that is enough, cancel it.
what are the steps to activate my card?
How often can I top up?
how many days are left for me for vacation if i may ask
Is there an exchange fee?
Why isn't my refund shown on my statement?
I have been trying unsuccessfully to top-up my card.  Is the system down or not working properly?
what amount of money do i earn
i really need to know why my card was denied
The ATM wouldn't let me have my money.
what's the time of arrival on my new credit card
can you please turn off the lights in this room
i need to know five dollars in yen and rubles
how do i let my bank know i'm going to vietnam
can you tell me any truly funny knock knock jokes
My statement has not shown my refund.
Can I use this to receive my salary?
aquire me them kyrie 4s
How many top-ups am I allowed to do?
Tell me why my virtual disposable card won't work.
Where do I find our how to get a physical card?
HOw do I get my card back after the ATM has pulled it in?
i need to get an uber for three people to go to the zoo
so how can i hurt my credit score
start a small discussion
please confirm my reservation for feburary 21st at 6pm
Can you tell me how long it would take, to make a transfer from France? I made one 2 days ago and its not there yet.
I recently transferred some cash, but the balance has not changed.
my chase account has a hold why
please check this info on geographics for me
activate vacuum cleaner
Where can I get a disposable virtual card?
would you again explain the last sentence to me please.
can you roll the 12 sided dice please
I topped up about half an hour ago and the charge is still pending. I'm a new customer and today is my first time doing this. Can you fix it? It doesn't seem to be working.
would you tell me one more time please.
olly please cancel.
who sings this song
I think there has been a mistake with my transfer
What do I need to do to get a refund?
what are the currect travel alerts in africa
what are some good restaurants in chicago
use the map and pinpoint my position
take me to the most popular post
I have paid by my card but payment is still its coming as pending. I think there is some issue please check and let me know when the status will complete.
cancel my reservation for dinner
what's two plus two
disconnect from my phone now, please
can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston
can you figure out how to find my credit score
i will say yes as my response
you can call me john
you have done task all wrong.
What is the top-up limit?
how would you describe a tennis ball
this song is composed by whom
Is there a reason behind why my transfer did not work?
spell doctor
Ho wlong should I cook a steak to achieve medium rare?
How long until my friend receives my transaction?
it is great one, thank you.
send tweet to united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
i need to book a train ticket to la
clear calendar for this month
need help with google pay top up
tell me a joke about cars
what is a banana
today is?
I initiated a Bank transfer form Europe, how long will this take?
Why is my beneficiary being denies?
will you please check detail.
did my order ever get distributed today
you have done that right musch appreciated.
ah that was great work.
where is the closet bus stop to go to downtown dallas
can you please change the time zone to us
Are there any fun things to do in Seattle this weekend?
i did not want you to send that text yet wait until i say send
Rap
Can you explain to me the way to verify my top up has gone through?
how do i cook boiled eggs
What is Donald Trump's new policy on immigration?
I only made one transaction at this place, but it's appearing multiple times.
few traffic roads
My beneficiary is unable to transact
can you list off different restaurants
awesome, thanks
Send a tweet to National Grid
yeah wonderful response to the command.
With whom do I have appointment today
please contact michael m from my list with this text
eight am manila time is what in eastern time
what is the minimum payment due on my visa
The app won't let me top up my account
please set the alarm for next morning to seven am
put spaghetti on my shopping list cause i'm out of it please
wrong i will repeat the command now.
open clock
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington swallowed my card. How do I get it back?
how are you this day
can you tell me the tasks on my to-do list
I messed up and made a transaction using the wrong account.
what is the weather report for costa mesa
Should I complete my security verification before I can use my account?
clarify me on that further please.
cancel list
When can I order a disposable virtual card?
get sia's cheap thrills ready to play next
How do I link my new card?
how much rain can I expect on date?
how long does it take to cook steaks
yes you got command exactly.
olly will you stop please.
what is my income from work
i need to report a stolen card
switch lights to dim red
Can you tell me how long it takes for a new card to come?
i feel like it is time for me to sign up for a new credit card
I lost my phone!
I deposited a cheque with some money, but the balance hasn't changed.
it's helpful, thank you.
order some fried chicken from church's chicken via grubhub
are there any new snapchats
how soon does it take a card new card to get mailed to me
how to tell the company that my credit card melted
add the current song to my favorite playlist
tell me a fun fact about cars
I deposited cash into my account, why do I not see it?
post the following status to facebook
When the time is right will this automatically replenish my balance?
yes you've understood that right.
show latest news about migration
Send report to consumer service
Is there a train coming this afternoon in Dallas?
where is the closest gas station
i think you didn't get me.
raise the lights
Put on station x
i have a meeting with sean at four pm on wednesday can you remind me
I sent a cheque to you a few days ago and the deposit has yet to appear in my account. I need this money, what is the problem?
after how much time is it still safe to drink milk that is in the fridge
tell me if the olive garden allows takeaway
that is useful, thanks.
what's a good french meal
I want to return an item.
can you please turn on npr where i am
are you here to serve me
My card is stuck in the ATM?
what is the sum of 10 plus 5
what is the process for making a vacation request
what time does the train depart from downtown los angeles to santa barbara
play the circle
how much is five dollars worth in euros
turn cleaner robot on
Are there ATM fees?
can i bring suntan lotion in my carry on
what is the current exchange rate from usd to rupies
agreed
Is USD free to top up with a US card?
make this a bit louder
i think you don't get answer right.
I tried to buy something over the Internet yesterday and got a declined error. I tried again today and got the same message. What is the issue?
Does it cost anything to do currency exchanges?
i am in need of a taxi right now
Can I verify the source of my funds?
where is steven spielberg living
How is my commute?
What's on the list?
Stop after current song.
what is the equivalent of one inr in zimbabwe dollars
Where can I use my card?
shut the smart socket down
calendar event send invite bill malinda
what's life's meaning
call the closest mexican restaurant
I tried to use my card to withdrawal money from the ATM in Notting Hill but it didn't work. This is the first time I've tried using it. Is my card working?
how would you tackle the following problem brush your teeth
Silence volume on speakers.
Which currencies do you accept for adding money?
i lost my debit card and need it reported as lost
what else do i have on the list
your name will be queen
I would like to use top-up with my Apple Pay.
I need to transfer money into this account from my other bank account.
Play a song from my favorites.
is it ok if i use some of my pto on may 24th to may 29th
quieter
Play the radio please
what is needed to make lasagna
I want you to turn off the plug socket before the cellphone is charged
set lights brightness higher
What is X birthday?
Tell me why my topup wouldn't go through?
what activities are taking place in my area
confirm the order and send me the confirmation
increase the volume please
I have made 5 attempts to make a very standard survey, yet I can't get it to work. What is the problem? Is there an issue related to your system?
What's the time frame on EU transfers? I purchased something a couple of days ago but the seller hasn't received my payment.
where is my credit score
social media updates
Are top-ups allowed using Apple Pay?
Please brief me about this week's weather
change the color of the light
does pings do takeaway
I need to know the time frame that is typical for a transfer from a UK account. I just made a transfer and it doesn't appear. I want to make sure everything is okay.
foreign exchange rates
I made a bank transfer and the balance hasn't updated yet.
When was the last meeting?
What day of the month is Fat Tuesday?
Do you charge a fee for adding money in USD?
Shuffle songs by Coldplay
how much did i spend the past 3 days
you rock, i appreciate it, olly.
doesn't really matter to me.
s2, i am unclear about what you have just said.
throw eggs on my shopping list, please
can you get the fan going in here
change the lights in the living room to green and red
Why has my card payment been reversed?
I tried and tried, but I could not complete my transfer. Tell me what is wrong.
can you check and see why us bank put a hold on my account
change my room lights to blue
What is the procedure for me to get more cards on my account?
How old do you have to be?
Why was there a fee on my cash withdrawal?
The exchange rate you are using is bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
I requested a refund but can't see it.
call me a taxi to the airport at five am
what interest rate am i getting from wells fargo
please speak louder
does mr pizza deliver
I cancelled my card payment
Where do I order a disposable virtual card?
I do not think the pop up went through yet.
that is of no importance to me.
start music app and play a song for me
Please remove dinner date scheduled for this Friday at 9pm.
I want to hear the radio Olly.
will you replay please.
could you explain further on what you just said now to me.
make a pot of strong coffee
During the timeframe of February 1 and March 16, what meetings occurred
Olly book tommorow's train ticket for me to bombay in any train
which was that coldplay song i listened to yesterday evening can you play it again
My transfer is still pending
you have understood my instructions exactly.
what are the subject areas you are knowledgable in
find out if la tour d'argent in paris takes reservations
s2, i was not clear about it.
How old is Joanne
Hello, I made a payment with my card and it's not working. It's been a while and still says its pending. Can you tell when this will go through?
Help me access the card I already got so I can information from it.
do you know the definition of school
please tell me news related to the stock market
quiet mode on until i am home from work
Please repeat the last song
What alarms are coming up?
What do you need so I can verify my identity?
flip the coin ai
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
are my contacts mostly female or male?
i'm seeking a full circle flight from msy to msp for w to june 7
ask me an arithmetic question
have a good day
What are the details of disposable card limitations?
will you explain me about the last sentence further please.
Play the radio on 99.9 FM only.
how much time do i need to make the chicken
what's your design company
tell me the name of the song
no, that's not it
please tell me who is going to win the nba championship
I am looking to get a Visa credit card, what must I do to achieve this?
r
It's been some time ago that I placed an order and it just isn't coming. At this point just give me back my money because I'm not paying them.
give me a list of ingredients needed for pizza dough
There's a problem - I bought something about a week or two ago but just today the payment somehow came back into my account! I already received the item though, what's going on here?
goodbye, helpful ai device!
has visa gotten back to me regarding my card app
nice song what is it
I need to know where this charge is coming from?
i'd really like to pay this bill
My wallet isn't showing my top-up, did I do something wrong?
What time is set for my wake-up alarm?
My PIN seems to be blocked, help me access it?
tell me about the current weather
how long I can go to XXX
There are some charges that I don't recognize.  It happened days ago.  Can I get these charges back?  Should I cancel my card?
please save the current song to favorites
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
update on email
why did my payment revert
What do you charge for top ups?
When New York train will arrive
open facebook messenger
secure us a meeting room for 9am on friday
help me call xxx
is my alarm set
give me an interesting fact about antarctica
lower volume
Is Sofia Vergara single?
My app was on the phone and I was mugged.  What do I do?
find the minimum due on my peco energy bill for february
will i pay extra if i use my card in juarez
play netflix on my ps four
how much are my bills
would you like to play a game
I have moved to a new house and set up a rent payment to my landlord, it was supposed to be in her account a few days ago but it hasn't arrived.  I definitely sent it to the right place, can you confirm where the money is?
what timezone is britain in
can you switch out of whisper mode
for some reason I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
please play for me elvis presley song again
i didnt make these transactions, i think my card details might be stolen
please tell me my location using gps
what are you doing
What are the limits to where my card will be accepted?
was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday
when is the next time i need to get an oil change
make me happy
hurry up and just erase everything from the todo list
what kind of traffic is on hwy 1 going to the downtown area right now
please tell me all the purchases on my hy-vee card for this statement period
be funny for me
can you tell me your last sentence said once again.
Cancel my meeting tomorrow.
I made a mistake when making my last transfer, please cancel before it goes thru.
do i have any missed call from patrick
what are the measurements of a Rubix Cube
tell me the timezone for hong kong
My payment has been returned.
shit, you did not understand what i said.
Remove Tuesday alarm of 9.00 a. m.
Delete that from my calendar
what time is it in the eastern half of the us right now
Something is wrong with my passcode
isn't it a lovely song please save this for me
what's the chance of rain on friday
did you get what i said correctly?
turn up the lights please
hows twitter
you've done it right.
report my card as lost
what name do you go by
Make March 18 a repeating appointment for Pearl's birthday.
The transger I tried to make failed.
I'm not certain, but someone may be using my card.
what gun shows are in tulsa
Check my new emails
get it with fry
explanation of the song
My topup got reverted. Please let me know if there is any issue in system.
does travelling to that place require a visa
What are my reminders?
Can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approx. 10 mins. from now?
would you say i need new tires if i last bought them on the 24th
get rid of the wednesday list
Stop the audio
hurriedly activates my robot vacuum cleaner
what's the amount of time i've taken off work this year
i think i need to make a reservation for 8 pm at red robin for 3
What is the 10 day forecast?
What is the reason for my card payment to be reverted?
Can I top up online?
I want to order some takeaway food
do you have any hobbies to speak of
Book for me an Uber taxi to Carmen Drive
Find a recipe for dinner tonight
Can I set automatic top ups?
i need to get an appointment for car maintenance
are my tires due to be changed soon
can i use electronic devices in mexico without a socket converter
please can you check what i said.
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with virgin airlines to vancouver bc
i am not clear about your answers.
can you tell me where to find the top-up verification code?
tell me starting phrase of this music
where did he was yesterday
how much is my mpg
Can you remove my account please?
Please cancel my most recent transfer, it was a mistake. This is an emergency. It needs to be canceled before it goes through.
are there any travel alerts for brazil
would you tell me one more again please.
How can many disposable cards can I have per day?
remove the board meeting and reschedule for next wednesday
Can you please advise if there is something wrong with my card? I have had multiple rejections and do not know the reason. Thanks!
I was charged twice for the same thing.
you should talk faster
Delete next event on my calendar
Please start my music
book for me an uber taxi to carmen drive
Can you tell me what currencies I can use to add money?
whatever would be ok to me.
resume audio book history of rome
i appreciate that answer!
let's play nine ball against me adapt with my skill level always let me win
is there anything i can't ask you
Can you tell me what this cash withdrawal is?
Can I withdraw money in my hometown currency while on holiday without any additional fees?
did you get last thing i said correctly?
I need to verify a payment to my new landlord. I transferred the first rent payment a few days ago. While it shows on my side, the landlord is saying he hasn't received it yet. Can you verify that it has processed?
sorry but i think that's not right.
erase previous list
Transferred to account is not successful, help please?
remove all the events in my calendar
remove tuesday alarm of nine am
tell me the time
My card has been compromised
tell me a joke about birds
My last name has changed and I need to update my account details.
PDA, please turn on the smart socket.
what are all the event in area
thank you so much for the help, olly.
erase
how's the air pressure in my tires
What do I need to make french toast?
change the lights to a different hue
silence
i need a hotel with good reviews in baltimore
tell me what is on my list
THERE ARE MANY IMPORTANT EVENT IN THIS MONTH, NOTE DOWN THAT.
what is the credit card apr please
go ahead and order everything on my shoping list
what's new with the stock market
Is there any events planned for the next 3 months?
which time train dep
explain some trivia about lebron james
get me a coffee
let's play our favourite football match on tv
Are there limits with top-up?
you are awesome, thank you.
could you get john's email address for me
yes good response to command.
i think someone made an illegal charge to my card
how long is the wait at cheesecake factory
please will you say that one more again.
i'm afraid this charge on my account is fraud
Will the weather be hot or cold tomorrow?
Why did withdrawing money cost me extra?
How come I got to pay to get my money from the ATM?
that was not what i asked for.
google uber
on what day do i pay my car payment
how many points do i need before i can redeem them
It's declining my transfers. Normally this works, but my card is being declined now and I've tried more than once.
About this card PIN?
what is the reason i am locked out of my bank account
Who sings this?
Please turn off only Right side light
What is the extra €1 on my statement for?
Show me my playlist
Can I use my social security card as a form of identity?
How do you decide what your exchange rates are?
I'd like you to shut off my smart plug socket now, please.
I have been waiting for my top-up to complete and it still hasn't gone through.
Alexa, turn off the Wemo socket in the kitchen.
Is there a charge for top-ups?
I was mistakenly charged a fee for using my card.
How long is the wait for my card?
i've told my financial institution that i'm in africa from august 6 to december 5
Why didn't my transfer work?
Why do I have to verify the top-up?
what are people saying about chick-fil-a's chicken nuggets
i want a new insurance plan
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
can you set my alarm for seven thirty am
My card payment's cancelled
Is there a reason my refund isn't showing on my statement?
Can you find the newest song from MGK?
please turn on whisper voice
need to verify source of funds
what's your birthday
I have used all of my PIN tries. What should I do now?
i need a reminder alarm at one
Go to Sirius and play the hip-hop channel
I want you to tweet for me to Hathway Customer service as I have got a very huge bill amount.
PDA what do i have planned for this week
what do i do if i think my car battery's dead
Turn on my electronic playlist
describe a tomatillo
compare prices or dairy items in local shops
Where can I withdraw money from?
i want hot cofee
wouldn't mind for whatever.
Evaluate today's schedule
can you tell me a good place to eat
Can I change my PIN if I want to?
get me an uber for 3 people uptown
remind me to bring a jacket in tomorrow
Where do I find the auto top up option?
play this audiobook
Hi, I was at a restaurant later the week and when I went to look at my account I noticed that I got charged twice. I would like to get my money back from one of those transactions.
Play top 25 hits
tweet this tweet coffee was too hot and at this company costa coffee
flip me a coin
Is it possible to get both Visa and Mastercard from you?
I can't get a contactless payment to work.
cancel my three pm alarm
march fifth is john's birthday please place this on the calendar
how do you cook meatloaf
please tell steve my location
olly could you please shut off.
what is the weather in atlanta
how can i make a change to my credit limit
please shut off the kitchen lights
what is a stock price of tata
who makes the ai
set the volume higher
the twenty second is on what day of the week
I'm not happy with service and would like to delete this account.
How would you reach Moscow?
what street do i take to get to downtown
i'd like to reserve a high-end car that seats 5 comfortably for april 12th through 18th for st louis missouri
how much money was deposited to my bank account from my employer this month
I have a fee listed for a transfer.
what's my pay for this week
Please tell Kmart they sent the wrong item.
what's john's home phone number
where can i find a w2
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this,what should be done
What are the charges for topping up US card?
That song in the background is annoying.
Tune into the Joe Rogan show in 10 minutes.
What needs to be provided for identity verification?
i would like to know the types of subjects are you familiar with
shuffle music
My card is expiring, how do I get a new one?
please check and confirm my last instruction.
When I was traveling abroad, the exchange rate was applied wrong.
please will you try again.
I do not have my pin yet
yeah that's amazing.
Someone has been using my card. There are unfamiliar transactions on there. Can you freeze the card to keep this from happening?
would you tell me it one more time please.
book swan resume
please turn down the lights to fifty percent in the den
Olly will it rain on Saturdy?
What is (9+4/5-3)^10?
What, if any, is the limit  for auto top-up?
thanks for the response, olly.
this is a true statement
play the song called guerrilla radio
who did the programming for this ai
When I add money to my international card do you charge a fee to do so?
could you list my health benefits
what is the nearest vegan restaurant?
I took out cash abroad and the exchange rate isn't correct.
i need to get a ticket via train to orlando from hwood
can you turn my bedroom lights off
increase your vocals
create an alarm for me
How long does it take for my id to verify?
what's the chance of rain
any one will be fine with me, olly.
When will my card be delivered?
don't care.
does hannahs in galloway take reservations
Erase events.
Please program volume settings for 16 when I'm in the room at 14 for when I've gone to bed.
cut wemo power please
Is there a charge for topping up by card?
how many lists do i have
once again explain me on that please.
can you help me rent a car in las vegas
How much is it to use my US debit or credit card to top up?
i would not really bother.
Why have I been charged a fee for cash withdrawal?
tell me what's trending on twitter
which hotels in evans have good reviews
how do you use jumper cables
give me today's sports news
What businesses accept this card?
i would not mind for any one, olly.
Check time of 10887 train From Jodhpur station on monday
do not wake me up tomorrow
please tell me if i need any shots before i go to mexico
may transactions for last 2 days
will i encounter traffic
i will be glad to know what type of things you can help me with
ai, stop talking
start podcasts on nfl
Send a copy of the bills to Mecky by email.
tell me some things to see in tampa
How can I make my card ready to use?
what is up with my account, why is it blocked
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take it?
could you direct me to any good places in kentucky that serve sushi
What are the trending topics in the world
what the tube like to jersey PDA?
i need sal to be texted and say i'll be there
audio start
Lower volume to half.
show me details of arnold
Remove list of Due payment of Rajesh.
When I received my cash, the exchange rate was wrong.
where is the nearest train to me
Is there a charge for sending out more cards?
my phone was taken! can you place cancel my account so no one uses it
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday
Show me my new emails.
My package is taking too long to arrive and I don't want it anymore. Can I get a refund?
tell me the weather for this week
when i want it to take down notes
why are we here in life
find grocery store with an organic section near me
Is it going to be windy today.
silently adjust
I made an error in payment yesterday and I need it fixed asap because it's for my rent tomorrow.
I need a Visa card
overall day
how can i jump start a car
I just received my card and I'd like to activate it.
i need you to roll an 8 sided dice
what's 10 euros in dollars
how many points have i earned with my paypal credit card so far
I withdraw money abroad but I didn't get the right amount.
olly please could you shut up.
There are funds in my app that I did not receive.
i favorite singer is arijit singh find his voice on radio
play magic run after thirty min
write apples on my shopping list
a joke please
I deposited a cheque, why isn't my balance showing that I did?
anything will be good with me, olly.
what is the balance on my bills
Do I have anything scheduled today between 3 and 4pm?
Read most recent reminder
i enjoyed speaking with you
can you turn the lights up
read a poem for me
If I feel someone has my card information, can I get a new card?
tell me what i have on my todo list
is there a special place where i can schedule to check my tires out
I don't recall making that payment?
can you check if meeting rooms are available between 4 and 5
i'd like you check and confirm the detail please.
Play Jars of Clay's If I Left the Zoo
you didn't get it correctly.
When will my top-up process?
What's my emals this morning say?
I am having trouble verifying my identity.
the song you are playing is amazing
tell me john's phone number
My card payment might have been reverted.
shoot an email to chris about work tomorrow
you helped a lot, thank you so much, olly.
show me where i am on the map
i would like to hear something funny
Is it windy today?
What is the maximum transactions I can use on a disposable card?
which contact haven't i called in twelve months
once again clarify me about your answers please.
Why was my account assessed a fee?
find list in my pda
Why did the ATM eat my card?
delete list blank
how do i report my card if it got cut in half
put an order in for two pizzas from dominoes
My PIN isn't working.
do i own you
Why would you decline my card?
Give me the weekly weather near me.
Lower the lighting
anything interesting happening next friday
Explain the payment that was declined!
let me know about any alarms set today
you need to find an alternate route to my destination
How many times can I use a disposable card?
hey olly my the lights a little warmer
i'm going to need a hotel in tampa near ybor city for march 23rd through the 28th
church with mom and dad on sunday
Do I get a discount if I exchange currencies a lot?
Turn the robot vacuum cleaner on.
set a reminder to <unk>
I don't want the item, I bought it on accident, can I get a refund?
that's nice job, thank you so much.
find my shopping list and delete it
find me someone
will i be able to visit peru without a travel visa
Where is the top-up verification code sent?
Explain to me the dark matter theory and show my its applications
do i have transaction fees if i use my american card internationally
would you skip this song
i would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
can you tell me how old you are
share my location with this person
how many emails do i have in the last fifteen minutes
does spain have any travel alerts i should be aware of
how's everything
I transferred money but the balance hasn't changed.
power yourself on
what is the number of the closest taxi company
my alarms
whats going on with my day off request
I need to cancel a transaction please!
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once, second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
what's on the shopping list
book ticket for paris by train
hey, slow down and take your time
shit, it isn't what i requested.
yeap confirmed.
let me know the date tomorrow
play current episode
When will my cheque process?
what music do i like
I forgot my password
volume check
how does it feel outside
why people like to criticize others while seldom self-criticize?
tell me how to make garlic bread
where can i have a virtual card
Show me future events
Send me a physical card
how can i roll over my 401k
i am in need of my location
do you know if meeting rooms are open to use 1-2
let me know the alarm time
I bought an item and the exchange rate was wrong.
i am sorry but i think that's not the correct answer.
add mop to hardware store list
Are there any traffic issues
oops, you have understood me incorrectly.
i am exhausted from work
will you check and confirm that please.
could you help me find the interest on my chase account
thanks but i think you do not get me.
add carl's email to my contact
play that podcast please
play {song title} by {artist}
Will it rain tomorrow in Miami
search next station
show me the expiration date for my visa card
i want to buy a train ticket tomorrow for boston to new york
PDA name: post this on my facebook
play the latest games.
Do I get a real card?
Do you accept US credit cards?
Is there tracking info available?
how real are you
Can I have my list
how much for topping up by card?
can you check last thing said please.
I will be traveling.  Can I add money automatically?
Can I get one of your cards in the EU
My cash withdrawal was short.
There was just a withdrawal but it wasn't me, I've never even visited the town where the withdrawal happened.
Dady mummy vettil illa
overall day
tell me how busy red robin is at 5 pm
What is on my to-do list today?
give me the plug type for the country
i am going to address you as my own name
i was not clear about your answer.
What is the time difference between California and Michegan?
id like to put in an order for some chinese food with hunan wok
Delete my 8 pm alarm.
is everything ok today
see you
I would like to get some extra cards?
Olly make my coffee
is the traffic bad enough that i should leave early
what is the total of 500 and 23
say a funny
target declined my card and i don't know why
Tell me about the new foriegn policy of Trump
decrease lighting
whatever the next event is in the calendar delete it
i'd love to hear when you were born
ah it's great one.
Three months ago I bought a new house for my cat, fluffy.  Unfortunately Fluffy was not a fan of the house and it had to be returned to Pet Smart last week.  They said they have sent a refund but it's not there, can you tell me where it is?
Set off this alarm
A random charge got added to my card
show me my alarms
schedule a meeting with carrie and lisa
revert to factory settings
how to keep my credit up
what alarms have i set for tomorrow
can i get a train ticket to chicago for next saturday around noon
what type of pet is in your home
i would like to know the proper way to greet an adult in portuguese
i would not bother.
you're speaking too fast, slow down
I'm not able to verify my identity.
do i already have cereal on my shopping list
how do i give my car a jump
i am sorry but i think that is not the right answer.
Make an alarm for the morning.
weather in home town
what is the matter?
Are your cards supported in the EU?
my chinese food has sat in the fridge since friday but can i still eat it
find a taxi to book
which place has more traffic
definition for object name
roll a six sided die for me and tell me the result
I want a disposable virtual card, how do I do that?
Please access GPS to direct me
start playlist
what do they have going on for festivals downtown
Why should I verify the top-up?
Can you please explain to me why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement?
i need to add flour to my list for shopping if i haven't already
is there any type of festival going on in town this weekend
could you use the female voice
remember that this song is good but too slow to exercise to
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
What will happen after my card expires?
can you tell me the amount of gas i have
can you suggest a few credit cards that have good rewards points
There's a payment in the app I don't recognize.
what kind of gas mileage does this car get when going through a city
how do i spell ambitious
stop, you didn't instruction the request right.
let's make some popcorn and watch an old movie together
are the plugs different in barcelona
I didn't receive all the cash I asked for
Why hasn't my transaction been completed?
open the radio app
give me the list of circus shows going on in the city right now
check weather
Latest finance news
Can you tell me what I need for identity validation?
save this post about the song that i just listened to
mute sound
spell "requisite" for me
find list and remove apple
on every tuesday remind me to go shopping
do I need anything for the identity check?
Ideas,Jokes,
Start BBC radio.
should i watch this movie
I'm suddenly getting an error while attempting a transfer that it isn't possible. Why? I've done it before.
latest reminder about meeting
Resume play on my most recent audiobook selection.
find the shortest distance for the location needed
How long does it take for the card to come?
plan a meeting in office with all employees tomorrow morning at eight
i would like you to check what last said please.
please tweet for me about the bad service rended by the taj restaurant
play episode two of the intern
Remind me two hours before 6pm that I have to wake up at 4 am friday morning
remember to put carrots in there
Where can I go to get a virtual card?
thank you very much, olly.
olly please will you shut up.
how many number of fans does that person have  approximately.
how is the traffic at the moment
what is the remainder of my starbucks rewards balance
explain further.
When is St. Patrick's Day?
may i know what is trending in twitter
to 350, set the oven
talk to me in italian
can you cancel my reservation for dinner tomorrow
I want to know today's weather
My card has been stolen. I reported it with the police, but I need to report it with you as well.
double check my reservation under adam for outback steakhouse
tell me something to make me laugh
what can you help me with
i have to use the phone to make a call
Cancel the alarm at xx:yy am/pm
when is my kaiser bill due
now what is the time
Pull up news from the Wallstreet Journal.
what's today date ?
don't talk so slow
I still don't have my card after 2 weeks.  What should I do?
get rid of item on the list
play a random song from my playlist.
Did a WD earlier at an ATM.  The amount showing in the App is more than I got though.
pick up wuthering heights where we left off
get news about new foreign policy
tell me a joke about lawyers
I need to make multiple disposable cards in a day.
Is there a fee for topping up
how do i find lost luggage in an airport
look up the credit limit for my visa
change the lights to green
what would you like to be called
How come I'm not allowed to transfer funds right now? I just keep getting an error message.
how long is the wait time at olive garden currently
eliminate the list kickball but make sure the contacts remain
Where do I go to change my PIN?
Book me a taxi to the Mall of America please
play the miami heat and warriors game
Currency exchanges have any extra fees?
Set an alarm for time
How are you?
I accidentally made a payment to a wrong account. What should I do?
Reduce light intensity
The exchange rate given to me wasn't correct, after i purchased an item
reset it please.
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
tell me a fact i may not know
Tell me about scheduled events
how many mexican pesos is a us dollar worth
Dial the number
Please check email from my boss
If I top up by card, what options do I have re: currency and card type?
add grocery shopping to my to do list
How is the spouse of Obama ?
What is the weather like in Brooklyn right now?
song next
when's your birthday
What is the time in Chicago?
Is there a disposable virtual card?
Where can I go to update my personal profile?
would you start over.
write a tweet telling macy's that they should be shutting down instead of jcpenney
i need to let my bank know i am visiting asia soon
give me today's market trends for panasonic
how many people are following me on twitter now
from where can i get a train ticket for athens
Show me news about the enviroment
Why is there an extra 1 pound charge on my card?
ai i need to go to charlies with eight adults can you get uber
The amount of time that transfers usually take from a UK account is what?I just completed a transfer and it is not showing up at all. I'm wondering at this point if everything is actually okay.
what alarms do i have set for thursday
try using a different accent
Is there a reason why a recipient might not see my money transaction
please would you try that one more time again.
how many minutes should i put meal the cake in the oven
Show me the big bang theory?
How do I order a card?
couldn't get that.
app doesnt think its me
where can i see the routing number for bmo
how much is the us dollar worth in canada
that's not right it's false
There's an unauthorized direct debit in my app.
how to go to multi specialty hospital
which store's got the cheapest three pound beef rump
what is the minimum payment on my eddie bauer card
Why was I charged more than I should have been?
Why wouldn't the ATM give me cash?
Will I receive a new card when mine expires?
what time is it right now?
get my entire shopping list ordered
list all set alarms
You charged me more than once for the same transaction!
i haven't checked my facebook yet are there any updates from my close friends
how long does this dish need to be in the oven
add this song to my rainy day playlist
whats the reward balance for my visa
i need you to clear my todo list
send report to consumer service
Hey Olly, play me a popular country song?
My card is showing a fee from when I used it, but I thought this card was supposed to be fee free?
I transferred some funds but I don't see it
what conducts heat better copper bottomed pots or cast iron
How old do we have to be?
How much for an actual card?
deactivate smart plug socket
i find rap music really enjoyable
I need some help, I thought you guys accepted crypto top ups?? It won't seem to let me do it. I put money in my account and now it's gone and I didn't spend it. Where did it go??
I used my card to make a payment a while ago and its still pending, Why is it taking so long?
Is verifying my identify important?
define session
yes answer was amazing.
What steps do I have to take to activate my card?
what time will my alarm go off today
is there enough air in my tires
Add haircut to my appointments on Saturday aftyernoon at 4
i need some help with transferring my 401k, can you help
you did it exactly.
how much money have i spent this week
do I have any new emails on my inbox?
Find me a good meatloaf recipe.
what do i have on my need to do list
i tried to transfer cryptocurrency into my account but was denied
i'd like to continue to the next episode
outlet on
i'm striving to find a 2-way flight from jfk to dtw for w to july 3
is there a routing number for wells fargo
How many days do I have to wait for the transfer to reach my account?
did anybody post on facebook today
convert the american dollar to the euro
hmm, this is not what i asked.
which insurance do i have
I need to exchange a currency - can I do that here?
you have yo go to school on calendar
Turn on 107.5.
The exchange rates are?
clear my nine am alarms
what's 10 inches in centimeters and millimeters
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
How much money will I make for the week if I make $8.00 per hour and work 20 hours?
tell KOC on twitter at KOC your wait time sucks
any activity in the area?
can you look up what my shopping list has on it
Is it possible to get a card when i'm not in the UK?
set music system to mute
do you know who you came from
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already Would you please check if everything is okay with my account?
could you repeat that.
please turn on my door lock
Are cards issued to people living in the US?
explain me about what you've just said once again.
yeap you did it right.
please would you check and confirm it.
turn the living room lights to one percent
I forgot my code to get into the app.
Olly, where do the Rocky Mountains start?
text bill and tell him i'll be 30 minutes late
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. SEPA transfers typically take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
Give me the latest population statistics for Donald Trump
will you further elaborate me on it please.
put an order in for two pizzas from dominoes
go back to your manufacturers' settings
stock please
start bbc radio
thanks but this is not the right response.
I've already tried 5 times to complete a transfer that's just standard. What's the deal? Is your system down at this time?
what alarms are currently set
i do not really mind, olly.
What is a calone worth compared to a US dollar
i suspect fraudulent transaction
load my playlist titled country favorites and play it
rolls have how many calories
what do i have to do today
Olly, dim the lights in the hall
what do i have scheduled on 3/15
i would like to hear the next song on this playlist
can you tell me what hobbies the ai has
give me my location on the map
What is my identification used for?
check xxxx's number
train times location
please do a dice roll
olly schedule a news update for tomorrow morning at seven am
How was the traffic now
i do not want to use the socket anymore
Play some pop music.
My top up card needs verification and I don't know how to do it
are there any events schedule for this week
What's the exchange rate for...
hold
tell me current time
go to the next song now
book a train ticket from baltimore maryland to new york new york
please define erection for me
i'm going to need a meeting room on 9am on tuesday
lights off in the kitchen please
currency to currency rate
what is my routing number
can i get the interest rate for my checking account
My top is still pending.
any junk mails
remove my meeting today at one pm
Can I use my account without verifying my identity?
what is the meaning of ultra?
tell me a non-offensive joke
Why is allowance not being given to my beneficiary?
i need an alarm to go off at 6 am
Whats going on in my calendar
please find me a recipe for spaghetti now
any one will be okay with me, olly.
When is my next meeting
Why am i to verify the top-ups?
I was supposed to get a refund but it is not showing up on my card
please proceed to the next available rock song
on a flight with jin air to jeju, how many carry ons are allowed
Can I get a Visa instead of a MasterCard?
do you know how many calories are in a single chicken breast
sorry but you had me not correct.
Cortana, turn all lights on
Is Fongs dine in only?
i have to send a text
order six chicken tacos from chipotle
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
How long do bank transfers take to clear
make some noise
please could you check question.
reset the thing spoke please.
I no longer want this can i cancel my purchase?
do you know what you call me
what is a good place for cruise
Do you work in Greece?
olly search for pink's youtube channel
where am i currently located
do i have cleaning the counters on my to-do list
what types of pets do you own
if you had to choose, cat or dog
Alexa, give me the headline news.
What is the price for a physical card?
i'd like to hear a fun fact about adult entertainment
find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it
Are there any extra hidden fees for exchanging currencies?
catch you around
can you tell me about the nutrients in jello
resume playing you are joking mr feynman
Why do you need to know so much about me
Let me know any updates about new Trump cabinet appointments
When is the first weekday of the month?
Why is there an additional fee showing on the statement I received?
Please help! I was looking at my account and saw a transaction with a seller I don't remember. Is it possible for you to track the sale, because I really don't think I made a payment to them.
how to spell: dessert
Why didn't the ATM give me my money?
Your exchange rates are coming from where?
Play some tunes for me
will i have to wait for long before being seated at the cheese cake factory
i want to know if you are a real person or an ai
cease operating lights
tell me the result of a dice roll with five sides
what's happening in news express
weather for the next week in new york
what highly rated movies are playing this weekend
i was in australia trying to buy chips and my cards got declined
Do you support the exchange of EUR from my currency.
Why on earth is the exchange rate so bad?   Can I get a rate closer to the actual interbank rate?
walk me through the process of scheduling a meeting
why does my credit union account have a hold on it
Play my last used playlist
where is the nearest smoke shop
all new mail
please activate my coffee pot for me
show me delivery near me
turn on alarm thirty minutes before liverpool started to play
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
Why is the exchange rate different than expected on my transaction?
Can a card stop working?
nope, incorrect command.
please shut down.
play country music
let's try what you said one more time again please.
What are Jalapenos?
turn socket off
Do I have any notifications
I just did a money transaction but its not showing they received it
A payment is pending
Tell me about my day
At what age can my children use your service?
what does the word abjure mean
does mcdonalds take reservations
can you order me a pizza today from dominos
I can't use my card because it is not working.
ah that's awesome work.
Tweet Comcast to say their service is down.
please say the apr for my credit card
Is there room on my grocery list for an extra item?
i'm in the mood for a joke
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
please go back to the original settings
what does a sea lion look like
remove the santana music list
Why do I see an extra €1 charge on my statement?
This Direct Debit payment may not be right.
could you please raise your volume
can you tell me what things i was trying to remember
How can it be that my Card is not functioning anymore?
play the seventh episode of the morning after
How can I change my Rowlock ?
Can I use American express with apple pay? Why does it make my top up not work?
send ally a text message the message is that i just landed
what is the minimum i can pay on my phone bill
can you please locate my phone
Is is cold outside?
can you set a timer for two minutes
What steps do I take to unblock my PIN?
does this restaurant deliver
I have a flight to take on the 15th
when do i need you change my oil
Can you tell me what currencies I can use to add money?
please increase volume
delete everything from the task list
Can you help me reset my passcode? I forgot it.
what interest rate does my checking account come with
is there any event around
i managed to get a new job but i need help with my 401k rollover
Ok Google, delete Eric's bday from the calendar.
how do i see what i transferred
i want to hear some music
Please check and tell me where is the location of Toms new business.
please reset the last spoken.
save the email to my contact
what do the ratings say about korean bbq
tell me pizza restaurants close by.
here is a new email address to be added to the contacts
will you add what i'm listening to to my bedroom playlist
what lists do i have
i didnt make these transactions, i think my card details might be stolen
Is this my sisters cellphone number?
Can you please turn up the lights
stop and try again.
Is cash good to top up with?
How can I change my name in my profile?
turn on vacuum cleaning
Do EU transfers happen quickly? I purchased something a few days ago and the seller hasn't received my money yet.
yes command was confirmed.
please call me by this new name
Why is my withdrawal wrong? I took out $100 but only received $20.
what points were earned on my mastercard
Let's hear the news from CNN.
Can I have a tangible form of my virtual card.
Take me to T.Nagar
i want to order some more checks for my savings account
remove all the events on my calendar
tell me where my package is currently
Get me the local train timing to destination CSTM.
How long do tranfers from a UK account usuallt take for you? I just made a transfer and nothing shows up, so just wondering if things went ok
using play/pause button
What is the weather like in Boston?
What is the size of the United States?
I've got a meeting by tonight 7:00PM, please mute the music for an hour
just add a new email in my contacts from michael
do you think i can wear sandals or should i wear sneakers tonight at seven pm
what are the details on umf
What kind of fiat currency can I used for holding and exchange?
Turn my smart plug socket on.
switch on robot vacuum cleaner
i want you to call bella
Put on fm101
I have exceeded all my PIN tries
remove cart list
To many charges on my card how do I go about fixing that?
When getting my ID checked, what are the steps involved?
How is the weather in San Francisco
what is the weather like in grand rapids mi
am i talking to a person or a bot
whats the weather
can you tell me what an chaise is
PDA: When this story updates, would you let me know please?
whats the best way to jump start a battery
Too many times I entered the incorrect PIN.  How can I get my account unblocked?
thank you very much for completing it.
can i have your name
i want coffee from the machine
please tell me when the last time was that my car was in the shop
Why is my payment pending?
My card appears to be broken how can I fix it?
i'm short on flour so place an order for me
convert one us dollar to british pound
Why am I not allowed to add a certain beneficiary?
is it going to rain tonight
Are there any specific ATMs that this card can be used at?
Why can't I get my top up to work in Apple Pay?
what is the exchange rate between usd and british pounds
please read my reminder list
can you share the status of my day off request
i can't remember when my car was last serviced, can you find out for me
can i get a train ticket to chicago for next saturday around noon
how much money do i pay in taxes
how do you make sunny side up eggs
does my calendar say i'm free on april one two thousand and seventeen
get coffee maker started for a fresh cup
How much would an extra card cost?
i want to get a card but i live in the US
Hey Olly, turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at 10 am.
Please set an alarm for 10 pm
I'm not sure why my payment has been declined? Please tell me why, I thought it was all good.
give me a joke about horses
Is it possible to order a card?
i'd like to just confirm all of the reminders currently on my list of reminders, please
am i limited in carry ons for jet blue
what day of the month is next tuesday
Do I need to verify the top-up?
Hi, My card is getting declined during top-up. As it urgent, could you please resolve this issue, or guide me with other alternatives if any.
I am not sure but someone else might be using my card
use my savings account to pay xfinity
Can I get my friends to add money to my account?
yes you have got the answer correcly.
What movies has Emma Watson acted in ?
How can I cancel my transfer?
Please dim the lights in the bedroom.
Change the speaker volume to 65%.
Please help!  The app won't let me cancel a money transfer.  I accidently sent money to an account that wasn't mine.  I need this cancelled immediately.
i want you to stop your present action
PDA, What are the stock prices
Play music from VTV
will the pizza be here soon
please change the colour of the lights i'll tell you when to stop
Please subscribe me to updates about US breaking news.
Olly, what is the exchange rate between the US dollar and the AUS dollar?
I did not get enough cash
vacuum the living room in ten minutes
Pending transfer?
i would like to hear what i just said again.
what are the latest tweets on my twitter account
conversion between dollars and pounds
i am sorry but i think you are not right.
what's the pound to dollar exchange rate
replay that.
can you help me find the answer to this question
play bob dylan playlist
book me a rental car in aiken on may 12 to may 16
has the application i put in for a new visa been processed
I am trying to find out how to exchange currency X with currency Y.
is there anything new in my email folder
Can you create a new list?
It seems I was overcharged when I used an ATM while on vacation. If I knew about your fees in advance I sure would have gone somewhere else.
Where can I have a new bank card sent to China?
What to do today
what's the due date for spectrum's bill
what is john's last name
how much gas is in my car
What is the traffic like on my commute home at 5?
Start radio, channel 88.9
i was trying to use my card to get food at publix but it got declined
what is the current time, please
switch to british male accent
would you say what i've just said again please.
Olly.. Get me a coffee.
am i gonna hit traffic
Is it possible to get a card outside the UK?
when is my flight supposed to leave
How do I transfer money between two of my accounts?
I see a direct debit that isn't mine? How can I get my money back?
olly that is all, just stop.
how many miles can i go with my current fuel level
repeat music
I deactivated my card but would like to reactivate it.
darken
convert cm to inch
s2, i don't get your words.
I want to see what this fee is on my card payment.
read to me the last messages in my feed
My card was rejected at the store for some reason, can you look into this for me?
what's going around in the world these days
could i rent a car in seattle from next monday to thursday please
please book me an uber ride to the stadium
would not bother, olly.
Play podcast for the Philadelphia Eagles content
Is there a way to reset my PIN?
check the command.
would i need any immunization if i go to thailand
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
play a game of contra as a second player
Scan the radio for howard stern
is there a way to increase the limit of my credit to 5000 dollars
please i want to hear we will rock you from queen
you are star, thank you so much.
go to next episode
Who is giving me my money?
I just got my card.  It's not linked yet--how do I do that?
what time does the train from new york come in
i need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
go ahead and book a reservation for 8 pm at red robin under the name kevin
sorry but i think it is not right command.
can you book an uber tomorrow
what is the exchange rate?
Could you please put a freeze on my card?  There are some payments on it that I don't know where they came from.
is my alarm set for seven am
what are some roundtrip flights from dallas to los angeles from march 2 to march 10
i don't think thats right.
olly schedule a news update for tomorrow morning at seven am
please proceed to the next available rock song
I still want to use my account but haven't verified is that OK?
give me a movie for tonight
onpay gives you two convenient ways to pay your employees
i would like to solve maths issues
what new movies available today?
Who can top up my accounts?
recipe for meal
i'll be out of the country soon, and want to notify my bank
tell me this songs name
I am having a huge problem with my card being declined and it's really important that I top-up today.  Would you please look into this further and let me know how I can get this fixed?
I want to withdraw money, where can I go?
i want to listen to one oh one point one the whiz
Send email to Robert.
Is the 23rd on the weekend?
I got a declining message during a transfer? please tell me why
i'd like some suggestions on where to go on my vacation this year
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
could you tell me my name
I need you to stop the transfer I just started as soon as possible, I just realized it's not correct!
what is the average wait time to be seated for dinner at rouge
play keno
How do I use auto top up?
las vegas weather today
what is the recommended time frame to change my oil
save the opinion that i just posted to this song
how long should i cook the pasta for
what is five minus one
What is the definition of Problematic?
quick meals
could you please further elaborate me about what you have just said.
could you please remove the set of alarms between eight and nine
How many calories are in a 1/2 cup of peanuts?
say what you've said one more time again please.
i would not mind, olly.
Do I have any emails in the last hour?
AAJ MARCH KI 5TH DAY HAI, HAI KI NAHI?
check in a taxi for booking
set coffee to brew at seven am
What day of the week is 25th
Would you please check to see if I've set my alarm for tomorrow morning
Scratch item 3
There is a direct debit set up that I didn't create.
send message via email
confirm the john reservation at applebee's
what is the expiration date on my credit card
how soon will me package arrive
Card payment declined?
Define Schadenfraude.
what's my to do list for today
Does the app top up automatically?
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
do you know the price for my taxes in income
Can you explain to me why a top-up would still be pending?
what new credit card should i submit an application for
what time is it in this city
What will the weather be like for the next week?
What time is it in Las vegas
how's it going right now
Where to check top ups pending?
There is a vendor name I don't recognize on a payment from my account. I don't think I made this payment.
My transfer to an account failed.
help me transfer my 401k
get me a uber
aib podcast on kashmir,start it.
could you please change your accent to the male british one
what types of things are you able to do
when will i be off again
find an uber driver available for tonight after ten pm
stolen phone, what should i do
found card, how to put it back in app
what might i need to do to direct deposit my paycheck
Turn off the fan08
what is going on in me area today
my credit card was stolen; how long before a new one will arrive
post this pic to facebook
siri, call jacob
what does jon bon jovi's wife look like
I made a purchase recently but I have decided that I'm not buying it and I need to receive my money back. Can you please give me a refund ASAP. It's extremely urgent.
Give me my Facebook update every 3 hours.
turn off the nearest light to me
tell me the month that my card will expire in
i just got this new job but i need help with my 401k rollover
Power off/on!
Please check email from matrimony
Do I have any new emails?
do you know about carry ons out of tampa with spirit
let me know the minimum i can pay on my cable bill
can you call the help desk line for my credit card company
what is the weather like right now?
i really wanna get some more checkbooks mailed to me
Please help me.  My disposable virtual card won't work right.
i want for you to disconnect from my phone
can you get a call started to martha
hey olly what are some good job opportunities
where did my funds come from?
Why could my transfer have been declined?
PDA, what does AUS stand for?
could you send a text to marty and say i am running behind
Where can I find top up by cash deposit?
can you get me a recipe for mashed potatoes
what are the reviews like for zazie
What does speaker mean?
how much is it to exchange currency
start the robot vacuum cleaner at one pm today
what is the latest headline news from this newsource
this was not what i am searching for.
what would you call this kind of music that we're listening to
What is the latest local news for the Greenville area?
Is PIN delivered separately?
Why isn't my balance reflecting a transfer I did?
please i want to hear we will rock you from queen
can you swap the language to afrikaans for me
tweet a complaint to old navy website
Please help me with my card payments which keeps getting reverted whenever i do online shopping. I am having this problem since last two weeks.
Olly Kfix is my favorite rapper
what day is the fifteenth
Can you tell me about wayne gretszky
what is the carry-on policy for flights on lufthansa
I need a train ticket to (location). Book ticket.
I was given less cash then I wanted.
It kept my cash
What's the cheapest marathon to enter within 50 miles of here?
How can I set a new pin.
please increase volume
What events are going to happen in my city between 2-4pm today?
Check my mailbox and let me know if there is any mail post 7:00AM today
send an email with the address you gave me to jean saying meet us here at eight pm
I want to cancel my purchase
i would like you to change your accent
please tell me when i can become rich if i invested in dow stocks today and what will be the return after five years
play this game with me
how many days have i taken off
this item should be added to the list
did my vacation get approval
clear my activities list for today
could you tell me once again please.
Why was the wrong rate applied when I bought something in a different currency?
Is it possible to change my pin if i am out of the country?
What was the first movie of Morgan Freeman?
Any new messages?
What type of deposits do you accept into my account?
i would like to hear what i've said again.
how many personal days have i taken this month
i will call you jimbo from now on
Is there an amount limit to my top-up?
Can I have a second card?
Can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing in my balance?
Olly, change my light color to yellow.
this song needs to be added to my country music playlist
does mexico require me to have a visa to travel there
what would five pounds be in kilos
tell me everything about umf
what's my checking look like
Play Jingle Bells next.
What can I do if my passcode won't work?
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
turn my lights to some random color
can i rename you bob
i need to add my doctor's appointment to my calendar for the first
what is 1243 times 45
open social media account
Where's my top up code?
is my credit card expiration date approaching
why wont my american express work to add money
Launch super mario.
Who is the first president in USA?
yeah wonderful.
do i need a visa if i'm going to san jose
Can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram?
let's start over please.
is there a way to increase the credit limit on my american express card
Erase all calendar events
Tweet @companyname that I did not receive my order on time
trash the open list google
how many dollars are in a euro
please mute for five minutes
how to i go about getting my virtual card
Olly, list all the nearby shops
turn up volume
who is singing this song
Cancelling a transaction
Play songs from favorite
do you know any fun facts about the ocean
I made a card payment, but it has been declined?
PDA, tell me the time in Tokyo.
My calender is to be updated with all RCCG March event.
Tweet a complaint to Amazon about late shipment
I do not have the information to verify my identify.
can you tell me the exchange rate for yen to euros
am i talking with real person or ai
My source of funds require verification.
can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person
give a pleasant sound
please remove list
set an alarm for two hours from now
So what about the card PIN?
What are the fees for using a European bank card?
What do I do if my payment was reverted?
i have lost my card, what am i supposed to do
what do i need to make lamb pathia
i need to know my bill total for my verizon payment due this month
Is it okay to use a bank card to top up
when was my last payday
playback tom clancy splinter cell
What's EUR USD right now?
Please play the podcast Order of the Green Hand 2
do i have any meetings on my calendar today
what fees are charged if i use something in paris
How long will it take to transfer something from China?
How bad is the traffic on Sunset Boulevard?
i need step by step instructions on how to change the oil in my car
Is there a fee to order a physical card?
delete my next meeting
how do i cash in my amex reward points
Cortana, open up contacts and add, email, something@gmail.com.
What does settle mean?
what do you need to jump a car
How do I cook spaghetti squash?
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
how much did my state taxes change
resume audio playback of twilight
Please cancel all alarms for tomorrow.
can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
What fiat currencies are used for exchange?
How do you top-up using cash?
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
get contact
What is the latest traffic report for Miami.
i'm out of cleaning supplies, remind me on my list
what should i do if i lost my luggage
change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red
Is there any chance of rains in Mysore to beat the heat
Can you explain the meaning behind the abrupt end of the HBO show The Sopranos?
I am confused about your fee structure and was disappointed to see a fee for my transfer.
Show me my meetings this Friday
can you order me takeout
siri, find my iphone
show local events near me
add oil change to my to do list
cease operating lights
could you tell me the meaning of life
video games
tell me how you are doing
start playing again
Decrease volume to very soft
lower audio
what is jimmy johns's corporate number
Says that my top-up is incomplete?
Seems like the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday was wrong. I was charged extra.
mention the thing in the list
do you have a name that i can call you
what about the new york city traffic
Where can I get a new passcode?
how healthy is rice
it's nice one, i appreciate it.
tell me about medieval war engines
did mark post anything new on facebook
I paid with my card and ended up being charged a fee.
save all of my preferences information specific to songs
how its possible
please wake me up at 7:30 am
refer the stock price of hdfc
top up google pay, is it possible?
Why hasn't my transaction completed?
I need to freeze my card. There are charges on there that i did not authorize. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get this money back?
cancel my 6:00 reservation at the cheesecake factory
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
Remove aniversary event from my calendar
I have lost my phone, what steps can I take to prevent someone using my account?
what's on my todo list
Fix my contactless
you are star, thank you so much.
I want to reactivate my card, I found it after thinking it was lost.
I need to verify the source of funds.
please remind me to add laundry to my list of chores
How do I get to the virtual cards?
that's enough, just cancel it.
vacuum cleaner start
am i going to swim or work today
turn lights on in my bedroom
i need to have a timer for 10 minutes
put out the lights
how is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas today
how do i order checks for my savings account
what's the usual time for tuna casserole
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
can you check to see if my order has been delivered, please
Life
Is it possible to tell if my top up has reverted?
How would I go about getting a second card?
good work, you did well, olly.
I didn't get all the money I asked for
what is tomorrows events
There's a payment with my card that I didn't perform. I don't know that name shown.
I used my pin too many times.
is my credit score over 700 yet
What is the reason my cash withdrawal is still pending?
i have been trying to top up my account with a check but it won't work
what are some of the ways that i can see an improvement in my credit score
Today some things happened
olly shut off.
Why is my transfer not working? I tried multiple times to transfer money, and all that happens is an error message pops up.
How can I resolve a problem where my card won't go through at all?
how do i order some more checks for my usaa account
what type of gas should i use
s2, that was not clear.
Why do you need so much information to verify my identity?
Please play shape of you by Ed Sheeran.
Hey, I try to make a bank transfer from my UK account a few hours ago, but it haven't show up yet. Please check my account to make sure everything alright with it?
Why was my top-up declined?
does the nearby pizza hut deliver in my area
i don't really mind to choose any one, olly.
mobile device explanation
check all the new them emails and mark them star
Add a lot of James Taylor, Joni MItchell and Cat Stevens to the playlist.
who's your creator
What are the charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train?
I got charged in double and want a refund
Someone took my card without permission
tell me the reviews for bjs
change the music mode to rock
let's roll the dice
What is the $1 transaction on my account?
have you heard how the enchiladas are at jose's taco shop
share location with john
i don't know how to jump start my car, help!
crack a joke
Why would I receive an error that my transfer isn't possible when I've done it before?
What currency does England use?
What'll it charge me for a SEPA transfer?
clear data
i'd like to have everything on my shopping list
What is my astrology report for today
I am planning activating my card was it possible?
set a reminder for fifteen minutes to change laundry loads
Where in the app do I go to make my new card show up?
when will i be off again
Can I stop a transaction?
can you complete an application for a new credit card for me
What is the echange rate between USD and CAD
I want to take back my transaction
Where do I go to reset my passcode?
It seems cold.
I am still waiting for a money transfer to process.
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been actually charged though...
repeat what you have just said.
olly set my alarm to go off in an hour
Where can I locate my PIN at?
start playing from where i left off on the goblet of fire
how do i activate you
s2, this was not clear.
Play (genre) radio
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
can i rent a car in belgium from march 01 to march 02 and have it be a porsche
With this app, will I be able to exchange currency?
I added money through a bank transfer and it is not showing in my balance.
destroy process
I would like to refill my account using SWIFT.
send this email to reply to the latest emails
what time is it right now at home
describe about the computer hard disk
i am sorry but you didn't understand me.
Why didn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
what sort of gas does the car need
tell me how long i ought to spend preparing fajitas
start vacuum cleaner
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up. I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Would you please help me get the money back from the seller.
you have done that right thanks.
Please help me get a Visa card.
Card payment still pending.
I think my card payment was cancelled. What happened?
good work, you have done well, olly.
what is your birth date
what's the status of my virgin airlines flight
turn on silent mode until my alarm goes off
how's everything
Can you tell me the cost of a transfer?
go to email and send message to
Erase all data from calendar
Why don't I have my transfer?
can you text arthur and tell them im almost there
start some music, play the radio
robot do the whole house now
i need to know the current time in the central timezone
i need to find my credit score
please give me the nutrition facts for chicken parmesan
I just have one other card from the US. Is that okay?
has my vacation request been approved yet
Tell me about latest controversial news of kim kardashian.
can you see if there any trains going to...
show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
How long for money transfer to show?
My app is showing a payment that I know I did not do. Can you please cancel that transaction and credit my account please?
lower the lights in the living room
when was my last maintenance on my car in the shop
can you recommend good stores in this area
What's the normal time frame for a transfer from a UK account? After just making a transfer it doesn't appear at all. I need to know if things went okay.
book me a uber for tomorrow night at six pm
please make sure your command was correct because it doesn't sound right.
Do I need to wear a coat?
Can I order a new card to China?
can you tell me whats on my shopping list
Reply the email of Charles with just thank you, right now
how much money can i transfer today
tell me summary forecast microsoft stock forecast to thirty days ahead
answer email
PDA please check my reminders
how come i can't find anywhere to load using cash
weather on tuesday
what's a good place to go to for food around here
time zone in france
open fm
is there a carry on weight limit
add a doctor's appointment to my calendar for friday
anything going on in los angeles
let me know how much gas i have
what is the exact due date for my mortgage payment
Set up recurring date on my calendar
How long does an item I bought show as pending?
Can I use my apple watch to top up?
What is the distance to the grand canyon.
what's your age alexa
what was the stock price for google yesterday
please reserve a meeting room for 1:00 pm on tuesday
I received the wrong amount of cash from the ATM. Can you help?
Help! I'm missing money, I deposited a cheque but its not showing on my balance.
What is the meaning of a stethoscope?
When will the $1 transaction be credited to me?
How do I return something for a full refund?
i want you to call me bailey
what's my next alarm
please confirm that opening a new account can decrease your credit score
what's the temperature like in tampa
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary go through?
Make a post.
Which day is march 24th?
I have lost my phone, what steps can I take to prevent someone using my account?
please tell me if my application for the hsbc card has gone through yet
remove apple from list
the exchange rate for my withdrawal is wrong
What is my wife's e-mail?
What do you need for the identity verification
I requested for a top-up but it has not reflected
How long do transfers from Europe take?
lower the volume please
My contactless payments have not been completed successfully.
could you please shut down.
how many bones does a human body have
My transfer was declined. Why did this happen?
Add ketchup to the list
remember what i think about this song
Please give me all updates on the election.
WHO WILL WIN THIS PRESIDENTAL ELECTION?
i tried to withdraw money from an atm and i was declined on front of my friends. Why did this happen?
my car battery died and i need help
is there any rains predicted for bangalore today
where can I use this word
check emails from gary for last hour
Post a Facebook status: Engaged!
How many kilograms is 210lbs
I haven't been able to complete any transactions on my card today. Do you know what's wrong?
please activate my vacuum to clean the living room
What are my current alerts?
favourite podcast
display my list
how long does it take to get to orlando by bus
how long does it take to prepare a lasagna
How do I get from where I'm at to Universal in Orlando Florida
What type of music do I normally rate highly?
anything.
can you schedule a meeting with steve at the office
How can I get my card out of the ATM?
what is the most convenient hour to catch a train to york on Saturday
how is traffic nearest the ben franklin bridge philadelphia heading to the new jersey turnpike
is flight dl123 going to arrive on time
What is the definition of plethora?
i'll talk to you later ai
how is shell s stock doing today
I still haven't seen a refund on my account
do you know how much i pay in taxes
What are the names of the lists that I have created?
i have been spending a lot on insurance lately
My top up is giving me problems. What is wrong with it?
remove grocery list please
Have Bing's stocks dropped?
i would like to hear the last utterance said again.
that’s incorrect
I topped up but it isn't in my account
switch off light
what sites are there to see when in evans
When is my next dentist appointment?
where can i find wells fargo's routing number
badminton
show stage shows near me
Volume louder softer
give me the stock price of intel
what did i put on my list of reminders
please put a hold on my retirement account right now
Will you charge me more if I use a European bank card for a top up?
at ac, what's the temperature like
What's the current time in New York?
play lupe fiasco
what's your favorite hobby
can you shut up.
I tried to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared!
what do i need to make spaghetti
will i be permitted to take my vacation
I am unsuccessfully trying to make a transfer can you help?
increase the light a little
refresh to factory defaults
speak it one more again please.
What can I do if my passcode won't work?
My card activation attempt failed.
change over to whisper mode
Tell me what movie was the winner of last year's Academy Award for Best Picture.
should i regard you as a human or as a computer
What is the currency exchange fee?
What should I do if I think someone is using my card without my permission?
why hasn't my virtual card come yet?
weather of chicago
Can you play the next podcast
start over the book Legacy
I'm cancelling this charge. I still have not received what I bought from these people a while ago.
what is time now in california
what is the date that my visa card expires
what is my car's tire pressure
yeah fantastic response to the command.
in september i changed my tires are they in need of changing
Remove alarm of 6 AM on Tuesday.
Is there something wrong with the ATM? It would not let me pull cash out of my account.
phone call secretary
Send email to new email address
what is the estimated travel time for the train ride to orlando
get train ticket
tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
yes command is great.
How do I add my card to the app once I get it?
How many times has Adel gone diamond?
i would like to hear the statement you just said again.
Someone stole my cards!
Play songs from the R&B and soul genre
turn off the lights in the bedroom
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
brighten living room lights
turn off my alarm
PDA, Play the station 102.4 the buzz
s2, this was not so clear.
what's going on facebook
kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
Am I charged a fee to transfer funds?
I want to book a train ticket
give me some ideas of what to do during my trip to dallas
lets hear it from fm ninety six point five
What do I need to do to verify my funds?
show me what i asked to see.
inform about latest scheduled events near my location
What countries are you issuing cards for?
i'd like my 401k to be rolled over
will it be nice at the beach on friday
I was charged a hidden fee when I paid with card.
Is there a money transfer fee?
turn on the tunes
send me notice of meeting wednesday nine am
please tell me a joke
show me yesterdays weather
I need to exchange my GBP to AUD, how would I do this?
Who can top up my accounts?
i need to see if i got any new email
show me my alarms i have set
start cappuccino for me now
make an order for noodles one pack make it as takeaway order
i think you had this wrong.
i need an uber for 6 people to the movies
is it colder than yesterday
The expiration date on my card is very soon, and I need to get a new one.  What are the price and delivery options for my replacement card?
I forgot my code
when do i need you change my oil
hey i like music by sigur ros
where can i satisfy my craving for french food in milwaukee
weather for remchi city
this weekend what events are going on in seattle
Can you tell me what is wrong ? I top-up with you all the time but this time it just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
Order me n Uber ride please.
open radia
I have obtained the salary in GBP, will it need to be configured?
will you please check what just said.
list nearby shops
wouldn't bother.
save the last radio stations of the last month
would like to know the description of abject A.
will you please play the next episode of podcast
delete list
Can you please explain why my beneficiary is not allowed?
I dont want this list anymore.
Call Eastwind and order lomaine to go.
remove that event from list
Who is the governor of New York?
Give me the description of a Laptop circuit
set a timer at five am seven days a week
that does not matter for me, olly.
is there any pending reminder today
what do i have going on for 12/03/2019
do i have new emails from john
are there any problems with my bank account
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with my card?
add this email to my contacts
How long does a transfer stay pending?
do you know if vacation got approved
please update me the traffic status
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
Remove all events from calendar.
tell me when my next doctors appointment is
i need you to have the volume louder
what is the month that my card is set to expire in
who would you say that you are employed by
cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at eight am
play a news radio station
Is there any reason my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
what are my insurance assets
Where is the best mechanic in Eagle Point?
what's on the reminder list
What will happen after my card expires?
what is the number of my credit score
say that once more.
This card payment isn't is recognition.
i want to know when i was last paid
when do i get paid for my work
thank you very much for your answer.
My account shows up as pending after I received cash from the ATM earlier.  How can this be still pending? I've got the cash already.
Play episode 10 in the podcast
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
Which ATMs accept this card?
give me some awesome travel destinations
i have a card that was lost i need to report
set a reminder alert for saturday nine am towards payment of electricity bill
jlo fan updates
Tell me a good doctor joke.
I need assistance completing a transfer. I'm trying to purchase a flat and need the money for the initial mortgage payment. I keep getting an error and the transfer is not going through. What is going on here?
when is the soonest holiday
I like 70s music.
Set event on repeat
terminate the account
Should I wear sandals?
i need a train ticket
i'd like to report my card as damaged, it's bent
calculate how much i earn from my job
tell me the news about the current secenorio in chennai
how to cook yellow rice
Can I get a few more physical cards?
what's the weather in toronto today
tell me once again please.
have i received any emails from beth
when can i get oil changed
My identity has been stolen. I still have my physical card but there are charges I didn't make on my account. How do I cancel this card or dispute the charges?
will you check and confirm command please.
whisper from now on
what's the name of this song
thanks but i think you didn't get this correctly.
Is there a way to use a cheque to top up my account?
email my mom
what time is my domino's order expected to arrive
Will I be charged for a cash withdrawal?
Talk me through modifying my details.
I need the lights raised,  can you do that Olly?
tell me the trains from california to new jersey after eleven pm
i'm traveling to fresnosoon and want to inform my bank
Was my top up reversed?
turn off the wemo plug
tell me the month that my credit card will expire
Set alarm for tomorrow at 2 pm.
Alexa, play music relating to the music I listened to this morning.
how old will you be this year
Resume a song from the audiobook by Madonna
what is a work phone number of emilia
i am really craving for chinese food right now please let me order take out
A refund is taking too long.
Is there email id of John in the list.
do my tires need to be changed
tell me the music that is playing
sorry but that's not right answer.
it it possible to take pto from the 8th to the 11th
are there any meetings set for next wednesday
add everything to my shopping cart
what is left for today
list entry
How do I deal with a stolen card?
play my mash up
it is unimportant for me, olly.
Your card pin can be changed at any Visa or MasterCard ATM with Pin services, excluding countries such as Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria, Germany, Spain, and France.
send email to Chris with following content
tell me when today's meeting is supposed to happen
i'm going to need a coupe car in sedona from 5/1 until 5/4
when is easter in the year two thousand and eighteen
announce a comment in facebook
when did beyonce and jay z get married
i need you to text someone for me
Angelina Jolie spouses
i need to increase my credit limit
Why am I not able to get cash from the ATM?
can you tell me tomorrow's date
Are there any alarms set? What are they?
Can you please explain why the exchange rate for the item I bought is wrong?
I moved and need to change my address.
excellent response to command.
please make a phone call to christopher
what's the title of this tune
Why was I charged more than I should have been?
Tell me time of alarm you set
open calendar and make an event reminder
would you please cancel the reservations for dinner
what do you put in a tibetan omelette
change the song to the next one
i replaced my tires yesterday, when should i get new ones
Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey
can you explain to me how to rollover my 401k
play the circle
how would you like me to call you
play the song called blood brothers
make saound function operate in whisper mode
i'd like you to confirm that please.
the location of my phone is unknown to me
Today's forecast.
forget my previous command
How heavy is traffic now in denver.
Why would there be an extra charge on my app?
start robot vacuum
does mr t have a family
Rate this song to the maximum.
i am sorry but you don't understand me.
I think the rate that was applied to my purchase using foreign currency is wrong. Help!
tell me where my gas tank is
get rid of the first three events in my calendar
i would like you put in a pto request for the dates july 4th to the 8th
Rewind audiobook by 30 seconds
Olly recommend an event happening in my area.
Please tell me how the exchange rate is determined. I was expecting more money for the transaction.
The amount of time that transfers usually take from a UK account is what?I just completed a transfer and it is not showing up at all. I'm wondering at this point if everything is actually okay.
i would like to thank you ai
would you unsync the phone now please
so where do you come from originally
is there a chance of snow wednesday?
can you read me my list of reminders
Why does my transfer keep generating an error message?
How much longer is it going to take to get my new card?
pull up the songs under slow
Do I have any events today
submit the order for everything on my shopping list
retry the instruction spoke please.
Do I have to do an identity check?
Why was the price higher when I paid with my card?
My top-up for Google Pay isn't working
I'm waiting for a transfer from the US, how much longer?
tell artist and title of this song
create a list of jewels to be bought
brightness ninety percent
please make a pto request for me from dates jan 21 to begininning of february
How will I know my pin number?
what is the current time in california
book a ticket for the ethan allen express to vermont
How do I pay by check?
this weeks weather forecast
make a list of numbers for me
um, i'm not actually sure
I sent payment with EU transfer and they still haven't received it. How long does it take?
I have 1 other US card.  Can you take that?
post to facebook at the spa yay with a smiley face emoticon
what are the size limits regarding-carry on bags
I deposited cash into my account and I'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
do i need to protect myself with some shots for a trip to vietnam
Who accepts this card?
What is the reminder when 521 is divided by 3?
I just lost my wallet and I see that they are already withdrawing money from my account. How can I stop this?
sound cloud
add a wrist watch to the shopping list
when was frank sinatra born
make a coffee
meaning
I will need to get a new card soon, how do I order?
There's a card payment I didn't make
Is there any new information regarding the Mexican-American border wall?
What is today's weather forecast?
can you start the vacuum
Please tell me where the fair is going to be this year.
I would like to receive my salary in a different currency. How does that work?
Is there a limit to how many transactions I can make on one disposable card?
What is the current mountain time
If I transfer money from my bank to top-up my account will I be charged?
Olly, play anything in my recent playlist.
read my reminder list
where can i find routing number for pnc
tell me what you believe my name to be
when is sunset
please do not answer
cancel my reservation for dinner tonight, please
has it been a busy day
what will be the date tomorrow
that is not right
please show my list
what do i have left to do on my to-do list
what time is it in fredericksburg, tx
Play playlist 1
set the living room lights to fifty percent
I just topped off my card will I be charged for it?
the lists of my reminders is what
set up a new pin number on my college fund account and make it be 1234
How many days does a regular transaction take to complete?  I see a pending payment that hasn't changed in the last several days.
whats the max i can spend on my visa
i want you to address me in italian
I tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30. Where is the rest of my money?
near pizza shops
event remove
what are the news stories on the cnn website
how do i obtain the cash for the rewards on my hy-vee card
read my calendar events
will you start a timer for me
I'm trying to verify my top up card, how do I do that?
Has Sally Fields ever won an Academy Award?
that's good one, olly.
are you real or fake
what is the shipping wait for my card
new friends request details
Why does is payment not going through? Did my account get frozen or some other issue I don't know about. What can I do to fix this problem?
that's good one, thank you very much.
book me a train ride
play jingle bells next
What are the upcoming reminders?
i can't understand the language you are responding in; i need you to switch it
How can you transfer my salary to my correct currency?
don't sync with my phone
tweet to ikea costumer service the following i'm not happy with this new klm product
set a reminder for me to request time off
What is the refund procedure?
will you please elaborate me further on this.
hmm, i did not ask for this response.
I need to dispute a direct debit.
what can i call you
anything is ok with me.
Olly how do I start making Lobster Bisque
will you play music for me/
I need to know if you will accept my credit card.
add paper towels to the grocery list
i need to let my bank know i am traveling to chicago
My new card has arrived, what's the activation procedure?
can you move to the next song
I see non-received cash in my app.
how soon can i expect a replacement card for my lost card to arrive
remove noodles from the list
I need to verify the source of funds.
what song is on the radio
well hello
convert one kilo to pound
hey olly my the lights a little warmer
i wonder if you can explain the meaning of life
i didn't get your response.
I just have one additional card from the USA. Do you support that?
how long will i stand in line at carl jr's
How do I go about getting hold of a virtual card?
what time is alarm set for
Why am I getting charged more for using my card?
skip forward
Is it possible to get a Visa here?
please advise what the current news is on fox news
how soon until the next holiday
whats the pressure like in my tires
Where can I locate my card PIN?
What should I do if my physical card isn't working?
please set the alarm
Please show me the local weather
can you tell me when you were born
Open radio and play news in rainbow station
you've got your understanding correcly.
What I topped up was reverted by the app.
Is there a limit for top ups?
help me to understand why the seasons change
does fridays do takeaway
what do people say about village inn
Remind me about my meeting an hour before it begins.
You can activate your card in a few seconds by going to account, hitting activate, and just following the directions.
can you create new list for me
notify me about all meetings tomorrow
am i on vacation this week
can you tell me your favorite color?
Please list what fiat currencies are supported for both holding and exchanging.
can i see my credit score
please increase volume in music player
Is it true that Asia has only two countries?
Make me a coffee
please tell me how much i have spent recently
please tell me the status of my last online order from walmart
walk me through changing the oil on a tesla
hayathis daughter baby shower
you must skip this song and play the next one
which types of questions can i ask you
I can't find my phone; what can I do to prevent someone from accessing my account on it?
I want to delete my account. How do I do this?
is it true the hanging tree really had someone hung from it
start over please.
can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at three pm time every week day
Where did the money transfer go?
change color of lights
could you list out the information on book fairs in washington dc for next week
Switch on the roomba.
I just sent money but the person I sent it to doesn't see it. What happened?
what kinds of questions can i ask you
When will my transfer arrive from Europe?
what is my savings balance
i am not clear about your answers.
send over 50 dollars between my shared and not shared accounts
What is the highest rated movie this week
that must be some mistakes.
What is the fee to top-up my account
what are the latest photos on my instagram account
pls increase the volume
i want to transfer funds between accounts
set the time zone to g. m. t.
call an uber for 2 people to go to fourth street live
I have a charge for something I didn't buy.
How old does my daughter have to be to open an account?
The money disappeared when I tried to use my card to top up.
should i go to okinawa, does it require an international visa
thanks but i think that's not the right command.
quiet time
how about i call you sue
I did a payment but the app reverted it
I am having some difficulty verifying my id.
Is it possible for friends to top up my account?
do you know the definition of school
Show chicken tikka recipe
Payment I didn't do.
How long will my transfer stay pending?
my card did not work yesterday
call me a taxi to the airport at five am
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
I'd like to use my American Express to place money into my account.
There are two of the same charges on my account.
send email to <unk>
Is there a fee for a SEPA transfer
i'd like to hear that message spoken again.
make a cup of coffee for me
when will my order be delivered
can i call you arnold instead
remove the event from monday
would not know.
can you empty my calendar
olly shut down.
what time i am waking up tomorrow
yes it's right.
yeap you did that perfectly.
times clapping sound times
What do you need for the identity verification
how many days have i taken off
is the largest ocean in the world the pacific
play true love next
i need an 8 o'clock reservation at pizza hut for the last name mercury
does black rock take reservations
why isnt my account allowing transfers
speak as a british male
delete the next event in the calendar
play the the sweet song on radio
how do i roll over my 401k
what is the total amount due on my electricity bill
correct spelling for aaron
what have i spent things on
mute volume now
Why was I charged an extra fee when using an ATM?
How do I dispute a direct debit that I didn't do?
I have a service fee that I've never seen before. It showed up after I bought something from an international seller online.
increase the volume a bit
will you say again please.
i believe there are fraudulent charges on my card how can i report them
free home delivery
I don't remember my passcode?
I accidentally made a transaction to the wrong account.
how does merriam webster define ultra
What if I need to use GBP instead of USD?
i want the light to be switched off
how much australian dollars one can buy for one pound sterling
Can I give a second card to my daughter?
turn off all the lights in the living room and den
anything unique to do in the city today
What is the meaning of the word sanctimonious?
I had the wrong exchange rate applied to some cash I got abroad.
try the last message one more time please.
I think that my card has been stolen!
I wanted to use my contactless at the metro today but it didn't accept it!
I would like to reactivate a card and wondered if that could be done?
When will I see my new balance after making my bank transfer?
tell me the timezone for california
I need to deposit my virtual card, how do i do that.
Am I able to use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
tell me about the weather today
alexa make an event reminder for monas wedding on tuesday
create calendar event with ____
What time is the earliest train to Glasgow?
i think there has been a fraud on my black visa card, can i report it
Is there a limit to how many transactions I can make on one disposable card?
i'm outta here!
you gave me wrong information.
can i start talking to you in french
can you tell me all the reminders i have set on my reminder list
tell me the name of my insurance plan
How to edit personal details?
How has your day been today?
when for i meet jane for our meeting
what is the city mpg on this car
social media updates
tell me a joke about birds
i want more light
I don't think I made this transaction on my statement
how long does pizza take to cook
I've been trying to transfer funds to top-up my card, but the transaction is not going through.  Is there something I'm doing wrong?
amazon deals
PDA can you tell me if my guitar is in tune what I play it?
tell me the kind of fuel that my vehicle operates on
Tell me when the Hockey Game tickets are for
todays date
The app made a mistake and said I made a cash withdrawal.
Don't let me forget tomorrow's meeting with Sheila.
what was my last transaction
i need directions to lowes in mount h nj
can you turn the volume to 4
it's coffee time
ah it's awesome, olly.
Do I need to bring sunscreen with me today?
Do I get charged if i am getting money?
I made a money transaction but the recipient can't see it
I'd like to cancel a transfer
will you tell me again please.
PDA, do I have any emails from John in the last week?
what cards and currencies are accepted?
on 3rd april we will go to watch jolly llb movie set it
can you flip a coin once
how does one say wonderful in german
could you please check and confirm the detail.
My money I added isn't on my card.
i need an alarm to go off tomorrow at five fifteen
can you book a train ticket for my father
I want to know about your refund policy.
do my tires seem too low on air
turn on the geyser
i'd like to know my bank balance please
make an alarm for 4pm
Do you offer account's for minors?
set my alarm for time
I got a €1 extra fee in my statement
do i need a jacket today
Read me the newest article on the new solar system.
Tell me the weather.
yeah amazing response.
How long does a bank transfer take to show up in available funds?
Does MIley Cryus have any siblings?
A transaction I did to my friend hasn't arrived yet, why?
did you change the wallpaper
what is the current eastern time
am i able to increase the limit on my visa card
set lights to full power
remove the alarm for tomorrow
would you please further clarify me on your words.
what is the difference between roman and grigorean calendar
i want to report fraudulent activity on my capital one
checkout today set alarm of ten am
change light colors from blue to white
i'd like to hear that sentence spoke again.
can you give me a meal suggestion for swedish cuisine
How would I go about getting a physical card to use in stores?
what is your name by chance
Will any business take this card?
PDA, I love zydeco jams.
how does 10 pounds convert to euros
do i overspend when it comes to fast food
I anticipate getting a Visa card
what's my current bank account total
How long will my transaction take?
whats the cars fuel mileage like
s1, please once again explain to me.
What is the length of time for one of these items to come to the U.S?
i decide to switch out of whisper mode
Does Monday's meeting at 8am include Chuck Ingerman?
can you help me locate my phone, please
I cannot make transactions with my virtual card.
What do you think I should have for breakfast?
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
yeap that was confirmed.
when does the train from kansas city to iowa leave
what kind of miles per gallon do i get while driving through a city
i entered my pin in wrong and got it frozen. how many tries do i have
I am seeing inside the App a some cash withdrawal that is not mine
Delete item
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
I'm having difficulties changing AUD for GBP. How do I do this?
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
change the lights to blue
when does my discover card expire
I am seeing and extra 1$ charged to my account and wanted to know about it.
hello, may i get your name
how do i change the account pin number for me
share some of your hobbies with me
will you shut down please.
no is the answer
please tell me a shop where i can find books to buy
look up a lamp
do i have any music by lady antebellum
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
I think someone has hacked my card!
Is the year 2018 a leap year?
my next paycheck is available when
what do i have scheduled on july seventh
Are the delivery days flexible?  My schedule only allows me to be a available on specific dates.
I just saw a charge for a cash withdrawal that I made! ATM withdrawals have always been free in the past, so why is there suddenly a charge? What is it going to cost me now?
do i need new tires if i just got them replaced on january 2017
why isnt my cash withdrawal showing
s2, i did not catch that.
Can I cancel a transfer I made
does cnn have any breaking news
what is 2 inches in meters
Tell me what the weather is doing in Grand Rapids, MI right now.
In classical music, are there ever any singers?
Can I use my American Express to add money to my account?
how ya doin
can you find me a recipe for pie
i can't hear you, stop whispering!
phone is at a hotel, can i still use app
terminate my account please
HI,Accordingly you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be working? Money just disappeared from my account.What should be done now?
do you speak english
no, that is a falsehood
stop repeating this song
what's the nutritional info for a loaf of bread
Can you tell me how many currencies I can hold?
i want you check the last thing i said please.
please measure my tire pressure
What time is it in England?
how many birthday's are on twenty third
Why was my cash withdrawal given the wrong exchange rate?
note this event to my calender
s1, please would you clarify me more on this.
what's the sum of the two numbers four and six
What are the steps to activating a new card?
for this car what kind of fuel does it take
appreciate your help.
For some reason, I'm unable to transfer funds.
make new list
i've used how much pto so far
i jot got hired and need help with my retirement account
that's not right
book 3 under the name zebee at xenophobe
economy
what did you just say.
My transfer still says pending
could you clarify me more on what you have said please.
Tweet for me the complaint about potholes on road
what time does the train leave for chicago
how long should i fry an egg for
delete my dinner tomorrow
I am being charged the wrong amount on my card.
would not really care, olly.
Search for a train ticket to...
Do you have the train times for Beaumont, Tx ?
are ned's reviews good
What is the maximum number of transactions that I can put on a disposable card?
What items did I plan to buy?
what is on this specific list
Jump to 8:20
I think my card was stolen.
well done, thank you.
Can I use this all over the world?
event remove
Are there ways for other people to send me money?
olly that's enough, stop it.
switch from blue to yellow lights
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
reserve a car rental for denver colorado for a ford between january 1st through 3rd
What do I need to know about topping up?
What is the minimum age to open an account?
send me the last list uploaded
Turn off the smart plug
speed up your talking please
tell me my car's fuel economy
play latest reason podcast
what amount of time does it take for a transfer to reflect and be available
olly, look up beyonce wikipedia
roll the five sided die
s1, rephrase what you've just said further to me.
PDA book my next free day in the calender for me to get a haircut at Sally's.
please check that.
check if any alarm is there after five am
How can I dispute a direct debit transaction?
can you set an alarm for me
please help me find my lost phone
Send me an alert and hour before my next appointment.
it is helpful,, olly.
Give me the WSJ news
turn on the local radio
i want to listen to treasure island by robert louis stevenson
what do you get when you multiply sixteen by nine
how do i find out about transfers
clear all events in calender for March
What is the closest ATM?
turn up volume
bring up my agenda
tell me the list about
What's the top-up limit?
I'd like to delete my account.
how many alarms have i set
What is the weather like today?
PDA wemo plug socket on
My all time favorite song is something like this from chain smokers
I am still waiting on my card?
strongly agree.
I need the times for the South bound train on Allison RD
How do you think the world ends?
Actor who acts a role
Why was I charged $1 in a transaction?
Move to next section
Which song is that?
3pm meeting tomorrow. Remind me 4 hours prior to that meeting.
set an alarm for this eight hundred pm this evening
could you connect to my phone, please
how many uses are the disposable cards good for?
tell me why my card didn't work yesterday
why do your exchange rates change
could you help with booking a car rental for me in seattle
what's the best way to cook pasta
What is the population of Los Angeles?
i would like to get a new insurance plan
search X in contacts
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
I am trying to find out how to exchange currency X with currency Y.
wake me up at seven am
open album name
what transactions did i make on electronics this morning after 6am
I made an out of country transfer and it hasn't went through yet.
pull up peking garden online
what are some ways to raise my credit score
places to order takeaway food
Yes, I want to know latest news updates.
How do I unblock my card using the app?
resume playing the miniaturist
Can I get information on the identity checks?
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at 5
nice job, you have done well, olly.
Go to nytimes.com
which day this week do i have plans
yeah amazing response.
I want to listen Irene
Why were there additional charges when transferring?
What is exchance for the US and Euro
s2, i am not so clear about last sentence.
how can i change to new insurance plan
start making a coffee
i'm looking for a roundtrip flight from fwa to hsv for march first to march fifth
May I get one of your cards?  I live in the EU.
is event on my calendar
Set an alarm for Thursday at 7 PM.
thanks for talking
what's the rate between pesos and yen
I was double charged, and the second charge is showing as "pending". How long will it be before I get my money back once the second charge has been refunded?
what's my tires current air pressure
What's Leon's email?
Television
create a new list for school supplies
movies making money
Add remember to call Mom to my reminders.
What's an interesting fact not many people know?
what is the home phone number of mark
search for trains leaving tonight for london
How many currencies can I have money in in my account?
The contactless I have won't work.
what is the definition of incomprehensible
i need the exchange rate for the us dollar and the euro
I received my new card, but I don't see it in the app anywhere.  What do I do?
What is time now in Japan compared to USA.
how do you address me
you can call me james
Do I have to top up in euros if I use a card, or can I use a different currency?
can i pick up my large order at pizza hut
submit a request for pto for the dates may 5th to the 12th
my day was so busy
I performed a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it has not gone through? Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
can you tell me if you have any pets
I want you to delete my shopping list from last month
let me know when i'm going to be paid
play my most played songs
Can someone in the US have a card?
Where will I get my card?
i wanna know my bank balance
latest news on terrorism
i am needing to get a flight out of el paso to dallas on march 10 for under $300
I ordered a card but it has not arrived. Help please!
I need to order a  new card, mine is about to expire and I need to know how much it will cost and how long until I receive it.
figure out for me when i ought to change my tires next
do remove next event from the calendar
please make me wake up at four am tomorrow
dont allow any action on my account
will you remind me to go to hockey class every Sunday afternoon?
shut up
how many days can i take for vacation
Read me the content of this list
i need gas so what should i get
Clock time
Is there a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
Google search the topic
i am happy
Set my alarm for <insert time>
begin a new list
How can I check to see if my top-up worked?
I was double charged
add rebecca green to my list of favorite contacts
How do I find the code needed in order to verify my top-up card?
Can my card be used everywhere?
It appears my card expires next month, can I order a new one?
list phone and email id of robert
what is the date of my next scheduled dentist appointment
activate the robot vacuum
please do not talk for thirty minutes
this is a good tune please notate file accordingly
a volume of 4 is ideal please
please increase the volume
give me the time at washington right now
power on wemo
what was the date when i last go paid
where is your birth place
I noticed the currency exchange rate was incorrect after paying for something in a foreign country.
How many birthday's are on 23rd.
Can I have a spare card for this account please?
Where is the transfer I started?
Why hasn't my money transfer showed up yet?
i want you to remove this event
how much are my cable and water bills
Why haven't I seen the cash from the cheque I deposited yet?
What is the verification process used for?
thanks, that's nice one, olly.
A withdrawal is showing that I don't recognize
cross out bread from shopping list
I need to make several disposable cards per day.
Can this app help me exchange currencies?
why is my luggage not here
i wish to have a 10 minute timer
Open facebook messenger
my account has a fraudulent transaction i think
please turn off any lights that are still on
"which things are wanted to remember
email tom the date and time of tomorrow's meeting
why are all my identity details required
yeap amazing response to the command.
please change the volume low of the speakers
Why didn't my balance update after my cash or checque deposit?
you have done that perfectly.
Check to see if my mom sent me any emails.
Can I use this app to change money?
what goes into chicken noodle casserole
can you find animal crossing
please add this song to my playlist favorites
can you make a phone call to mark
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
The hotel called and said I left my phone in the room.
why wouldnt the atm give me money
i need to block all transactions from going through on my citi checking account straight away
Causes of top-up cancellation
please open my fm radio and play nine hundred and eighty seven
which bus should i take to get to the statue of liberty
Where is my money transfer?
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in russia
play next episode of harry potter by j. k. rowling
I'd like more information about choosing a Visa or Mastercard.
Why was I not able to complete a transfer?
what kind of petrol goes in the tank
you are how old
How do I show this stupid system that this is really my identity?
Is there any chances of rain this week.
I want a refund for my item
turn up the lights please
please turn on the music i want to hear my favorites songs
Play 46&2 by Tool
How do I view the card I received in the app?
Obama.
Where is Morocco located?
what is the best movie to watch this weekend
Tell me about the meeting this week
do you know any trivia about ostriches
Open new emails
What time do I need to be at the train station for my ride to Austin, TX?
I need to make a transfer, what will the fee be?
how many countries?
Please read any e-mails from the yesterday aloud.
Why am I not allowed to transfer money to my cryptocurrency exchange?
play me john's podcast
i want to know how is my credit card application going
please send the email to abc@gmail dot com instead of xyz@gmail dot com
from now, your new name will be lord vader
delete lunch with steve on friday please
check instagram
next one please
i'm wanting you to flip a coin
is "cleaning the bathroom" an item on my todo list
My account was charged twice for one purchase
can you please rephrase more on what you have said.
Please tweet @Nike my pants ripped after the first wash #nothappy
save the information which is provided by aman on this song
Can we talk about sex?
My card is stuck in an ATM machine, how do I get it back quickly?
i would like to make a post on times twitter
what type of music do i enjoy
I was charged for using my card?
Where would I order a virtual card?
what does anachronistic mean
If it is four pm in Missouri, what time is it in London?
What age do I have to be?
i go by stefan
can you speak quieter please
How much are train tickets to Vegas?
remove the list please
I was under the impression I can make transfers for free. I made an online purchase for something that was obroad and there's some additional strange fee. I've never seen this before and this isn't fair.
have i received any mentions on twitter
s2, i am unclear about your answer.
enable wemo
i'd like to hear the last spoken again.
will I need a raincoat when I go to glasgow on sunday
My PIN isn't working.
Why was my atm withdrawl declined
Who is the singer of song?
How come I can't take money out of the ATM?
Search for a better price on a new pair of glasses.
I'm at the ATM right now and it only allowed me to withdraw 10 pounds instead of my requested 30. What's going on? How can I fix this?
Do I have any events happening next week?
I got less than what i asked for in the ATM, why?
where were you made
reply to last email, say 'sorry cannot make it'
would not really care.
search for trains leaving tonight for london
This isn't fair! I thought transfers could be made for free. I just made  a purchase online from abroad and now see some strange fee that I've never seen before.
Please advise what the current news is on Fox News?
what is needed to make lasagna
send 'will do. thanks' to john as a reply to his last message
Are there restrictions for my disposable card since it does not seem to be working?
Play the last podcast I listened to.
Alter the color of the lights at home.
google the steps for preparing the dish
Can you please refund my item?
what is the time in new york
What do I need in regards to identification?
Can I put my old card back into the system? I just found it/
will i be charged if i use the card in italy
really do not mind, olly.
check travel alerts for kenya
what is the home phone number for sarah
i saw a bulldog today
What time is my next appointment?
remove alarm of six am on tuesday
i want volume at 4
where in the app can i find out about my new pin
I'd rather not use my physical card, how can I get a virtual card?
I can barely hear you Olly
are there any travel alerts in that region
that's not what i just said.
write a tweet to <unk>
i didn't get your response.
Can you tell me how long it takes for a new card to come?
latest news feed from facebook
please tell me if a coin flip lands on heads or tails
Can I possibly change my currency to another?
play song over the rainbow
Why am I being charged for getting cash?
What is the current time in our home town?
I think there has been a mistake on my exchange rate for this purchase.
is milk one of my shopping list items
help me get a meeting set up
what is on event calendar for today
How long does it take for a transfer to finish pending?
its raining.
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple days already that doesn't seem to move
erase my next event
can we get a direct deposit
you have made some mistake.
too private
can you make me some coffee
My card is being declined for a purchase. I bought items before and the card worked. Do you know what the problem is?
Tell me why there is a fee for a card payment.
turn on the vacuum now
I was unable to make a transfer to another account.
How do I get unblocked?
I tried to top up with my card but it was declined. I was able to a couple days ago and it worked. Is something wrong? Can you check it for me please?
where is my 12pm meeting today happening?
I didn't receive my money earlier and it says the transaction is still in progress. Can you fix it?
what are the train times today
I'd like to provide my daughter with a card - could I get an additional card from my account to give her?
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please help me with this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
brighten the lamp next to the sofa
I am angry that I got charged for using my card.
what steps do i need to follow to jump start my car
how do you say goodbye in spanish
Repeat the music
My friend would like to send me money. What are the options available to them?
I'm quite confused as to what is going on. There is some odd extra pound charge on my statement in the app that's just listed as pending and doesn't go away since a couple days.
please roll twelve sided dice
discover card reporting fraud
Mastercard is my preferred company.
Start the poker game
set a consumer service complain
you've done the command right.
Why does a cash withdrawal show as pending?
Open note pad
Who charged me a fee for paying by card?
Why can't I use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account?
what do you like to be called
i need everything ordered on my shopping list
I have been travelling overseas and I need to change my PIN. Can you tell me how this is done?
can i make a change to my credit limit
what items did i plan to buy
vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
What have you been up to today?
Is there a way to track the new card you sent me?
how many pints are in 22 gallons
turn lights in the room off
is my bill due this week
I did a payment with my card but seem that didn't work, it's still listed as pending since a while ago. When does this actually go through?
I would like to track a card sent to me, how do I do that?
i need to set a timer
Why isn't my google top-up pay working?
how many alarms do i have set for morning hours between six and nine am
oh no, you did not understand what i meant.
find stock price for name
How do you do exchanges?
Is the weather supposed to be nice today, PDA?
turn cleaner robot on
can you tell me, what is the meaning of life
you have understood it perfectly.
Please specify any limitations that come along with disposable cards.
I've tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
how many sides are on a pentagon
I want to know the news form Miami Herald
i need to get up at seven am
please change time zone to india
set an alarm for 6 am tomorrow
please restart the handmaid's tale
please tell me to take my umbrella because it will be very hot today
When is the wedding scheduled.
Is there an additional charge to exchange currencies?
fantastic response to the command.
football scores.
Why was I charged for card payment?
How do I open an account for my children?
add five plus eighteen minus four please
check my email messages
What fiat currencies can I use for holding and exchanging?
How can I unlock my pin from too many tries?
I did not get the right amount of cash from the ATM.
how is the traffic in san francisco over the bay bridge
which is the next event coming up
Do I have any off days this week?
why can't my beneficiary make transactions?
what time is my plane supposed to arrive
i would like to receive updates about the stock market every day
get radio
I was out today looking forward to paying with my brand new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is pretty sad, what's going on?
is the pound up or down against the dollar
olly please shut down.
Will the UV Index be above 8 today?
please dim the lights in the bedrooms
Will there be any fees for top ups?
I have a reverted top up I made and wanted to know why it didn't go through.
what plug type should i use in england
You applied the wrong exchange rate while I was traveling outside the country.
Tell me about this week's weather.
remind me an email to my sister
i find rap music really enjoyable
What are your currency exchange fees?
are there any cooking classes nearby my area
can you define conservative politics
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
has mike sent me an email
change the lights to green
I just got my new card and tried using it and it was declined?
is the pressure in my tires optimal
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
that does not matter for me.
Set a reminder for this
traffic report
Play last song i downloaded
show me the nearest gas station
I need you to turn off the light of my bed room
Why was I charged multiple times for the same thing?
speak in a woman's voice
olly i want you stop.
what ingredients are in tortillas
how long are my top ups pending
The exchange rate is incorrect for my payment.
Why is there a charge for $1 on my account?
does olive garden have good reviews
Are there any alarms for today?
what would tomorrow's date be
how do you make sunny side up eggs
Is there any event marked on September 22
Order some takeaway food
mute
search for X
I am seeing a weird payment showing up that I know I did not make, how can I get it cancelled?
i'd like you confirm the question please.
Where Is the top up verification code found?
I need to close my account.  Your company is terrible!
news of the train wreck
what day of the month is next tuesday
Is Miley Cyrus married?
Set notifications on the current weather disasters in america.
Please skip two songs
it is useful, musch appreciated.
areas card is accpeted
can you tell me about the best tourist attractions in sweden
Create a list of jewels to be bought
games
is there a specific way to set up direct deposit
Does it cost to top up my card?
I have one of your cards already, how do I link it?
how is the traffic in florida
There seems to be a couple of payments listed in the app I know weren't made by me. Is there a possibility someone has access to my card? Can you find out what's going on?
if i have garlic from sunday is it still fine to use
Show me the date of today
Remind me an hour ahead of 4pm that the happy hour for marlows on colonial is from 5-6
later
Keep playing War and Peace.
remove my date with liz from my calendar on april 1st
i have no idea, olly.
hey olly make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
what are the best restaurants open tonight
yesterday what did i spend on lunch
get me an uber please
would being late hurt my credit
What is the home city of the Bolshoi theatre?
New emails, received in past hour
There is a withdrawal that isn't mind in the app.
what time is the evening meeting i have with john
call pf chang's to order me egg foo young
How much does it cost to get a new card?  Mine is almost expired.  How fast does it come?
do you have any animals
Hello, My money went through for my purchase but now I got contacted from the seller noting that they didn't receive it. Then the money was returned to my account and I'm not sure why this occurred. So if you can resolve this issue please.
will you please check and confirm it.
make an alarm for four pm
i am forever hip hop
add event
Do i have alarms set before  6 in the morning?
I've been waiting a while for my card, is there a way to know when it will arrive?
who is it u work for
what do i need to buy at the store
i need to know when i got latest paycheck
Alexa, which is the smallest island in the world?
how much is dollars american worth in yen
book a ticket for the evening train line
list remove
will maggianos in charlotte allow me to make a reservation
What is the time zone in Florida?
show me my credit score
I can't see anything
is it time for an oil change
how do you say i need coffee in dutch
open lyft
I have a payment I didnt make on my account
I did a transfer but it is still pending.
How do I modify my details?
what is the highest mountain in the world
look up when my flight is set to start boarding
Any new podcasts available yet?
What steps are taken to transfer money into my account?
continue playing my audiobook
What do I need to do to verify my identity?
Help me delete my account.  I am not satisfied with the service.
Why do you guys need to verify my identity?
please inform me on my current vacation request status
read my schedule
Why did I only get $20 when I tried to get $100
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME IS THERE ANY UPDATE IN WEATHER.
mention the time in canada now
can you translate good bye into russian for me
I can't see all the refunds in my statement
How do I go forth on holding money in multiple currencies?
does bellagio allow you to do reservations
At 11am tomorrow, remind me of my 3pm meeting.
go back to the original settings
google find out what health plan i am under
How can I add physical money to my card?
prepare the order as soon as possible
add clean the bathroom to my task list
go to upcoming song
places i can use the card
I have my card, when whill my PIN be available?
Why is the ATM not allowing me to get cash?
Start play FIFA 17
does the central timezone include austin
I was getting cash and the card got stuck inside
check all cab companies and get a time booked for three pm
where is the closest sweet frog
Why did I get a fee?
Tell me more about getting a virtual disposable card.
WHat are the measurements of a queen mattress
do i have to talk to someone to close an account or can i in the app
My card was stolen last night.
when is my food going to be here
How to verify top up card?
I am trying to make a transfer and am unsuccessful, can you please tell me why?
How can disposable cards be used?
I have a pending cash withdrawal
turn on one oh seven point five
which mechanic can check my check engine light
Do I get charged for a top up from a European bank?
that wasn't correct.
book a train ticket from here to charleston west virginia at eight am today
my capital one credit card was stolen
I was trying to top up my account and it isn't working
do i have to meet the dev squad to day
Current weather
delete last entry
switch the pin on my chase account
what ingredients are necessary to make spaghetti carbonara
Food
Is it possible to change my PIN?
can you assist me in locating my phone
make the lights a different color
well done, i appreciate it, olly.
My money is nowhere to be found? I talked up earlier and seen it. Now it has vanished. What is going on?
would you please check my last command.
what's my income from work
Disable the first alarm
Why was a charged a fee for using the card?
are you doing well
Send an email to Scott asking what the weather will be like this week.
How can I cancel a transfer?
I want to get rid of the account, and delete personal information .
siri what is dollars in yen
have the riots in france triggered any alerts for people traveling to there
i would like to know this song's title
book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow
can you find a recipe on how to make chow mein
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done ?
add eggs to list
What is the extra €1 on my statement for?
alter back to your orginal settings
There's a cash withdraw on my statement that I didn't make.
what items did i want to remember
My ATM transaction was unsuccessful.
When will my transfer post to my account?
what is the apr for the credit card
My top up doesn't work
How to a go about ordering a disposable virtual card?
yes.
Help is to be sent only to jane
are there any negative reviews for wendy's
remove my shopping list
tell me the exchange rate of ten dollar to euro
can you feel
what is the surcharge for using my card in italy while i visit
why is my account blocked
Cortana, it's dark in here
I made a withdrawal from my account but it has not posted?
Plesae let me know the current time at London
Olly delete my surprise event for Thursday.
i would like to know the bill's minimum payment
define my health benefits
It's too dark in here
i need la's time zone
can you mail more checkbooks to me please
What can I do to verify my identity?
I am waiting for a payment to go through.
what the highest likes on facebook
give me the definition of formidable
how long does it take to get my card i am in a rush
write a text to kim saying no
what is tomorrows events
Is there a maximum for top-ups?
Does byron's supports takeaways?
does olive garden have take out
dim the bedroom lights to half
whats the temperature outside
what do you do when you're not working
that is not true, it's false
A false direct debit payment is showing in my app
thanks but i think you have messed up with the command.
note any travel alerts for haiti
I thought I was going to get a virtual card but I haven't received it yet, how can we resolve this?
ai, give me the results of a coin flip
olly that is enough.
Tell me how to top up my account using bank transfer.
I would like to exchange currency  What types are there?
turn off all the lights
tell me when my car last had its oil changed
select shuffle all
search the contact
What meetings do i have next thursday?
Balance hasn't been updated following a bank transfer
Something is wrong with my payment account since it has been declined
Where can I view my PIN?
can you find me a recipe for coffee cakes
HOw much is STarbuck's stock these days?
anything else left on the list
Do we have Morgan's office's number?
Show me where I can find a train
How do I revert a transaction?
where are the best places to eat
do i have anything on my calendar for may 3
I think a card payment I made was cancelled, can you check?
When is the third Monday of this month?
How can I tell the source for my available funds?
i think this is not correct command.
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in eithiopia
thanks, that's helpful
skip forward
s2, don't get your words.
thanks for your response
please be silent until i tell you not to be
I think someone may have cloned my card or something.  My card isn't lost but I just saw a charge of $500 cash withdraw.  Can you help me?
help me report my lost mastercard
I need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
what is it like the temperature at ac
I'm attempting to top-up my account but it has been pending for an hour.
Britney Spears
Where can I find a virtual card?
how was the traffic now
Is it possible to change from USD to GBP with your App?
How do I use contactless payments?
transfer ninety dollars between glacier checking and farmers accounts, please
can i begin calling you dave
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.  I've never seen the name on the transaction before.
Is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
I need to cancel a transaction immediately.
outlet off
specifically, what pets do you own
hmm, this isn't what i wanted.
find john smith in contacts
i do not think that was correct.
Who emailed me recently and what did they email about?
open radio
Is there a discount for multiple currency exchanges?
Is my card accepted everywhere?
The ATM sucked my card in.
I cannot verify my identity
tell me the amount of calories in muffins
is this the correct area code for my boss
I saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was completed on my account; however, I did not complete it.
i need a taxi uber
Please block <insert time and date information> on my schedule
Hello,  I have recharged topup but account is not credited. Please help me in this, i guess there is some defect in system.
How can I get a refund for an item I purchased but has not yet arrived?
Que song Let it Burn
tell me about alarms
Is there a problem with receiving my salary in GBP?
What do I do if I have been charged twice?
Why was i charged for making a withdrawal? After i went grocery shopping i withdrew some money from my account and now there is another charge.
tell me a few facts about cats
are multiple currencies acceptable?
can you show me the popular posts from facebook today
Please tune in to FM 95.
switch off the lights
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
power down the plug socket 1.
thai food suggestions
play the radio band with sports commentary
I cannot try my PIN anymore.
The app doesn't think that I am myself
What stations are playing good music this morning?
How can I use my credit card to transfer money?
What are the train times to Chicago?
fix the driving route from here to grant market
Please remind me my favorite show is coming on at 1 pm.
when is the upcoming holiday
send email to newmail@gmail dot com
produce a new register
i want to order some takeout food
book a train for me
play the breakfast club
Hi I'm waiting for a refund for an item I bought. I have contacted the merchant directly but had nothing back. Can you tell me whether or not you are able to refund me for the item?
I needed to prepare for a meeting.
press play on the radio
how old were you on your most recent birthday
Olly, remove standup on Friday at 10am
can you tell me how to redeem my credit card points
How to I transfer my funds into my account?
what is the time difference between pacific and central
i am sorry but it was not the right command.
will you help me rent a car from march 2 to 6th in dallas i want a bmw suv, if possible
I am seeing unathorized transactions in the app, on my account.
whose song is this
Do you have any news from News provides
Are refunds allowed for certain items.
I don't know what's wrong with my card, but it has not worked at multiple places today.
find the minimum due on my peco energy bill for february
Check my inbox
i like it
where are you originally from before coming here
I transfered my balance a while back.  Why doesn't my account reflect this?
i would not mind, olly.
would you say you like dogs more or cats more
can you see if john has replied to my email yet
how many tablespoons are there in a cup
Make me happy juice
Do I need pants?
tell me the duration it takes to get a new cc
you can call me alan
what does idiosyncratic mean
that will be all.
lower the light to forty percent
My transfer was declined. What might the reason be?
s2, i could not catch up with you.
Do I have to bring umbrella for tonight party
what does my tire pressure look like
Can I find the cheapest train ticket for this destination?
recommend a romantic comedy in me area
Find the list you want to delete.
shit, you made a mistake, please correct this.
start playing dubstep
What is the time in the Pacific time zone at this very moment?
so what are my current gps coordinates
I got a message that I need to verify my identity; what do I do?
i don't really care.
how are the reviews for la loconda
Can I get a Visa card?
define the meaning of life
how fast can i get to target in trenton
Can I have my money refunded for an item
could you check last thing i said please.
Why is my cash still pending that I put in ATM?
play my latest podcast
Book ticket to depart in the morning.
just let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
tell me my health plan
What should I do if I see a payment I didn't make?
what's the song they are playing for us right now
help me in knowing the background of person X
I don't have a virtual card - how do I get one?
update me
Olly do I have an alarm set for tomorrow.
how much time off do i have left
could you please check the detail.
want to get a new card in china
please give me my last ten debit card transactions in the month of december
tell me my income
How many stray animals are saved every year?
open gallery post video name
please turn on factory settings
Why isn't the transfer to my account showing up?
Olly what's on my to-do list for today?
do you know the temperature of the ac
that's wonderful.
local area events?
what music is playing right now
can you delete all events from my calendar
Hi. I just withdrew cash from an ATM and received the wrong amount. However, my app shows the correct amount I withdrew. How do I get the rest of the cash?
I would like to cancel my purchase.
Is there any nearby ATM's?
thanks for the helping, olly.
recommend a movie which is released last Friday
i would like the house lights to be pink
what is four plus five
am i scheduled to meet with heather today
When I made a purchase last Saturday, I was charged extra. Did I receive the right exchange rate?
What times does the train run on Sundays in Beaumont, Tx?
Is there a reason my top up hasn't gone through
I need clarity on why my card is not working.
that's all, stop.
order food from applebees
The ATM wouldn't let me have my money.
let me hear some bluegrass music
what does the carry-on policy say for flights on united airlines
i need you to schedule an alarm
can you tell me what dirge means
i would like assistance moving money from one account to another
have i been sent my w-2 in my email
time to move some cash from one account to another
what day is it today
i want the time for another city outside us
stop it
I have a question about fee for cash withdraw.
that was not what i meant.
how do you say thank you in german
Why would my transfer be declined? I've checked that I've put in all the right details, but it is still declined.
Is it possible to obtain both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
olly, find a description about a samung tv
i want my credit limit changed
do i need new tires if i just got them replaced on january 2017
when can i expect my new card to get here
can you make me laugh
find me the nearest chinese for delivery
I think someone is using my card to make transactions I don't remember.
Will you set a limit to my top-up?
i would appreciate it if you could tell me the status of my southwest flight
How fast can I transfer something from China?
Look up for my email updates.
Hi, what kind of pictures you uploaded in Pinterest
Is there an age limit to get an account?
what's your age
what kind of lists do i have saved?
What is the highest amount I can top-up?
that would be awesome
can you get me a cup of coffee
Does it cost me to add cash?
Why hasn't my in country transfer gone through yet? I confirmed the account info a couple days ago but the payment hasn't been posted yet.
What's the transfer time from Europe?
Whats the max I can top up
how to direct deposit my paycheck
How do I go about changing my address?
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
please put africa by toto on my playlist
reply wishes to john by email
uhh no, i did not say that.
perfect job, you have done well.
I double checked that I have the correct account details , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. What should be done now?
How can I solve my issue with holding multiple currencies?
please see if chili's has delivery
How would I change my details?
could you speak up
are there ways for me to make my credit score better
Is there a problem that makes my payments show pending?
I am on vacation in Spain and need to change my pin.
Why was my PIN blocked?
what music is currently playing
What is the best hardware store near me?
i dont need light.
send an email to qerwerq@hotmail dot com
why didnt my account allow a transfer
What are my limits on disposable cards?
Meeting july calender
is the last order is ready
stopped by target to get a mug but my card declines
Someone else might be using my card without my permission.
I ordered a virtual card but it hasn't come through yet
check mails
bed room 2 darken
please shut up.
let me know the amount of vacation days i have used
I just had my card get declined at the ATM! I need to get money out but I am unable to.  Why has this happened?
The ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash today when I went to withdraw. The app says it was more.
My top-up does not seem to have worked, what  went wrong?
I'm really stuck. I don't know why but my card payment has not gone through.
What steps should I take before my card expires?
can you tell me my starbucks rewards balance
Can you describe a credit card?
There are duplicate transactions on my account
please be sure to put folding laundry on my to do list for me
Where is a good wine bar near me?
My card was eaten by the cash machine what do I do?
i want a train ticket to edinburgh
check if default alarm is set
Can exchanged be made to EUR?
Play the previous podcast.
what is my visa credit limit
what's the status of my gas tank
start vacuum cleaner now
can you increase the brightness in the room
I'm in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
what's the current location of my package
what date is my anniversary
Is there an extra fee for using an ATM?
how is it going
Add event: Baseball practice, 5pm tonight
what are my tax costs
what is 562 times 400
tell me the current weather for danville il
what is the balance on my bills
save this email in contact
all alarms
what kind of gas does my car need
how can i set up a direct deposit with my checking account
Remove the first alarm
I have been charged an extra pound!
can you tell me today's date
Can I use this app for any currency?
olly turn the volume up
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
how do you get your visa card rewards
send a tweet to tmobile for rude employees
do i need milk at the store
How old do my kids need to be to open an account?
How do you road lamb?
Is there a verification code for top-ups?
go to the event year and  delete
s1, please explain me more on your answers.
Is it normal to see a fee for transferring money?
My top-up has been cancelled.
How can I see the progress of delivery of the card that was sent?
how is it outside today
alexa who is bob dean?
How long does an international transfer take? I made the transfer from France 2 days ago, but it is not showing up in my bank yet.
Why was I charged a fee when I withdrew money?
play be warned by tech n9ne
What is the time in Zimbabwe right now
what's the current temperature outside
My currencies needed to be exchanged often and I was wondering if there were any discounts available for this?
turn up speakers
what ingredients do i need to bake a cake
please set alarm to my mobile phones
i would prefer to hear you speak like a british male
I would like to know why so much identity information is required?
Are there any charges for top ups?
I have been charged a pound for something that appears on my statement
play the most current episode of levin
play chess
Is it possible to order a card?
What different ways are there for someone to send me money?
what meal from italy do you suggest
yes you have got my instructions perfectly.
change the speaker volume to a louder one
Do you offer account services for children and teens?
Why doesn't my card work for any transactions?
speed up your speech
Am I able to use my American Express to add money to my account balance?
My new card just arrived, how can I activate it?
what is the root of 16
make the lights dimmer please
I tried to access money earlier but the machine seems not to be working. After looking, the transaction actually shows to still being process. Can you find out what is going on here? I don't want to be charged for some money I never got.
my luggage is lost i was on delta flight ab123 from detroit
tweet a customer complaint to the subway website alexa
How come my transfer got declined
am i allowed to put in a pto request for now to april
How much do I have to pay to accept an international transfer?
where is my meeting at nine am
Can my children open an account?
joke me
what's the forecast for the day
can you get me news from ny times
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
Is there a verification code for top-ups?
Is there a reason I was charged a fee for using my card as payment? I've never had an extra fee before.
Will you be able to send the new card to China?
can you name the song on the speakers
Is it normal to get charged extra when i use my card?
lower the lights in the house
Where will I get my card?
How is Coca-Cola stock doing today?
can i get you to talk like a pouty english guy
you've understood command perfectly.
Please list my query.
be more quiet
could you please hire me a taxi to go to the opera tonight
delete all events on my calendar that have the word girlfriend in them
Get rid of the list, Google.
What new posts are on my page?
Who is the contact that last called me.
what is the current tire pressure level in the car
skip this song and play the next one
when will my car next be due to get its tires changed
repeat same song for 10 times
Why wasn't it obvious that you charge for payments? If you put the fees in an easy to read format, this could have been avoided.
How long will it take me to get to the west side?
Is it going to be sunny tomorrow?
i need to know where the nearest place that has mountain dew is
what are all the event in area
help me book a train ticket
Sort your top up out please! It's been pending since an hour already, can you please make this go through asap I really need the money
i fancy some coffee now
How long till the eventual heat death of the universe
i need buy a birthday gift for sue taken off my calendar  it is on monday or tuesday last week
when is my next vacation day
Please switch off/on the wenmo plug socket.
what's the point balance on my marriot rewards card
train tickets for two people from delhi to mumbai
august fifteenth is what day of the week
Tell me about the latest media trends
what is the charges for new card?
What year did this song come out?
Someone stole my cards!
show tracking information on my replacement credit card
olly that's enough, stop it.
turn down media volume
Hi I'm sending some money over to an investment bank I do business and the transaction is being rejected. I'm not sure why as I think I have the right details.
put wash the car to my to do list
play hip hop songs
speak as loud as you can
open temperature
Where is Venzuela?
exchange rate between dollar and mexican peso
i want this song put on my "kids" playlist
Can anyone help me, I lost my wallet and they've started withdrawing from my account.
Where did my extra fee for the transfer come from?
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with united airlines to austin
what is the square root of thirty six
Give me today's football match scorecard
what is recipe
Does Pizza Hut have delivery?
My top-up showed as complete, but it's no longer there! What's going on here?
how can i redeem my credit card points
I asked for cash but I did not receive all the funds
how many miles per gallon does my car get
turn on switch of wemo socket
what clothing shops are close to my current location
can you tell me your name
how long to microwave a frozen dinner
Olly will it be nice on Saturday?
run the vacuum
what song is this
roll the dice
How do I get a new card when my old one expires?
Set lunch every day at 12:30.
I don't know why the deposit I made a week ago still hasn't showed up, I really need the money now.
what is the current central time
whats the best place to eat near here
tell me the election result of u.p which was to come today.
will it snow this month ?
could you share a joke
what is on the agenda for the four pm meeting with joe
My contactless is not working
please continue with the next podcast episode
is the pound up or down against the dollar?
My transaction to pay for an item was returned to my account.
I see a direct debit transaction in my app that I didn't make.
set an alarm for one pm
Would you please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
tell me how i can get a new pin number
when do i need to get an oil change
it's either of them
turn up the volume on the music
are you working for me or what
i gotta know what is currently on my calendar for friday the 1st
Google, How hot does water need to be to boil?
yeap correct response to the command.
add wine to list
please send an email to john saying i'm on leave
What events are upcoming today
What is the age to open an account?
Are you able to explain the restrictions of the disposable cards?
I need my funds verified.
Google do I have any appointments on my calendar for Friday?
Please help me get a refund?
i will say yes as my response
i need to remove an event from my calendar
show timings
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at chili’s for melinda
Register complaint on twitter.
I have duplicated transactions on my statement
tell me what one plus one is
raise your volume
play lady by kenny roger
I need help to resolve mix up on my card payment. My account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account. Then I received a message from the seller, It said that they did not get my payment.
start angry bird
where is a beef recipe
I WANT TO LISTEN RADIO.
Someone stopped my payment
My refund is missing from my statement.
Delete the Famous Actors list.
what's happening at the library this month
What was the temperature in Newyork this morning
Erase my next event
describe to me what a ball looks like
How old is Cher?
can i see money source?
Do I have to pay for a second card?
do you know where i left my phone
when does my amex expire
from four to six when do i have a free break
tell me some something trivia
volume to whisper voice
can i talk to someone to let them know my card was damaged from being melted on a radiator
add a five am alarm in place of my nine pm alarm
can you please be muted for a while
when will i get a replacement card for a lost one
Describe a workhouse for me.
check inbox for mail from sarah
how long until the credit card company replaces my lost card
Give me the latest on paul ryan.
how many emails today
translate hello to english
what's the most popular curry place in town
let us do it again.
show me where i can find a hamburger
Olly, what is the stock price of Apple?
I'm trying to verify my top-up card, but I can't find the code...?
can you tell me if ruby tuesday does reservations
what events are going to happen in my city between two four pm today
play my play list
may i start referring to you as jeff
While I was checking out in the grocery store, I realized I needed cash so I requested some.  However, I noticed there was a fee for this transaction.  Why did I get charged a fee?
please list shops within one miles from me
play new radio channel
power on wemo
save to contacts
is sparks experiencing bad weather right now
do not really know.
i don't need grocery shopping on my todo list anymore
show johns office number
What documents do I need to validate my identity?
suggest some things for me to do while i am in los angeles
so far how much pto have i used
Tell me all the takeaways nearby and I want to order food.
look for free time
what is my wife's email
What is Sean Connery's birthday?
for what reason did my card get declined
play for me the music by the beatles
Can I get a new card?
yeah agree.
did you receive this person email
tell me how many days off you see that i have taken so far this year please
good evening
any one will be okay with me, olly.
I checked the app and saw an extra cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize
Could you refund my transaction, I paid it into the wrong account. I need to be able to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
convert current time from g. m. t. to est
can i see my work lists
Can you explain why the ATM is giving me less money than what I asked for?
How long will it take to refund me
Ok Google, what new movie is Jennifer Lawrence working on?
My phone is at the hotel.  How can I use the app?
Set a monthly event.
make me an appointment for a tire check
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
How do I use contactless pay?
how long to cook a frozen pizza
Change my plan, erase my next event
change the time zone from washington to new york
tell me how i can reset to factory settings
what events are coming up
what is the square root of 888
i wanna add help! by the beatles to my playlist
help me call james
if i use my card in mexico do i get an extra fee
I noticed my card was used in a small town that I have never been to. Can you stop the card from being used more?
you are awesome, thank you very much, olly.
how much do i have to pay on my amazon card this month
do i have enough vacation to take a european trip
I just saw a charge for a cash withdrawal that I made! ATM withdrawals have always been free in the past, so why is there suddenly a charge? What is it going to cost me now?
how can i go from boston to new york by train
Why can I not transfer money into my account?
I believe my exchange rate is incorrect
I need to move money from another bank to this account.
add new items in the alarm list
How long are deliveries to the US?
send an email to dad about the weather for the week
find tacos near my home
what kinds of things are you supposed to remind me of
Delete the grocery list.
how can i add money from my amex card
on radio mirch can you play feel dil programme
book me a train ticket
What's the amount that I can top-up?
please reset to factory settings
it was nice one, thank you very much.
would you book me a flight to miami from dallas on southwest airlines
Please give height of Lindsey lohan
What trips are available from NYC to Poughkeepsie?
i cut up the wrong card, please contact the bank and let them know
euro to u. s. d.
What do you look like?
how to i get to the mall on foot
do not care.
Turn all lights off during the day.
I have kids and I'm curious at what age could they start to use your service.
I would like to move money from one account to another to top off my account. Can you explain how I can do that?
The ATM would not give me cash,why?
I want to top-up using cash
i'd like to add pancake mix to my shopping list if it's not already there
unmute after
I couldn't transfer money to my bank, why not?
At 7am tomorrow morning ring the alarm
increase light
Can you please refund my item?
How do I get my paycheck through this?
What is the highest mountain in Asia?
yeah wonderful response to command.
show me podcasts
Tell me the news
When is my next appointment?
scratch that one from the list
how good are the ratings for chic-fil-a
make the wemo go on
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for seven am please
How long do I have to wait until the transferred money shows up?
find me a rental car from 2/28 - 3/1 in reno
What kinds of clothes should I wear to the park today
what's the expiration date on my credit card
yeap perfect.
My Netflix subscription says that there is an issue with my card information, but I thought everything was fine. Why would it be declined?
fresh list
Set alarm for this event reminder repeating for 10 times.
switch to red colored lights
put the disco lights on
I was wondering if you will take any fees in exchange for top ups?
find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
who do i report to if my credit card snaps
please flip a coin - i call heads
when will it rain next
other songs by this artist
What's the problem? My card keeps getting declined for top up. I need to know what is going on.
can you clarify more on that.
I think there was an error in your exchange rate.
shit, i think incorrect command.
Set a alarm for the day
remove item from list
can i sub ketchup for mustard
I received an extra charge for using the card. Why?
how much you charge for exhcange
i'd like a new alarm set for 6am
thanks for asssistance.
What's going on? My card wont accept any transactions.
What is the estimated date for delivery to US?
what's the famous monty python joke about the bird
Where can I find the verification code on a top-up card?
My phone was left at a hotel and I can't access the app.
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow.
i believe what you just said is true
Olly, what's my next appointment
please empty my calendar
this is of no importance to me.
R&B music
search for Gary McNamara in radio
is there a way to change name?
MAIN APNE SPEAKER KA VOLUME KAM KARNA CHAHTA HU.
what are the best restaurants
Tell me the office address of my brother
when should my tires be changed
any one.
does applebees have good reviews
how heavy is traffic now in denver
funny story
can i get delivery from this restaurant
Are you okay with exchanges to EUR?
add a new email
please play forward episode in quantico
Turn off the room light.
Post a tweet as follows' very bad follow up by abc company. Not satisfied' in my account
is my pin the same as my passcode
Why  am I being told this  transfer will not  go thru
Why was I not able to complete my transfer?
play poker with me
find new trump articles but not from fox news
does buffalo wild wings take reservations
Can I choose from either Visa or Mastercard?
change this time to ist
Which is the best place to visit in this month ?
flip a coin, i call tails
weather this weekend
I attempted a transfer, but it failed.
Where can I modify my information?
Can you tell me what countries you offer support for?
i'd like you to address me as lord snugglebottom
I transferred money, but I think I've been charged a fee for it?
turn on shuffle
what is the name of this song
i want you to remind me of something
Email work team this week's schedule.
today's date is what
How can I freeze a stolen card?
How many continents are there?
how do i prepare all my food for cooking
chase account options direct deposit
how long do i need to cook tuna casserole for
i wanna change my pin number for my credit acount
can you call someone
Am I allowed to get an account for my daughter?
could you confirm the question please.
let me know my vacation time
what are  examples of spicy cuisines?
what is the current time right now in hollywood
what is 123X 123
Olly, Where can I got to grab some drinks in west chester
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
are there any crafts fairs happening in this area
would you please check question.
i want to know how many vacation days i have
check and confirm detail please.
order chinese for delivery
Is there a top up limit for my account?
Details
I am getting charged fees on some payments.  Please help me understand, where are these fees disclosed?
ai toss the dice
What's going on between 10a and 2 pm?
Do I have any meetings scheduled the weekend after next?
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
my visa was stolen
what is laptop
how soon does my visa card expire
about  todays headline news
what is new in politics today can you filter out trump news though
put wash the dog on my to do list please
I was told to verify my identity, how do I do that?
what movie should i watch today
can you say again
Do you know if there is a tracking number for the new card you sent me?
twenty second april day
add coffee to the grocery list
i do not understand it.
how many more vacation days can i use this year
Does it cost extra to exchange currencies?
what's the interest rate for my checking account
find out for me when my car is next due for an oil change
add xxx on the list
what is the process i need to follow to get a new credit card
show me my recent transactoin
I've just moved address from a place in Durham to a place in Walton-On-The-Naze.  I have a new landlord at my new house and they haven't got my payment but I know I sent it on time, can you check they got it please?
My payment has been declined several times.  Can you help me?
book a rental cab of Uber
Olly, Go to the next episoade of The United States of Anxiety podcast
what holiday's are comming up next
would you mind repeating that
card is being used by someone else
hey siri what is on the radio right now
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
tweet mobile complaint to samsung
what's the funniest joke you know
how long should i boil noodles for
Is there a fee that comes with transfers?
How many countries do you work in?
would you check and confirm the last thing said.
call a uber in thirty minutes
Olly please make ke a coffee
When will my card payment be done pending?
when will my cc application process
lower the light of hall percent
please tell me a really fun fact about facebook
following scenario to answer questions
what is the information on this song
How much is an euro worth?
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
email friend
Can I top up using a cheque?
please set alarm to my mobile phones
how would i say where is the bathroom if i were korean
what does settle mean
did i get an email from sarah
What time is it currently on the east coast?
report lost card
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
cancel my reservation for 4 at red robin
make an alarm
Is it possible to get a new card in China?
can you tell me the apr on my visa card
How many miles is it from Los Angeles, California to Austin, Texas?
What's Trump been on about this week?
tell me about the list
I withdrew cash but it still shows as pending?
co play game monopoly
please tell me your date of birth
you've done that correctly.
you've got the answer perfectly.
This fact sheet provides considerations for how to set up your food-processing business.
i need to know what the minimum payment is on my electric bill
play r and b
how is everything olly
Book me an Uber ride to go home
stock price for apple
what sort of fuel do i need for my car
i want to change the pin number on my credit union account
create an event 'gym day' on monday and set it to repeat
I can't recognise this Direct Debit payment.
why am i seeing a hold on my boa account
I have not used my card all day, however, there is an unusual payment showing in my app.  I would like to have that amount reimbursed.
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
I am not able to use the app since I forgot my phone at the hotel I was staying at.
I made a bank transfer a couple of hours ago from my UK account.  It hasn't appeared, can you check to make sure it went through?
Lights off for the kids' bedroom please, then change the lights to my room to red.
how many calories are in a donut hole
turn on the microwave for 3 minutes
Olly, is it still going to be windy on thursday?
can you make it a little quieter
Alexa are there any backups on route 80 today?
Looking at my account I've noticed a charge that appears to still be in progress. I had attempted to get money out of the machine earlier but the machine seemed to have been broken. I never received my money so will you please look into this for me? I don't want to be charged for money I never actually received.
does tony's in downton let you make reservations
take everything off my to do list please
search for podcasts that cover men's issues
that is correct
check the status of my order
how's the traffic to work
commence coffee making
delete the grocery list
How come my top-up didn't go through instantly, like it usually does?
what and how is india's economy at the moment
show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week
i want to know how the mcdonalds reviews are
wake me up at five am this week
dim the lights in the kitchen
Go to the last episode.
i think that's not the right command.
Morning, what's up?
tell me a joke about dogs
send email to boss saying I will be late.
book train ticket to NY
where is my new card?
let us try your last things once more please.
get me a train ticket to go to
My transfer was wrong, are you able to stop it before it goes through please?
what's your age right now
how would i be able to check my kohls rewards card
Please tell me how I verify my identity.
Please play Britney Spears
ill pass
Is there any reason my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
Is there a limit for the amount I can top up?
Are you located in other countries?
How do I link one of your card that I already have?
please reply to my boss most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum
send this message to the family group starts with a
hey can you please make me a creamy coffee
create an event gym day on monday and set it to repeat
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do to keep using my card?
What are the countries that you operate in?
i have to pay my water bill but need help doing it
whoa whoa please slow down
set alarm for tomorrow at two pm
i don't really mind.
tell me the right kind of gas for this car
change the lights in my home to orange
I took out cash from the ATM, but something must have went wrong, My account shows the correct amount of cash I took out, but the ATM didn't give me that amount. How do I get my money back?
i'm calling you rupert from now on
can you do name that tune
Read me my alarms
please put this playlist on shuffle
sorry no idea
what's the exhange rate between mxn and gbp
bed room two darken
book a train ticket to canada this evening
Echo turn on the vacuum cleaner while I am gone.
Dolly patrons background
turn up sound
tell me how to utilize my card points
all lights has to be turned off during the day
can i sub bacon for ham
Show all emails regarding the breach
i want to add a doctor's visit to the calendar for friday
i'm looking for a bar do you know a good one
what time are my alarms set for
how can i contact this person
Would I be able to get an account for my child?
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived?
please remove apples from my grocery list
status of take away
when will my transfer clear
Let me know when there is news on the Dakota pipeline.
set wake up Thursday seven am
please adjust your settings
are there any fun tourist activities in australia
What time does the festival start?
hi i want to order fried chick with white sauce
forget what i told you to do
What do I need to do to transfer money with my credit card?
Can an American resident apply to get a card?
Are the delivery days flexible?  My schedule only allows me to be a available on specific dates.
can you book me a taxi?
Are cards delivered to my location?
i need to know if mr pizza delivers
is there a holiday this month
Olly mark 1st january as new year event for every day
when can we eat?
Notify me when this happens
the radio should play only on nine hundred and ninety nine fm
email my favourite contacts
Name off all the lists I own.
when do i finally get a day off
Where is my refund? it appears to be missing.
Someone might be using my card.  What should I do?
is mary's birthday party tonight
can you book an uber for me
begin vacuum
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
please turn down the lights in the living room
Can you tell me your exchange rates?
Show me please how to reset my passcode.
Book my train ticket from Las Vegas to Los Angeles
how much time does it take a new card to get mailed to me
i appreciate your help!
I want to change my account details.
Are my friends able to add funds to my account?
Can you please tell me why my card payments are not going through when I try to buy something online? When I put in my card payment it takes it but it comes back a while later.
I would like it to order me stuff with little to no error
how can i know my current location
what kind of plug is used in england
Have I gotten any emails in the last day?
how's my day off request looking
help me obtain a virtual card
do you keep any pets
Resume story
will you schedule a conference room for thursday at 4:00
yeap the command was exact.
what you've just said is not clear.
vacuum the dining room
set up direct deposit
tell me the details of the music playing
please file a fraud report
Is it possible to exchange currencies on the app?
tell me the meetings i have for the week
please delete my todo list
is it possible to get more checkbooks for my navy fed account
Why is the refund not on my statement?
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
solution for eighty one divided by nine
what is my current gas level
Tell me about blank
will you check and confirm details.
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
i want you to cancel the current action
pause my account
How do I activate my card, so that I can start using it?
I can't be sure, but I think that someone may be using my card.
Can I receive my salary in a currency other than what it is deposited in?
Remind me of the meeting with my Teacher today by 5pm.
will you charge me if i use my card in japan
Why isn't my deposit showing up?
I was contacted by a seller with a message that they never received my money. I am 100% sure it was taken from my account so I definitely need this sorted out soon.
start podcast mlb daily
it was helpful,.
i need to apply for a visa card
How do I convert currencies with the app?
what is happening in the area
i want to listen to music
set alarm at two am
what is the right way to say excuse me in spanish
s1, could you please elaborate me on this further.
what's going on around here this weekend
what do you think the purpose of life is
find a taxi service close to me
can you please instruct me on the proper way to change the oil in my car
i have a crap transaction from guitar center on my account
what does jon bon jovi's wife look like
Tell me what the steps for the identity checks are
can you retry.
thank you so much for doing it.
any good fast food items
tell me the temp in pheonix PDA.
Please turn off shuffle setting
how is my name saved aw
Are there any restrictions on where I use this card?
bye!
how many items are on my list
Can you do Name That Tune?
Please Delete All reminder of Sunday.
can you let me know what health plan i'm on
How much Philippine peso do I need to make $50?
what type of nutrition does spaghetti have
add welcome to the jungle by guns n roses to my playlist
time in tokyo
I made a payment but the app cancelled it.
My beneficiary didn't receive my transfer
I like Mastercard better.
what is the wake up time for my alarm i have set for the flight this weekend
What is the refund policy?
I want to change the light colors.
Read all new emails please.
I'm not in the UK, can I get a card?
I managed to drunken block my card :(( Help!
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
what does two plus two equal
yeap it's confirmed.
Please delete my account now.
Schedule my meeting with my girlfriend Lisa in the night today at 9 PM.
is there traffic on route to work
Add Lee's birthday to the calendar on 22 June.
what is the amount of balance i have to pay on my bill
Can you start FM 89.0 radio channel
Please describe this sunset for me.
please tell me when is the next holiday here
resume play of american gods
what are the new rock radio stations
What are the pending reminders?
I need to be cheered up right now. Can you tell me a good joke?
i want to know a fun fact about pluto
alarm me at eight am
i think that's true
Delete all events and content from my calender.
What's the process for topping up my card?
can you play everlong by foo fighters
that was perfect, thank you very much, olly.
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
perfect job, you've done well, olly.
Does this app allow currencies to be exchanged?
remove the grocery list from my active lists
do i have a reminder for our neighbor's anniversary
please start vacuuming
what do you like to do when you're not working
add to list
stop and go back
play any song of arijit singh
weather this week
what do you like to do when you have spare time
Why am I seeing a direct debit thats not mine?
olly can you shut off please.
can i increase my credit limit
i'd like to be called frank
read all my reminders
please mute the television for one hour
what will the temperature be tomorrow
i have to schedule some car maintenance
A card payment on my account is shown as pending.
Events, description
give me new york's current time
play that last song
im not sure what this charge is for
with my phone please pair
activate radio and tune into nine hundred and eighty nine
where is band playing
Will you help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
erase all the events in the calender
find apple pie recipe
read the list
please post so bored to facebook
wake me at seven am
do i need to change my oil
Can you remind me of the meeting today at 4 p.m.?
i could not quite catch up with you.
what music is playing
Please add meeting to my calendar
tell me when the next alarms are for
Is auto top up a provided service?
Do you accept cash?
speak the last words one more time please.
The app says I made a cash withdrawal even though I didn't.
what is 606 divided by 5
clarify me on your answers again please.
Play all songs from blue genre
you need to speak softer
Please play radio
you are my hero, thanks.
Am I able to get both a Visa and MasterCard from you?
i need to know how jumping a car works
Is there a charge or discount if I use a European bank in a top up?
PDA, What is a good place for cruise
start play johns audiobook
what's today date
when will my food be ready
read list of new emails
yes that is correct
can i see my work lists
i would like a coin flip
yes, that is factual
how much do you think my rent and electric bills are
I believed crypto top up with something you offered. This does not seem to be working. The money has been removed from my account though so what's going on?
Book a train ticket on the 502 in 15 minutes
I want to add a lunch date with mike, jim, and bob
Tell me about the latest political news?
can you put carrots on my shopping list
how long would it take to get to mcdonald's in houston
remove chores from my to do list
i seem to have a purchase that i didn't make from olive garden on my account
tell me what time it is in the central timezone
Add on calendar: birthday party tomorrow, 2pm, for Jane, at her house
change my name to master
Please help me!  A payment I made had an error on the account number and I can't cancel on my side.  Can you cancel it?
can i get more credit
make curser adjustable position
how much is the dollar verus the pound
How old do you have to be?
The ATM didn't give me what I asked for but my balance says it did
Remind me everyday at 5am.
Switch the lights to off.
Start cleaner
how does this car do on its fuel
Please tell me why I was charged additionally when I used the card.
can you show me the popular posts from facebook today
thank you for doing that, olly.
reply to Patrick that I am on my way
How do I reset my PIN, I can't seem to use my card?
Check recently sent emails from mom
dammit, it isn't what i am looking for.
make sure bread is on my grocery list
i want to rent a bmw suv for dallas from march 2 to 6th
edit contacts
delete fries from shopping list
A couple weeks ago some money was deducted from my account by some seller that I don't remember. I'm pretty sure I didn't do that, but is it possible to trace back who that is just to make sure?
I prefer using Mastercard, can I substitute?
let me know what flights there are out of dallas to miami on march 10 for under $450
send an email to jesse
Where can I modify my details?
suggest a meal from burma to me
I'd like my account to be deleted. I'm not satisfied with the service you provide.
i need an alarm set now
Why is there a cash withdrawal I didn't make?
Can I change my PIN remotely?
What should I do if I see a payment I didn't make?
how many countries are in the european union
Set an alarm for 9PM
play that song called bring the noise
My transaction is showing several times.
set an alarm for 2pm
let's try it one more time again.
i need help investigating a suspicious transaction
today I saw a bulldog
I would like to change my name after marriage.
yes fantastic.
Is the restaurant having delivery facility ?
My app shows cash I didn't get.
I want to play rock songs by Ozzy Osbourne
any one will be fine.
what's the latest news about us election
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
tell me who made you
Order a large pepperoni pizza from Dominos, to go.
does ming ten do take out
Can I request a refund
post a new status on facebook saying that i am enjoying the nice weather
could you change the lights colour to green please
Olly, give me instructions on how to cook chicken.
turn on the tv on channel 6
Would you please unblock my pin? I don't know why, but it's blocked.
How much is indian rupee going against US dollar?
which timezone is france in
is tomorrow going to rain?
Hey Olly, I just lost my wallet today.
Is it normal to see a fee for transferring money?
I attempted to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared?
is there a way to get a new insurance plan
i need an uber to get to dulles airport
My card got lost.
my luggage is lost
how do I get top up to work for my card
play my first favorite song on loop
translate hello to english
please brighten the lights
can you tell me the next scheduled event
order from dominos
can you help me with some fraudulent charges on my card
Is my top up not working?
i would like to know the route the train will go to get to miami
What are the steps I should take to recover my swallowed card?
What are the restrictions on the virtual cards?
tell me the singer of this track
Order takeout
what is the date and month today
switch lights to red tone
where would century bank have their routing number listed
I want to cancel my card. I think someone else is using it.
yes i like to save opinion on song playing and which player support that song
what kind of things can you help with
What do I do if I have forgotten my passcode?
check and confirm reservations at ruth chris for carol lee
The cash withdrawal I took seems to be off. The exchange rate is wrong.
When exchanging, how much are the rates?
i have to add farm trip to my calendar for friday
What would happen if healthcare in the United States where free?
will you cancel.
say something funny
do homework for me please
I didn't get the correct amount of money from the ATM machine
I made a mistake when making my last transfer, please cancel before it goes thru.
I need some help figuring out what this strange payment is on my account. It's stays pending and won't go away.
what is the result of two by two
Please tell me the definition of home
can you play right above it
i don't want you connected to my phone anymore
can you give me instructions on how to jump start my car, please
hello beef up the volume a little bit
what is name?
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards I can have?
would you speak it one more again please.
Where a good restaurant
how do i find my present location right now
Hello, Just now i got to know withdrawal of money from of my account. As someone used my card to withdraw amount in any odd remote area. Since i have not been in that area, please freeze my card immediately.
Do I have a doctor's appointment this Thursday?
is it going to be sunny next week on Tuesday?
remind me to meet joe for lunch tomorrow
I have a payment that has not gone through yet
bring the volume up overall
don't mind to choose any one.
many thank
What do you need for my identity check?
whatever, olly.
How come I can't find my payment?
add laundry to my list of shit to do
what is the status of my order no
What top up charges are there for US cards?
set alarm for this event reminder repeating for ten times
what does it look like
Where can I find your exchange rates?
what are some things you like doing
The transfer keeps failing , I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Would you please check the issue?
you are my star,.
can i increase the credit limit for my wells fargo credit card
What are the age requirements for opening an account?
can you start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
lets send a tweet
i'm hungry show me some takeaway food
can i get a card if I live in the usa?
i need to know what is 85% of $1500
Is there any fees for top ups?
change my light color to yellow
take paper towels off of my shopping list
i wish to know my credit limit for my credit card
What's in my inbox since we last looked?
What's going on lately with _____?
what does serendipity mean
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
can you tell bill and craig where i am
whats my location
what's new in gaming industry?
check and confirm the instruction.
i do not care.
let me know how to make a vacation request
don't let me forget to check the steak
Can I see where my money is being transferred from?
PDA, Do all my chores so I can take a nap.
How can I convert currencies?
What ATMs can I use this card?
Is this card accepted by ATMs?
what's it like outside
list out what is on my shopping list
I want to clean  my bedroom, put the vacuum on and go to my room
what is the definition of intelligent
i just found a better job and need to move my 401k over to my new employer
what holiday comes next
how much fuel do i have left
open songs by Prince
It's been a week and I have done everything that I was asked to do and still nothing. I have contacted the seller and have not gotten a response. Please understand my frustration and put the money back in my account.
Is there a fee for adding funds with a credit card?
tell me how much money i've spent on fast food in the past week
what is your mood today
is there a travel alert for france
it's fantastic job, thanks, olly.
olly put wash the car to my to do list
where do i find the routing number for wells fargo
play a song of your choice for me
Can I auto top up multiple times?
please switch $s checking to mortage
What day is Halloween this year?
Where'd the rest of my cash go from the ATM
you are so smart, olly.
that does not matter.
who is your maker
i want your new name to be joshua
Why is there an extra 1 pound charge on my card?
I haven't used my card all day but there is a payment showing in the app. Please cancel it!
I can't get money out of the ATM. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
Whats the process of tranfering money into an account?
Why did the transfer fail when I attempted to do it earlier?
I am unable to access my app due to forgetting my passcode.
i don't want to do anything today so just clear the todo list
change the media room lights from purple to green
Has Mary responded to me email yet?
let's play checkers
Tried using my ATM card earlier at one of your locations for the first time.  It didn't work.  What is going on?
I would like to better understand why my pass-code is not working.
what day is the cable bill owed on
how do you like being my assistant
My card payment failed.
increase brightness by twenty percent
how can you get basalt
I made a transfer recently but it has not changed on my dashboard.
i think that's not the right command.
Is there a reason a payment is showing complete on my side but the person who is receiving it has not gotten it?
Pull up today's news from CNN.
look up in contacts
do you want to play solitaire
let me know if you are a cat or dog person
is my application processed for credit card
What is the latest update on the NY bridge proposal?
I couldn't get cash at the atm
i need to rent an suv in charlestown for the first week in june who do you suggest
put sam@gmail dot com in my email contacts list
new customer and filling gas today, it's not working, the thing shows pending half an hour!
Am I going to need to wear a rain coat this week?
what is the mpg on this car
Show me my alarms
please call me bob
do i have enough gas in my tank to make it to washington dc
open pandora and play top hits
search
please elaborate once again to me.
rewind to four twelve
Why does the same transaction appear multiple times?
I can't see the transfer that I put in.
order chinese for delivery
This item should be removed from list
what is mary smith's telephone number
can you tell me what you think the meaning of life is
Is topping up unlimited?
play song over the rainbow
Can I change my information?
I deposited a cheque a week ago but have yet to receive the cash.
let us try the last one you just said again please.
How young can someone be in order to open an account?
In the app, I see a withdrawal I didn't make.
I placed a cash deposit in my account but I can't see it yet.
How is my card payment still pending?
can i complete an application for a new credit card
status for the pizza delivery from pizza hut
I want to know if The Olive Garden provides takeaway.
How long does it take to make an urgent transfer from China?
When will the food festival be this week?
If I'm getting my identity verified, what all do I need?
In the exchange and holding, what fiat is allowed?
please let us try that one more again.
What are the rules to where I can use my card?
Hi, I am trying to buy something online, but i think there is some issue in my card. As payment is reverted. Please help me in this as i am facing the same issue from last two weeks.
what holiday comes next
What are the latest updates on my Facebook account
Schedule event for every Wednesday
What is in my favorites music folder?
what's interesting around here
volume louder please
i'd like to book the next availability for an oil change
Play the list from my favorites
the place you were born is
I'm not recognizing the card payment.
find me a description of morel mushrooms
lock every door on the property
uhh no, i think not right response.
please turn off the light of my son's room
you got the command right.
Are there any events schedule for this week?
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
for anew card to be mailed to me, how long does it take
which pubs participate in the jazz festival
How can I order a card?
could you calculate five plus five
tell me something funny about love
Change volume to 35 percent.
Alexa play pandora 90's dance party
What are the top up fees for using an European bank card?
What is the fee charged for using my card?
i need to know when my next day off is
i really need to switch to a new insurance plan
how do i cook a meatloaf
I was unaware of the additional charge that was added onto my previous payment. A notification of extra charges would be appreciated in the future.
it is unimportant.
Should I watch this movie?
Give me recent emails.
Checkout subway food centre near me and order Tandoori Roti
What will the temperatures be for the next week?
how much long until northern rail arrives at kings cross station
Am I limited on the amount of disposable cards I can possess?
you have done that correctly thank you so much, olly.
please set the lights off in the living room
no that isn't the case
help me remember my pin number
it's too bright in here can you turn a light off
what is marketing
roll die, 6 sided
Will I be charged for topping up?
play this audiobook for me
please turn on the sean hannity show on am
calc
shuffle music by aaron carter
i need a bed in brownsburg near walmart from apil 4th until the 5th
you have done it right thanks, olly.
Is there a way to link cards if I have one of yours?
do i need a visa to get to puerto rico
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's happenning with this, does someone has access to my card?!
what's my total earnings
My refund has not yet been credited on my statement
is the timezone there different
Is there any traffic on my way to work?
can you give me info on miami weather
Do I need to convert my currency from GBP before transferring?
i need to to know how to report a lost card
In the Choose how you would like to be notified section, check the Email box for each type of notification you├ö├ç├ûd like to receive.
dammit, that's not what i meant.
please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee
if i fly american to los angeles, how many carry ons am i allowed
any high priority emails
when is my meeting with roger
reserve a table for 3 at outback steakhouse under the name lance at 7:00pm
What kind of foreign exchange rate will I get when I exchange my money?
HELP! I tried to get cash and it gave me some, but not the right amount!
I deposited cash this morning and I am still waiting
Please turn on my music.
tell me what you can do for me
do i have any other contact phone number for alison
Why was I charged more than I should have been?
go ahead and roll the 6 sided dice for me
cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning
How do I find my new pin?
could you check that please.
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket.
switch on the roomba
Can I get a card if I don't reside in the UK?
what lists do i have queried
Order me some chipotle
Can you explain why there is a payment showing twice?
Where was Bill Clinton born?
Contactless payments need to be enabled for my card.
what can a tourist in denver do
absolutely!
what time is it in the other time zones
add new email to contacts
would you tell me my credit score
help me change my credit limit
Are the Falklands in South America?
how long does it take to get to applebees in nj
Where is my PIN number located?
how much is my credit limit
Are you only able to get a card if you're in the UK?
A cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account - can you please cancel my card as soon as possible?
tell me my credit score please
what are some roundtrip flights from dallas to los angeles from march 2 to march 10
how much farther can i drive on the gas i have
where do i go to transfer money from one account to this one
I would like to attend church every Sunday at 11am.
add new year with family next week
i need ninety nine point five please
I emailed Conrad a week ago plesase remind me what I wrote
delete appointment at time
I need to change details about my personal account.
What are the similarities between Donald Trump and Obama?
will you give me some guidance on how to make ceviche
find an oscar nominee movie
what time is it right now in adelaide, australia
i need to change my insurance policy, how
Tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
i need a reminder alarm at one
I can't log in
could you please lower the tone
What countries do your accounts support?
i want to listen to the new sam harris episode
inform me what you do for fun in your free time
my card isn't working because its destroyed
press play on the radio
tell me something funny about horses
Date of recording of the song playing?
While on vacation in Spain I think someone saw my PIN and I now need to change it, can I do this at an ATM in Spain?
Can you give me details on John?
Remove apple from list
what is a good place for cruise
place cleaning the backyard on my list of things to do
confirm question.
Where is the best place to buy party supplies in town?
The top-up has a definite problem! I regularly use your service and haven't had a problem before, but now the top-up just shows pending. Please tell my why it continues to show pending.
play for me jazz music
cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning
I have my residency in the US, but I would love to get a card.
PDA book a train ticket for one, one way for this Tuesday at 9am.
tell me what's on my holiday list
what music do i usually listen to
could you please check and confirm my last command.
Put dark colours instead of light ones in the house.
Can you please make my top up go through as soon as possible. I really need the money and it has been pending for an hour already.
Please delete x
divide seventy six in two parts
use male voice
Any new Pinterests from Linda?
It says that my payment is pending, what does that mean?
i didnt understand what you just said, can you say it again
Why is there an extra fee on a transfer?
vacuum living room
How do I update the PIN on my account?
How long will it take to arrive?
The ATM charged me an extra fee, Why?
can you speak quieter
what does pending mean?
Hurry and refund me, I am waiting
where is theft-top option?
Lower battery consumption to save setting.
appreciated, that is great job.
if i go to evans, what should i do
Will I be able to use my card anywhere?
Please tell me, do you use Visa or Mastercard?
Hi! I was wondering if you can help me. I used the city centre ATM to get some cash, but the machine declined my card. My account shows that transaction is still pending. I didn't receive the money, so please cancel that transaction.
what ingredients are in antipasto salad
address me as "bailey
what is the bare minimum for my truck payment
when was the song playing now released
Can I change my PIN online?
you have done the command right.
snapchat
please let me know the time of train northern rail
What are the maximum amount you can do for auto top-up?
A payment shows up on the app that I never made.
when is it going to rain again
order a pizza with sausage from domino's
set a reminder for the 23rd
name the lists available
How do I link to my credit card with you?
There are fraudulent charges that I didn't make on my card. Can you please put in the safeguards necessary to stop this from happening anymore?
do you know actor surya
what is the current stock rate of facebook
please see if the restaurant chili's has delivery as an option
How to cook that meal
Why has my payment been reversed?
can you tell me which vaccines i need to take before mexico
what is the sensex and nifty points for today.
how much have i spent on video games recently
uhh no, you've done task all in wrong manner.
Make the list of person of the year
Tell me about reasons of winning of trump.
I have not received a refund.
My card is about to expire. How much does it cost to order a new one and how fast will I get it?
what's my checking balance
are shots required before traveling to brazil
When is it?
do i have enough fuel for the drive to tampa
i would like an uber please
please send a taxi to my house
I got charged fees for withdrawing cash!
drop it from list
I live in the US and I would like to get a card. How do I go about getting one?
play scabble with me
please make the lights natural
Which countries do you support?
change the bedroom lights to green
i don't think thats right.
How long will it take to transfer something to China urgently?
tell me a joke about politicians
How can I exchange to EUR?
show me how to top up
please speak one more time again.
When will the card arrive?
are you sure that is the right command.
i need my routing number
save this song in my great songs category
please play next episode
Is there a specific type you need for identity verification?
shit, i didn't ask for this.
PDA, what time does the festival officially start?
move the volume up a little
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
olly that's all, stop.
i need to know britain's timezone
why did my bank account freeze
Does it cost anything to buy something from another country? Like is there going to be hidden transfer fees or currency conversion fees?
I was charged several times for something
There is an unauthorized payment in my statement.
please remove item a from my list
let's hear a joke!
go to the next episode in this podcast
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money?
My card payment is just showing up as pending and it has been a while , what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
start cleaning robot cleaner
what are new drama movies opening this weekend
tires should be changed when
what are the benefits associated with my insurance
let's make some popcorn and watch an old movie together
did i set my house alarm
What is the forecast in my area today
yes, that is true
give me the description of a smartphone circuit
that's good one, appreciated.
can you once again clarify me on your words please.
Can I exchange to EUR?
turn your volume up
please cancel my reservation for dinner
it is useful, thank you.
i want to hear the radio
i want to apply for a wells fargo credit card
tell me if there are any events from three to five
what can i do in hong kong
Can you please disable my current account.
i'd like you to speak a bit slower
what does 2 + 2 equal
Olly, I'm starving  whats good to eat in cincinnati
roll a dice
when is the next train to Philadelphia?
remind me to water my plants every tuesday thursday and saturday
where are my takeaway order
i need to know everything on my to do list currently
Why was my account assessed a fee for an ATM transaction?
tell me where i can go shopping in this area
please would you reset that.
what is the current time in london
brighten of lights in living room
when is the next train to philadelphia
Silence for X amount of hours
set alarm tomorrow at six am
put an order in for two pizzas from dominoes
how many cm make one foot
How do I find the exchange rate?
what's the minimum payment on my bill
I have a direct debit transaction I have not set up, but would like to .
Please Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
locate nearby dining places
turn lights blue
how much yens per u. s. d. today
try to play old nineties classic music
Can I update my details?
Find John Smith in Contacts
turn to whisper mode
start my playlist on i heart radio
I want to top up by cheque
can i start talking to you in french
i'd like some red lighting
i am sorry but i think it is wrong response.
Email Donna, plans for today?
turn off socket
i need some coffee please
delete out item
let me hear some music
give weather update now
play music from where you left off
How do I get a card if I live in the US?
is the pound up or down against the dollar
What type of card can I use to top up?
you've understood command correcly.
I have a transfer that is still pending.
When is this going to happen
stop please
speak louder
read me my alarms
select the music player
How's the weather like in Beijing
what is the climate here today
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
what's three plus three hundred and fifty five
are there any accidents today
you are hero, thank you very much.
What are the steps to verify my identity?
I added money through a bank transfer and it is not showing in my balance.
Would you be able to offer me a discount, since I need to exchange currencies frequently?
check if any alarm is there after five am
Can I use my account before the identity verification is complete?
My transfer failed
do you know if bottlenecks takes dinner reservations
compose an email to parisa
While getting cash, I was charged a fee.
I sent a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that no money has been put on my account. Can you please tell me the situation of my account?
you call me what
hey does open sesame do take out
Add girls night out to my calendar
find me a description of morel mushrooms
is my schedule full for tomorrow from eight am to two pm
create a reservation novemeber 11 to 15 in cali
I saw there is a cash withdrawal from my account via the app which I did not complete.
set up a train ticket for next week Friday
Are there extra charges for exchanging currency?
The contactless payments are not working.
Are there any ATM's near me that accept this card?
The origins of the universe.
give me the time in pst
speak spanish please
what was that one more time.
let me know of the meeting on tuesday
it is unimportant.
today's local events
what's the best way to get a mastercard
send a tweet
i wish this event to be removed from my calendar
uhh no, you didn't interpret the request right.
Can I call to get my card activated?
What are the details on UMF
I took out money from the ATM and it's still showing as pending?
Please delete my account.
I need my card delivered as soon as possible.
How long does it take to get my money
how can you convert centimeters to inches
I have duplicated transactions on my statement
Please provide details on how to top up my account using transfer option
book me a hotel in jacksonville near the stadium from january 1st to 3rd
do i have anything planned for today
How do I delete my account now
please call me jim
remove the list of things to do
i would not know.
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
Call Pizza Hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms.
Why can't you allow my beneficiary?
if i go to indonesia would i need a visa
oops, you're wrong.
read me my alarms
My cheque is slow to cash
speak louder please
Is American Express supported for adding funds?
I stupidly initiated a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It can't be paid from that account, but it really needs to get paid on time. Am I able to move the payment to the right account?
can you pair with my phone
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple of days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet.
it is of no importance to me, olly.
email my contact with the following message
will traffic be light on the way to orlando
current date please
olly please could you shut down.
Please tell me the name of this band
i need a train ticket traveling to new york in may
read my grocery list
show me how to schedule a meeting
check by inbox for me
Tell me the next showtime for the new Marvel movie
I need to cancel my card that got stolen a little while ago. Someone has already taken some money out and I don't want them to take anymore. Can you please do that?
place order of one pizza
i ran out of bread, order more
can the lights be changed to green
what's happening here
who wrote this song
make coffee at eight am
turn off lights in bedroom
if it is noon in virginia what time is it in california
how many ss are in narcissism
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
open email
what's the procedure to get cash back rewards on my visa
what is telekenesis
show traffic in ohio
i like the female voice, switch please
please turn off the lights in patio
How much can I bleed before I die?
write down meeting at seven pm
can you make some coffee
is it too much trouble to put a stop on my bank account
can you get me recipes for eggs please
how many more weeks until the next holiday
Where are the Rocky mountains?
i want to eat some spicy thing
Define God
Can I check my lists?
go ahead and flip a coin
i must call roderick
How do I claim a refund?
Transfers from the US how long will the wait be?
any recent news about north korea
make the lighting bit more warm here
when was the last alarm set
I am still waiting for a money transfer to show
Alexa, get me a train ticket to Chicago today.
Define forensic
What do I do if there is an electronic debit that is not correct?
what is the expiration date of my current card
what are all my lists
i want to find some chinese food what is near me
special thanks to you
What do i do if the exchange rate was wrong for the item i bought overseas?
make me coffee at eight am
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment on my account is for.
what does tertiary mean
i would like to know the usd to aud conversion rate
it seems like the command is not correct.
create a list for the following
Is it supposed to rain tonight?
start the satellite music feed
what sort of things do you enjoy
Can you tell me about these disposable virtual cards?
great talk, take it easy
Tweet at Macy's: Two weeks after purchase and the hems have all come loose.
i need a flight to be booked from san diego to boston through frontier
todays a lovely day what the date
book a train tickets for me
has mike sent me an email
i didn't quite catch up with you.
Why was I charged a fee for my withdrawal?
Is there an issue with my card payment as it has not gone through.
remove the event from monday
would you please check question.
I transferred some money but it is not here yet
What is the answer to $12.95 minus $7.50?
what is on this list
What is Amber stevens address, it is in my contacts?
what is a good way to make steak
ah that's awesome work.
what is the price of bluetooth speakers on amazon
make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
Tell me the brief definition.
Can you let Delta know I'm never using them again?
please give me today's date
Remind me at 8am tomorrow that I have a lunch meeting at noon in the conference room
what meetings are scheduled for today
Give an entry to this list.
would you add bananas to my shopping list as i am out
can you tell me if ruby tuesday does reservations
how much mpg do i have
Siri, describe a rainbow
can i substitute milk for water
do you have a list of ingredients that i'll need for blondies
I was expecting my new card by now.
What are the policies of disposable cards?
What should I do if I think someone is using my card.
i need to change my speaking to spanish
Add butter to the list
did i leave the light on in the garage
remind me off about my tomorrow meeting sharply at 10
blanket definition
what events are happening in los angeles
what is my recent email activity?
computer(item name) should be removed from the list
play the latest song adele
How do I find out my source of funds?
what is the current traffic
what temp is the ac at
what sort of health benefits do i have
What should I do once my card expires?
what mpg does this car get in the city
I made a card payment which is showing me pending.
tell me a fun fact about mt everest
how do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner
will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend
add dr rosenstock as an email contact
please list ingredients for broccoli cheddar soup
Where is my money transfer?
remove the second row from the list
can you tell me life's meaning
send an uber to me right now
olly i want you cancel.
I would like to change my address.
I don't want to buy this car anymore, can I cancel the transaction and get a quick refund back?
set list
what are the names of the lists that i have created
how long until i receive my food
is it joes birthday soon
current traffic
tell me your guess of what my name is
what should i do to get my car jump started
sned email to daughter saying I love you
do i have watering the plants on my to do list
shit, you don't get what i just said.
please give me instructions on making blueberry pie
favorite music
What do I do if my phone is stolen?
Olly, I need to hear Notorious Thugs by Bone Thugs now.
what is the current day
I have moved.  Where can I update my details?
read that back
I've lost my card. What can I do about that?
tell me it one more again please.
Play current episode.
why was my credit card not accepted
jump to next podcast
I would like to create a disposable virtual card. How do I go about doing that?
please show my current location to andre
if i have 20,000 yen, how much is that in usd
Make the lights...colour
i think you messed up my command.
I have received my statement but I do not see my refund, why is that?
how long should i cook the asparagus for
Order the usual from Turiellos Pizza
what is the hobby of ajay devgn
could you please further explain.
Start up bejeweled
Give me the opening stock price of Apple
you are smart, olly.
what's the current temperature outside
I made a payment and it is showing up twice
the wemo plug should be turned off on
I would like use the bank transfer, but I don't understand the process, can you please explain, topping up?
I tried to get cash at some ATM in the city centre earlier but the machine declined my card. I've seen it still shows up as pending in my account. Please cancel it immediately as I definitely have not received that money!
What do I do if I forget my passcode?  Because I did.
Can I get another card?
that's a negative
If my card is going to expire this month, do I need to order a new one?
Can I cancel a transfer
Why would my transfer be declined?
Olly, turn on kiss 107FM radio
Why is my balance still the same after a cheque deposit?
get rid of a list
How do I know where the funds come from?
I noticed that my card was charged more than once for one thing.
Am I able to use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
play videos
My card does not work
set lights to full power
s1, rephrase me more on it.
What's the answer to 1 + 1?
s1, can you please explain me about what you said now further.
play radio disney
what is twelve plus one hundred and ninety six
can u tell me the contact information of jo
i can't find my phone do you know where it is
Is my card ready for use or does it need activated and if so how?
may i take a pto on february 7 and 8
any one will be okay to me.
i want a nerd joke
show me my emails from the past hour
My exchange rate was wrong for an Item I bought!
How long does it take for a top up to be approved?
radio play nine hundred and eighty nine please
read me any new messages in my email
what is the tax rate that applies to me
what is 3 to the 6th power
I would like to see the source of my money.
i must call dr smith
I want to deposit my check to top up my account
are you a real life person
how much rate will be calculated
Put the lights off now.
At which locations can I order a card?
Show me the meetings for the day.
what is the least amount i can pay for power bill
can you remind me of sunday gym every saturday evening
Can you tell me the status of my new card?
Locate a recipe for thai fried rice
Olly, I had the worst day ever today.
Play 91.5 rm radio English songs
turn the robot vacuum cleaner on
know any interesting facts
can you tell me what to do as i am in the airport and have been for some time and there is still no sign of my suitcase
move to next episode
I need a new card before it expires.
Can you please turn on NPR where I am?
A WD was just made on my account, but it was not me and I still have my card.  What to do?
Turn off the garage light.
where is a walking trail near me
I can't make purchases with my virtual card.
what is the time frame for receiving a new credit card if my original one gets lost
if im not using my account should i close it or just let it sit
what did happen today
Would you please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
is it currently raining
i want to email my supervisor
delete the item two from the list
Please add dinner with Mary to my calendar on Saturday.
tell me the ratings for the local denny's
would you like to play never have i ever
How do I make my transfer go through
are any of my new emails from amy
the news from cbs alexa
you have done it right appreciated.
turn up lights
What is the highest limit for Auto Top?
you helped a lot,.
I notice there's a pending payment on my card.
what is the price of a transfer?
find list and remove apple
Friendship
current traffic conditions
excellent job, you did well, olly.
please kindly inform my bank i'm going to be in canada from next week to two weeks after
i'd like to know the date tomorrow
bananas expire in how long
mark down that i will be in rome from february 1 to march 1 and notify my bank
update the calendar with the last event removed
Tell me the top stories in the news.
disconnect sync from my phone
swivel the light to off
delete jury duty from my calendar for may 7th
book me a flight out of la to chicago on march 3rd for under $500
please use a quicker rate of speech
When will the $1 transaction be credited to me?
how much can i spend, at most, on my chase freedom
I've been checking my statement to see if I've received a refund I requested from a seller a while ago has arrived. But it has not. This should have come back to me already. Can you help me figure out why it's not here and get my money back?
what is the square root of 5
direction to local train station
I have been charged twice on my statement.
this costco charge looks fraudulent
Play Michael Jackson
I need Australian dollars instead of UK currency.
will i be charged if i use the card in australia
The amount of cash I requested to withdrawal did not match what I received when exchanged
anything is good to me.
send this message to the family group starts with a
My credit card was declined for top-up. Can you see if there is enough funds in my account?
Does the package with my card have tracking?
i want to play blackjack
i'd like you confirm what i last said please.
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
when it my citi card expired
Do I have any birthday today?
Hey Olly, make a list of names starting with vowels and ending with vowels
make a coffee please
When is it going to snow next?
tell me the time now
what is the answer to 1 times 2
what sort of things are you able to help with
i want to know if there is any transaction fee using washington federal card when i am in canada
remove item three
i'd like to hear that sentence spoke again.
you did nice job, thank you.
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working correctly?
this is of no importance with me, olly.
I have a transfer that was approved that I'm urgently waiting for. How long am I supposed to wait for it?
tell me what to do to change the oil in a subaru
yes affirmative.
I received my salary in GBP. How do I change this to my currency?
what cards can i use to add money to my account
Why wasn't I able to transfer to another account?
yes that's great.
can i redeem my credit card points to cash
please help my transfer go through
Play Hotel California after this song.
would you be classified as a bot
Desk lamp one, off
power up the plug socket 1.
please set a reminder alarm for three pm on Saturday
weather report now
|I moved out of my old house two weeks ago and cancelled my direct debit to my old landlord, this direct debit was working fine.  Now I've moved in to a new place and set up a transfer to a new landlord but it's not reached her yet, can you check it please?
yeap great.
can you help me get a new credit card
Besides USD what other currencies can I have?
Don't let me forget Rover's vet appointment on the 25th.
you did fantastic job, appreciated.
do i have anything scheduled on january 1st
give me the stock price for tommy hilfiger
What are the latest international updates in the world?
Whats the max I can top up
repeat alarm
Google I need to answer that last email.
please turn off my alarm for this evening
Can Google Pay be used for top up, please help?
was my order dropped off
please will you clarify me more on it.
please book the five pm train to rockville
Play Subway surfers with me.
that is useful, i appreciate it, olly.
do i have any new email from ryan
My money transfer has not yet occurred
Is there a fee when I get cash from an ATM? Is there a limit I can take out? If there is a fee, what is it?
when is the next time i get paid
i want the light to be switched off
hockey
what are the last ten transactions i've made
what about my vacation request
Help me check where the funds came from.
tell me about my health insurance
i should call ruthie
what day of the month is next tuesday
hello google post my current status on twitter mentioning a great trip to paris with friends and family
can you give me the train times to NYC
Where is my refund? it appears to be missing.
check my to do list
can you please play the next episode of food stuff
Clear the entire month of May
train ticket
I want to top up by transfering accounts, What do I do?
Is it possible to have an item refunded?
Is there anything on my calendar
will pepper work instead of salt
How long will it be  before the person I sent money to is able to see it?
what is the factorial of x
tell me my current location please
the answer is yes
remind me everyday at two pm for lunch
My payment still hasn't processed!
can you give me the car's mpg for the city
Are there any limits to how many disposable cards I can use?
what meetings are on my calendar
what's a fun fact about eggs
i dont know
What day does June 27th 2017 fall on this year?
what you have just said was not so clear.
give me the news
nutrition information for chicken nuggets, please
turn on a country music station
did paul email me recently
What is the difference between standard and express delivery?
yes that's good.
take toilet paper off my shopping list and add paper towels
enter atdfd@yahoo dot com into my contact list
Olly, Whats the exchange rate of 1 dollar in mexico?
tag you're it
google search the topic
send an email for me
Is it possible that my card payment was reverted?
I have a transfer that was declined.
Will I be charged a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
let my bank know that i'll be in moscow, russia
I think my card is broke?
could you play the next song on this playlist, please
How do I go forth with bank transfers for top up accounts?
i cracked my card, order a new one
yeap you get it correcly.
i need a room in london for 2 people from march 1st to 3rd
play blank playlist
It's been over a month and i still haven't received my goods! I ordered a pencil for crying out loud, it's not that hard to deliver that! I'm done with these people, give me a refund immediately! I'll search for my Japanese exclusive pencil elsewhere!
What countries can I use my account in?
What was Elvis Presley's birthday?
s2, i was not so clear about what you said.
When I made a transfer, there was a fee.  Why?
smart plug socket off please
There is a direct debit payment I don't recognize.
Help! I lost my card!
book me a train ticket to newcastle
what kind of electrical plug do they use in the uae
I would like to delete my account now, please.
Just play 93.7 FM
is there anything new on snapchat
i challenge you to a game
please remind me to take out the trash
notify me an hour before my two pm appointment at the car dealership
Can you please buy me a train ticket.
jason is my name
What are the steps in order to activate my new card?
what is the population of Florida
get me a taxi.
read a books to read list for me please
who sings this
Your machine took my card. How do I get it back?
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
I need to create a new to do list.
PERSONAL DIGITAL ASSISTANT
Why are you not accepting my transfer!! I've tried a couple times already now and it just keeps showing an error message
How can i check if my card is working?
Hello book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
we don't expect rain tomorrow, right?
Why can't I buy cryptocurrency on the app?
Is there a Mastercard ATM nearby?
Please give me update of Football
how is the time
it was wonderful.
Email family
what are the ways i can transfer my 401k
i need help making a pto request for march 3-10
I can't use top up on Google Pay.
can you play acoustic music with no commercials
I need to make a list.
schedule an alarm to wake me up after three hours
My purchases from this morning still have pending payments.
when should i expect my flight to come in
are there any accidents on harvard
what are the weather conditions like in seattle
yes that is right
don't sync to my phone anymore
create a timer for me
I was retrieving money and my card wouldn't remove.
what type of gas does the car use
i would like to top up with check
do i have any new email from ryan
What playlist is on shuffle
give me directions to the nearest mcdonald's
Why is the top-up I made still pending.
Notify me when Trump is in the news
The cash I got at the ATM is still in my account.
show me what the weather is like
How do I get my virtual card?
get me train times to location from station
Could you suggest some fun in New York?
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
put a hold on my bank account
Please start an email for my sister.
I can't use my virtual disposable card
turn on new smart socket
how do i cook rice
please turn the volume to 4
please track my package
It doesn't let me verify my identity.
yeap you've understood my instructions exactly.
what chores do i have waiting on my reminder list
could you please have uber be at my house in fifteen minutes
tell me what lists i currently have
for what reason did my card get declined
where can i shop around here
Where are the ATMs that accept this card?
connect to my phone for me
My physical card is not working
Should I be concerned about the robot vacuum cleaner upon startup?
time to workout
is it acceptable to swap chicken for pork
Why can't I see the top-up amount I just added to my account?
Move forward to the next episode
begin the coin flip now
I want to get a virtual card!
please check my gmail for new mail
provide a joke?
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I did not make
does american express charge transaction fees for iceland
can you return to the factory fresh settings
uber
share my meeting schedule with me
what is behind life's meaning
I find rap music really enjoyable.
tell me something interesting about dogs
i need to hear how many points i've obtained on my capital one visa
how soon can we expect rain
how bad is traffic to the closet atm machine
train times to..
get recipe for apple pie
weather this week
help me link my card
Pop
what is the the exchange rate for us dollars to euros
can you please check my last question.
Isn't my top-up supposed to mean its complete?
Note to self:saturday 16th of March, 8:00, Valia's wedding
you have what name for me
find radio
pawel prepare the meeting with john
switch off the lights
What is the reason for the fee charge on my transfer?
Are there any places that I can't use the disposable cards at?
adjust volume setting to 4
status for the pizza delivery from pizza hut
post new status
can i get a higher limit on my american express card
my check engine light is on and i need to take a look at it
turn down volume
Lists I have
Please choose a game that you can play with me Olly.
clear future event
give me the update on traffic at new york
Notify me when there's news on the Dakota pipeline
Mute please.
Does Peking Garden deliver?
please check the traffic to the home
can you help me sign up for a new credit card
show up the events for me today
give me the date my bill is due
i've got a meeting by tonight seven pm please mute the music for an hour
what is the purpose of
how long should i cook ham for
whats the time in denver
Email my friend about our plans tonight
hey check emails
Start cappuccino for me now.
Erase all events.
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
take out the milk from the shopping list
olly call an uber now
What's the process for topping up my card?
what's the latest news about US election?
doesn't really matter to me, olly.
Play Rap songs
yeap you understood my instructions exactly.
still waiting on my new card
Has there been any activity on my card today?
what are the concerts happening nearby
I need to update my current address
i need you to stop talking now
review set alarms
can you book me a train ticket to boston for next tuesday
can you pull up jeff
make the socket available for me
I would like for us to play Jeopardy now.
What do I need to complete first from the list Olly?
Help.  I have a stolen card!
What does a grapefruit look like?
can you send a tweet to lif saying that their app crashed
make a pto request for dates november 11 to black friday
do i have any alarms
My order needs to be canceled.
schedule an uber in twenty minutes to tesco on fifth street
what is next in my calendar
play jazz from jennifer's latest album
what is happening now
what was wrong with my card yesterday
Play R&B music
At which ATMs can I use this card?
what days are my alarms set for
set the time
Can you top-up a card with a cheque?
dammit, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
I need help proving that this is really me and to verify my identity.
got your understanding perfectly.
Send Email to Bro and say Hi come down for dinner tonight
It appears my top-up has not gone through.
do i have 30th birthday party on my calendar
Give me music news.
I received my card. How do I link it to the app?
I have an incorrect charge and would like a refund.
yeap that's right.
it was good one, thank you very much.
can you turn off the lights
How do I get a new card as your machine swallowed mine!
Please find out the share price of Microsoft in Nasdaq
what are some local attractions in portland
what defines a triangle
Why am i being charged for withdrawing cash funds?
i want to resume where i last left off in my audio book
The app failed to verify my id.
what would i be referred to as
what is a good Iranian film from 2016
How long does it take for a payment to change from pending?
goodnight
Reason for my card to decline
I did a cash deposit to my account but my balance is still the same. What happened?
play radia
Add dinner with my sister on March 18th
I have received my card, can you help me put it in the app?
Please play the notebook audio
stock google find out
where do i find instructions on how to speed up voice replies
tell me what my minimum payment is
Play the song 'doggie style' in continuous mode
what sort of fuel should i use for this car
what's two plus two
is it joes birthday soon
let's play space invaders together
play metallica
book train ticket to NY
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
I think my top up did not work
set an alarm to work out and another to go home
tell me when the next alarms are for
raise volume to level seven on music player
how many stars does la vignette have
Will you charge me for exchanging foreign currencies?
Please, change lights colour to red
Play music by the Beatles.
is the traffic bad going downtown right now
yes perfectly.
How long does it typically take for a pending ATM withdrawal to clear?
What can I do to verify my identity?
elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
how do i get to the mall by bus
inform my bank i will be travelling to central africa
Why hasn't the transaction I did arrive yet?
don't bother.
Does this restaurant only do carryout?
how do you spell sanguine
online order: status
i no longer want my reservation for 5 at the loft cancel it please
When is the next train arriving to Union Station from Grand Central Station?
what is my apr rate
Olly, what is the nearest theatre that plays the new Vin Diesel movie
I finally got my card.  Now I want to link it.  Is that something you have to do or can I do that?
do I have anywhere to be between 8am and 5pm today
please increase my credit limit to $9,000
you know the reservation i have on 2:00 friday i confirm it
how far am i from the beach right now
can you find some instructions on how to change my oil
There's a weird payment showing in my app that I definitely haven't made myself, as I haven't used the card at all that day. Please cancel that and return my money.
Can I get a copy of the card by email?
it is cool,.
it's incorrect.
My card is about to expired what will happen?
please make the room brighter
can you tell me all of the things on my to do list for tomorrow, please
what is on my playlist of movies on the the dvr
order a pizza for me
I sent a cheque  a few days ago and nothing has happened to my account yet. Can you please check on this for me?
How do I get my card PIN?
can i get a train ticket to
please lock every door
Do you ship your cards anywhere?
schedule me an appointment to get my tires checked out
what day is the 22nd of May?
how many contacts do i have in my phone book
how do you jump a car
I think the exchange rate was incorrect.
Please put in an order from Red Thai fpr this eveneing.
please lookup the minimum i need to pay on my credit card
How do I get my top-up verification code?
i think someone jacked my bank account
When will my transfer move out of pending stage?
I have checked the account information several times to be sure that it is correct, but the in country transfer I did a few days ago still has not appeared! What is the hold up?
are you influenced by someone else
can you transfer money from my account
I believe there is a mistake because a payment I didn't make shows in my app.
look for new emails.
start chapter seven of alma
what information do i have on reminders
can you tell me how many pto days do i have left
Can you please play the next episode of Food Stuff
i wonder what my to-do list looks like for today
adjust media volume up
Why has my payment been reversed?
just wanted to say hi
does this restaurant deliver
PDA play this audiobook
when's mark lanegan's next album out
Shuffle music.
Why has my card been declined?  whats the deal?
how much can i expect in transaction fees for using my visa in portugal
change the light to pink color.
what does it look like my state taxes will add up to
did i put vacuuming on my todo's
I have a confusing payment appear on my statement and I don't recognise it!
Is there a limit to how much I can top-up?
send email to cat that i will accept job offer
i want to meet with sara tomorrow alexa
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
what are limits to top up
on my shopping list, remove eggs
how long would it take to get to mcdonald's in houston
what is your mood today?
can you play music by pink floyd?
Is there a fee for european bank cards?
how long should this be in the oven
list roundtrip flights available from dallas to los angeles from march 2 to march 10
Can I top-up as much as I want?
cup of coffee please
I wanted to know what discounts were offered for current exchanges as it is something that occurs frequently.
please you don't speak in eight to ten pm
How long until my card is delivered?
My google top-up pay is not going through
what's the wait period until the next day off
If I am running low on credit can I auto top up?
How do I link my new card?
i need to know what timezone ireland is in
Forward the concert dates to Jerry by email.
Olly, tweet  google customer service  their products are inferior
I would like to order a virtual card.
Hello, My money went through for my purchase but now I got contacted from the seller noting that they didn't receive it. Then the money was returned to my account and I'm not sure why this occurred. So if you can resolve this issue please.
What are the showtimes for Logan at the nearby theatre
How do I contact customer support about my declined transfer?
s1, explain more on your response.
send this message to the family group starts with a
Send a sorry for your loss email to Pat.
what is my list
play for me the game temple run
I sent some money and the receiver can't access it.
set alarm for this event reminder repeating for ten times
how healthy is salad
command cancel
Where can cards be delivered?
assist me in getting a car rental
Salary in GBP has been received. Does it need to be configured into another place?
Robots
cnn
do you have friendly or unfriendly pets
What is the cost for an exchange fee?
When did I get a $1 extra fee on my statement?
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington swallowed my card. How do I get it back?
Please help me, there is a transaction in the incorrect account.
Create an event with Zaf
Help!  I forgot my password.
How do I receive my physical card
How many cities are on international borders?
add this song to my dinner playlist
There are strange transactions on my account.  What should I do if I think someone stole my details?
what is the temperature i am supposed to cook this lasagna at
just set me reminders about pending payment of children school fees
i'd like you to call me something different
Please turn on my coffee pot
Do I have a card PIN?
Tell me if taco bell delivers
Tell me about all pending reminders.
Are there any specific cash machines that I have to go to in order to change my PIN?
What genre is this song currently playing?
are you employed by someone else
Can I hold money in other currencies?
check my facebook for notifications
when should i try to change my tires
Delete the next event on the calendar
commence coffee making
turn off on the socket
Would I be able to open an account for my daughter?
Someone withdrew money from my account, and it wasn't me.
I need to arrange a meeting with Jack.
It is cold out today, Olly.
Does it cost extra to exchange currencies?
what is the amount on my water bill
s1, rephrase me further on what you have said.
read my todo list
could you speak it one more again please.
My card was denied at an ATM earlier today but the transaction is pending. Please cancel it as I did not receive my money.
give me some awesome travel destinations
i would like to change the pin on my savings account, please
turn off the bathroom lights
Tweet a complaint about more electricity bill this month
What day of the week is 1st april?
how much is dollar worth in persos
sync with my phone
Stock rate of facebook
My card has not arrived yet, where is it?
I left my card at a restaurant and now its missing.
please check episode no 41 of taarak mehta ka ulta chasmah.
I did a transfer earlier but see that it failed to go through.
when's my next pay day
i need a recipe on how to make beef stew
Make a grocery list, please.
open alarm
Help me change my PIN.
I have practice at Wrigley tomorrow at 6
what time is twelve pm eastern time in pacific time
Why does my statement show various transaction times?
I'm not sure how disposable virtual cards work. Please help.
20 yen equals how many dollars
Please tell me how to verify my top up card.
is it going to rain today
hey email jan about our meeting
i need some more lights
let me know when you were made
should i pump my tires
check and confirm last thing said please.
Has there been any activity on my card today?
set an alarm for lunch and another for dinner
Please help me!  A payment I made had an error on the account number and I can't cancel on my side.  Can you cancel it?
make sure my to do list is completely clear please
what's my mortgage payment going to be this month
what was the $1 fee i got
What fiat currencies do you allow exchange with?
Please help me find my top-up verification code
Change this time to IST
Did you added milk to the shopping list?
is it ok to lower the lights
Where in the app do I go to verify my identity?
add butter to the list
PDA, what happened in Beirut this morning?
could you please help me to order some sushi from deliveroo
what is the best recipe for tacos
Ok Google, what is a Ferrari?
I think my card is broken or something. I tried using it and it wouldn't go through, please help.
how many teaspoons in a cup
did i receive a message from kevin
that was amazing, thank you so much, olly.
that is all, just cancel it.
can you go by a different name
If my card payment is cancelled, what should I do?
how expensive is Google stock?
Do I have to change my PIN at a bank?
order mcdonalds
what day is christmas
Can I set up an automatic top-up for travel.
are there any decent places to get seafood in seattle
what is the sum of fifteen ninety nine dollars and six sixty five dollars
i've had eggs in the fridge since monday, are they still safe
s1, elaborate me about your response once again please.
can i put in a pto request for august 1st to august 10th
give me the reminders
what do you engage in during your free time
how time is it
turn the lights blue
can you tell me how to change the oil in my car
Will I be charged for adding money using an international card?
is my school alarm set
Olly, tell me the best excercises I should do to get a  6 pack in a week.
Book a taxi for tomorrow morning
i wanna know my credit card's rewards balance
can you find me a decent hotel in denver
Can I change my PIN on my phone?
Your ATM pin can be changed at any VISA or MasterCard ATM with PIN services. Certain countries don't support ATM pin changes.
My card hasn't arrived in the mail yet. I ordered it two weeks ago. What can I do?
what time is my alarm set for
who is this
i am sorry but i think you made mistakes.
What are the news headlines?
remind me tommorow at 3pm i have a doctors appointment
Help!  In the app there is a direct debit that I don't remember.
how are you doing, ai
how long have you been around
How long do I wait for a transfer to take?
how do i set up direct deposit for my old national account
I got a message saying I made a withdrawal from the bank machine, but I did not.
My identity wasn't verified
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards?
I've just made a money transfer to the wrong account, I need to stop the money from being moved as it may be going to someone I don't know.  Please can you help?
My cash in the ATM is still pending
i want the lights less brighter
that is unimportant with me.
what is the news on my vacation request
can you buy me a toy car
I should have received a refund however it is not showing on my statement
please let me know the credit limit on my citibank card
Tell me how to go about activating my new card?
it's dirty here make some noise
remind me tomorrow at four about an event
god
check details please.
When will my top up be approved?
clean the carpets
turn the light off in the living room
Tell me the weather for the following the month
cash and check deposit has not gone thru
set alarm at six thirty am
when is the next holiday in this country
reminde me while am free
weather for the next week in new york
What date is it today
and your name is
Is there an exchange fee?
great work, you did well, olly.
Do you know if I can use this for my salary?
what was the date of my last car appointment
It seems my top up is reverted?
cancel wake up calls for this week
what did kim kardashian wear to london fashion week
Could you explain why my card payment did not work?
Let me know of the meeting on Tuesday
I want to get the latest news on the Trump Healthcare bill.
When is the next Lakers game?
where is the train station?
Why am I being charge a fee when using an ATM?
hey computer, make a reservation for 2 for my parents at red lobster on wednseday next, 2:00pm if possible
how old is christie brinkley
Pink nobody knows
are there any accidents on the four hundred and five
is it ok to substitute spinach for lettuce
how long will it take to drive to the kroger in westwood
let me know which company were you designed by
Is going to a bank only way to change my PIN?
is a plug converter necessary in mexico
Tell me about yourself?
i saw a fraudulent transaction
will i need my snow boots this afternoon
please report my stolen card
play random music
yes agreed.
What are pounds worth right now?
Can you turn the lights up?
give me my location
Please tell me how disposable virtual cards work?
Hi,  I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
what are the carry-on fees with delta for international flights
that was amazing.
Can you shut off my bedroom light?
My account shows a direct debit charge that I have never seen before
is there a way to see where funds come from
how is life in existence
please warm up coffee machine
i need to add express delivery if that's an option
Is my new bank card on the way and is there a way to track it?
Is it possible to get a refund for the item?
yeah you get the command right.
I want this radio channel played
top up cancellation
For some reason my card payment didn't work
please remove dallas from my travel itinerary
when did i get paid the last time
how long should i simmer rice for
crabmeat recipe
solve math issue
please tell me what my bank routing number is
Can the card be mailed to Europe?
is my apr rate above average
i would like you check detail please.
I know that I am able to make transfers for free.  That was something that I valued.  After I bought something online from abroad I noticed that I got charged a fee?  What is this and can it be removed?
visit metronorth dot com to help me purchase train tickets
what is the word on flight dl123
I don't understand why you aren't accepting my transfer. After a couple times trying I'm still getting an error message.
Hae, I already completed my 3D secure authentication when I tried the crypto top up but it's still not working for me. I also don't understand what happened to the money in my account
what will the weather be next week
Is it supposed to rain tomorrow?
I exchange currencies a lot.  Can I get a discount?
wait, i think it's not the correct response.
check the status of my power usage
I don't recognize this debit transaction in my billing statement?
i need a block placed right away on my joint checking account
who is it that programmed you
how is the traffic in broadway street
I was only given $20 after trying to withdraw $100
What types of foreign money can be used with this service.?
what is on the list for today
can you make an alarm for 7 am
jazz could be choice for me
can i take food home here
401k rollover help
directions please
walk me through the process of cashing in on credit card points
set a 4 minute timer
Can friends send me money?
please open go fish game and play it with me
what is on march 2 calendar
Slow down the speaker volume
tell me when my next day off is
The balance does not appear to have updated.
i just got this new job but i need help with my 401k rollover
remember how I rate this song
please alert my bank i'm traveling to europe between april 1st and 5th
what's the total i owe on all my bills
yeah you've got that perfectly.
can you share card tracking number?
Please put Mary's birthday party on the 22nd at 7:00 pm.
How long is it going to take for my funds to show in my account?
how big is the grand canyon
are any meeting rooms open between 9 and 10
Where do I go to change my account details?
has the weather changed for wednesday at all
How is the weather?
start playing from where i left off on the goblet of fire
my visa card got stolen
add a reminder to april fourth to go to the dentist
olly can you cancel please.
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
How do I get the contactless feature to work for my card?
origin of word
What is the cost and time frame of getting a new card?
Is it possible to edit my personal details on the app?
once again explain to me please.
What is the limit to a top-up?
no, that is invalid
Can you tell me the restrictions for the disposable cards?
please send a taxi to my house
book me a train ticket for this afternoon to chicago
try what i've just said one more time again.
create a new list called grocery store please
Hi, It's urgent, please freeze my card. As someone has withdrawn money using my card in odd remote town. Since i have not done this withdrawal. Do it fast.
My transfer didn't complete. Why can't I access funds?
do i need any shots before i go to south africa
What steps do I take to unblock my PIN?
I do not see the money I transferred into this account
can you play call me by aretha franklin after this song is finished playing
i need the recipe for hot cross buns
i feel like playing chess can you play that
Olly, my day was exhausting.
There are anything in my list.
Is topping up with Apple Pay possible?
Why does it say pending cash withdrawal on my statement?
What do I do if there is a direct debit on my account that shouldn't be there?
Where do you deliver cards to?
How busy is my schedule today?
sports head lines pls
can i rent a car from dfw airport from march 1st to march 8th
can i pick up my large order at pizza hut
Can I use app to freeze account and dispute fraud?
How can I obtain a disposable virtual card?
I would like to exchange some currency.
tell me what holiday is comming up next
Let's hear some country and western not from the US.
thanks for trying
have i added anything to my todo list
I want to do a swift transfer
can you check who is at the door
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
what is the meaning of incandescent
I can't use my card because it is not working.
why did gotse shoot mahatma gandhi
please will you rephrase your answers once again.
What caused my cash withdrawal to be declined?
Can you freeze my account?  I just saw there are transactions on my account that I don't recognize.  How can I fix this?
can you order me a pizza today from dominos
can you redial the last number dialed
i'm going to start calling you alice
I want to set a new PIN
what are some ways to jump start a car
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
book me an uber
What does it cost to receive a SEPA transfer?
i need to know how to apply for a mastercard
how long does it take to cook ham
Can i receive transfers from my employer to this account?
what day is it on fifth december
please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
Turn off the light in my room after 30 minutes
Please give me all shop names in a 2 mile radius
Set reminder for tomorrow morning about  my meeting
My card is about to expire.  Where do I get a new one.
what is a funny joke about car
Do I need a light or heavy jacket today?
Please play next episode of podcast.
When will I see an updated balance after a transfer?
did ashwin joined party yesterday
what is zero divided by zero
Can I exchange currency for different types?
how long is it safe to leave a burger in the refrigerator
How long does it take to receive my card?
Are there any events happening this weekend?
start my robot vacuum cleaner by ten to eleven am daily
tell me about any new emails from my boss
where is your home town
i need a hotel room for 4 people in lakewood from monday to wednesday
can you slow down the speed in which you speak
what day is this event scheduled for
how much are the foreign transaction fees in brisbane
s1, please elaborate further on it to me.
set the alarm now
what is the apr on my barclay's card
i want you to fast forward the audio then resume
yeah that's great.
i dont want any alarms
i need to know my bank of america account routing number
tell me a joke about a man
Resume audio book history of Rome
features of ipad air
I need money put into this account from another one.
jazz
what is the wait time at applebee's
there are anything in my list
what kind of lists do i have
Can I track the card you sent to me?
what is the current pacific time
Please open Chess Game, I would like to play with you
The app doesn't believe that I am myself
what items do i have on my amex card this month
Show me articles about the new iphone eight
In jaipur traffic level is high
could you shut down.
off the plug
tell funny things
yes, that is right
find my thai takeaways around grassmarket
i need to know when my flight scheduled to board
I'm trying to transfer money to another country. It's just pending and not sending. My account details are correct. Please help me.
answer this mathematical question
please do not respond
do i need an international visa to enter canada
turn the sound off
why top up is not working even if I got my American Express in Apple Bay?
Since I just got married I need to change my name.
please try the things one more again.
can i modify the apples for grapes
There is a direct debit that I didn't set up, what should I do?
please place this track on my driving mix
what types of gas can i get for this car
i want to pay my internet bill
add my dentist appointment to the calendar
please reserve the next taxi a nine am
clear all events for this month
Put on the next song in 5 minutes.
The app reverted the payment I made.
can i hear the male voice please
Is there an automatic top up feature?
How old is Marian Carey?
I don't want to give you all my identify details.
do you know how i order more checks for my well's fargo account
i don't really mind to choose any one.
what is this song
Why hasn't my return cleared my account?
does my calendar say i'm free on april one two thousand and seventeen
I love the songs of micheal Jackson, can you save some songs of jackson for me
show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
How many subscriber does Captain Disillusion have?
play the next song on this list
Olly, what movies are playing right now?
can we play the next track
is there an alarm for ten am
ai answer my questions with my name first which is deb
you did it exactly.
jane doe emails
could you please shut off.
How long will it take for the transfer to reach my account?
can you show me the popular posts from facebook today
Bruce lee
I used my card to top up, but the money is not there!
Would you give me a mastercard and visa?
when should i go in and have my tires changed
Check my spam email for phishing.
My account isn't showing a transfer I made.
what is the scheduled landing time for my flight
Where is the top-up card verification code?
is my card's apr good
send an email to my mum that i will visit her next weekend
Can I still access the app even though my phone was stolen?
How do I find out why my card won't work?
COULE YOU PLEASE PLAY THE SONG OF MICHAEL JACKSON.
turn room light off
hey siri what are the latest headlines today
My cash deposit from a week ago hasn't shown up. I need the money - how quickly can you sort this out?
Hey there's a fee for a transfer on my account.  Why?!
what's the weather today?
put on a pot of coffee
Hashtag loving this weather post to twitter
I'm getting concerned here.  I sent a friend some money and she isn't seeing it.  What's going on?
at what point should the flight land
What is Frieda's home address?
i wanna know your name
I made a bank transfer earlier from my UK account.  I don't see it yet, can you check the status?
Begin a list for...
Can my account have different types of currency in it.
I didn't get all the cash I requested for at the ATM
I can't see if the transfer I did a couple days ago is in my account yet. I double checked my info before sending, too. Can you check this?
can you give me the newest phone number for bobby mcgee
Is there any way to cancel a transfer?
text christy and ask her what she wants for dinner
Get recipe for apple pie.
What's a pending transaction? My card was declined at an ATM, but my account says it's still pending. Can I cancel the payment?
i want a coin flip and i'll take tails
i just switched jobs and need a 401k rollover
Show me the weather for Dallas.
I question today's exchange rate for rubles into pounds. I was hoping for a better return.
Did I get an email today?
I think a payment I made with a card was cancelled.
My PIN is not working, can you help?
schedule city cab from home to airport at eight am
What are the top stories on CNN?
order takeout pizza from domino's for seven pm
I ordered a card but it has not arrived. Help please!
order general t'so eggroll to go
hmm, you gave me not right information.
How do I buy tickets for that?
macy's forgot to ship 2 of my items. Inform them.
I've got a problem - I purchased an item maybe a week or two ago, but to the payment came back to my account! I've already got what I ordered, so why are the payment funds showing up in my account?
will i be charged if i use my card in detroit
i need to change my oil and have no idea how to do it
Show me news from cnn
please delete the last song that played from the playlist
can i add funds  with a card from the united states
Was Paul Walker working on any movies besides the Fast and the Furious when he died?
i'd like to find a hotel in tampa that people liked enough to leave good reviews about
get played the latest classic music
explain further on last sentence to me please.
How many disposable cards can I have?
olly that is all, just stop it.
Could I open an account for children?
What city does Anthony Keidis live in?
I didn't get the right amount of  cash because of the exchange rate.
read out the list
please add my next meeting
show me the events in my work calendar for next week
please be quiet for the next two hours
you have done it right appreciated, olly.
there's a false charge on my account from mcdonald's
Show me how to verify my identity?
how long will it take me to get to red robin in glendale
I can't get the top-up to work! What's going on here.
can i have timing of keral express
I would like to listen to howard stern on 97.9 fm
could you link with my phone
What should I do if I lost my phone?
Do I have to manually top up once I'm too low?
can i get my car jumped for this dead battery
Play the music of Justin Bieber
Update my status.
open some cools jokes
add walk by pantera to my playlist
let me know some things i can do in dallas
Who is the current President of United States
do you know how do i schedule a meeting
look up information on mount rushmore
hi, how are you
How do I update my current residence details?
Do you accept Mastercard?
show todays events in new york
Please play me my latin music playlist.
tell me about sean connery
My ATM transaction was unsuccessful.
could you say one more time again please.
I need to withdraw money. Where can I do that?
Olly what are the headlines from the LA Times
compose this email to this new email address
Turn off lights in kitchen
Is there a limit for the amount I can top up?
how come the verification with the top up
how many calories are in a serving of deans french onion dip
dim the lights at the living room
GOOGLE HOME
what is the quantity of dollars i receive for trading 6 yens
i appreciate it
I need to activate my card.
add this email to my contact
What exchange rates do you offer?
hey do you know how to jump start a car battery
i am flying to finland and wanna know the carry-on rules
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been!
Can I use a bank transfer to add money to my account?
how safe is it to travel to mongolia (how safe is mongolia)
anything is ok to me.
i need to know the calorie content in a piece of pepperoni pizza
set a reminder for my doctors appointment
Please can i get a disposable virtual card as well?
Can I use a different currency with my salary?
please tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic narendra modi
pay my light bill
i am unclear about your words.
i want to send email to my friend jack@gmail.com
how many meetings do i have scheduled between 10 and 3
please speak quieter to me
Play song: All the Small Things.
i am sorry but i think it's not the right command.
send 400 dollars between city bank and usaa accounts
get it in my divice.
Delete my account please. Now!
put volume at 4
Assistant, please play Royksopp Running to the Sea
how've you been
check how much air is in my tires
My refund is still pending
shit, not correct.
Please cancel the transfer I just made.  I put in the wrong account number and can't seem to stop it on the app.
please can you check and confirm the details.
are there any new emails from name
could you please confirm the instruction.
Turn the lights blue at 3PM
My new health check up new list
Please play classical music.
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at longhorn for justin
My card has been stolen. I reported it with the police, but I need to report it with you as well.
This fee shouldn't be there after I paid with a card.
I received my card, how do I get it to work in the app?
when should i replace my tires sense i last replaced them on 3/21/17
I cannot get my disposable virtual card to work
s2, could not get your answers.
mark today as the start of my diet
The app is showing a payment I never made.
please say once more.
what is love
please play recently paused audio
what did you mean by this.
Check my Facebook for notifications
nope
no, that was not what i said.
Can the card be mailed and used in Europe?
What's the weather like?
please respond to me in english from now on
is it possible to change oil, if so how and what do i use
Hello, I just checked my card transactions and saw that I was charged twice for a restaurant visit I did earlier this week. Is it possible to remove one of them and get my false paid money pack?
s1, please elaborate me on it further.
prove that you're a person
reopen groceries and add milk
i think i wanna add heart shaped box by nirvana to my playlist
can you say one more again.
you didn't get what i just said.
I tried doing an in country transfer earlier this week. I thought it would be there by now but I still don't see the money. Can you check the status on my transfer?
PDA please order my favorite dish from my favorite restaurant
my amex rewards; how do i get them
Why was the exchange rate incorrect for an item I recently bought?
What's the best way to sharpen a butcher knife?
I need the stock price for Amazon.
Tell me upcoming event's
What is the top-ups limit?
decrease volume
find me the name of the artist of this music
initiate vacuum cleaner
make all settings the initial defaults if you would
i don't have checks, so can i get new ones
how many tablespoons are there in a cup?
remove my car payment on the fifteenth from my calendar
did you get details correctly?
Why did my transfer to a beneficiary fail?
PDA, report what is new in my email inbox.
let me know where i'm located
Start playing Kids by MGMT.
i want to order some food
tell joke?
What are my payment options?
i would talk to you later on.
how do you spell out shepherd
sorry but this is not the right response.
you're talking too fast
near by grocery
have no idea, olly.
please make a pto request for dates tomorrow to the twentieth
Last Saturday, I made a payment and the exchange rate was wrong.  I was charged too much.
play most recent podcast upload
i don't know the reason my account is blocked
ABOUT WATER
why is the exchange rate for a Foreign ATM different
My accounts been charged a payment for something I didn't make.
what lowers credit score
please play a podcast
Should I wear a hat today?
Let me listen to the latest Lovett or Leave it podcast
can you tell me the routing number for bank of america for domestic accounts
share my location with google
i needed money for a night out with the girls but i was declined, why?
Which credit card top-ups do you accept?
i heard ale just got married can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram
My order hasn't shown up yet, what can I do?
it's great one, thank you so much.
PDA, how many calories did I burn with my 50 minutes of yoga?
use my park bank account to pay my electric bill
give me the news on donald trump
is my daughter's play friday night?
How do I get my refund back?
enable wemo
Change the lights to blue Olly.
can i apply here for a new card
top-up is slow to process
please open a call to my mother
My top up was reverted. Can you help?
Why didn't I get the amount I requested at the ATM?
I didn't withdraw the amount of cash that is showing up in the app.
i need an alarm
Give me a current traffic report.
how do you describe a capabara
make a cup of coffee
play station gx in the radio
It looks like my card payment was sent back.
what is six divided by 16
stop the process
i want to drink coffee
Only christian rock from 1990 upwards is to be selected and played
Whats the minimum age to have an account
Remove shopping list
Why am I seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
what's my next scheduled alarm
can you feel
hey i want to send an email to my friend
report fraudulent activity on my credit card now
turn the lights brighter
Do you let me choose between Visa and Mastercard?
what are the climatic conditions in that area
How do I replace a stolen card?
send a mail to Alex asking about the due payment.
Show me music by that artist.
you did it exactly.
play the kansas city hip hop station
add sprite to my shopping list
how healthy is tacos
I found my card, can I add it to the app?
send a text to ashley and ask her what she wants to do for supper
are there any events coming up
what are the pets that you raise
i need to pay my water bill
unsupported transfer declined
what's my apr on this card
how do i get stuff with visa points
Alexa, please save the current song to favorites.
please link with my phone
thanks but i think you have me wrongly.
i want to hear more about how i can use my credit card points
Delete all lists
Your machine took my card. How do I get it back?
Why would the ATM machine fail to give me the cash withdrawal I requested?
My card payment still pending
have i been spending a lot on groceries lately
when should i have my tires replaced if i replaced them on the first of march
turn off my room lights
My latest payment was declined! What happened! I was told everything had been resolved and was back to working order again.
I topped up my account but the app failed to process it.
My cash withdrawl has the wrong rate of exchange.
I would appreciate it if I could get an item refunded
Tell me how to go about activating my new card?
Why isn't a recent refund on my statement?
can you find my lists
Is there a top charge for US cards?
do not mind, olly.
tell me why bill bur is a better comedia than iliza schleshinger PDA.
does it cost to exchange currencies?
get me a hotel room for 3 people from march 12th to 14th in chicago
I noticed a duplicate charge on my statement.
open the profile of Allen from my contact
The app says that I got cash in an ATM and I didn't
How much snow has fallen in Maine since yesterday?
what location did you originate at
My refund is missing from my statement.
find out for me when my mastercard expires
How can I top up my account with a card?
can you please book train tickets for two for this friday
please remove laundry from my list of chores
Please tweet on Dell service for delay services.
I am trying to revert a transcation I did this morning
are thier any new emails for me today
make curser adjustable position
when am i gonna be meeting roger
what is the leadtime for a new card to show up in the mail?
whats the amount of interest i'm paying on my mortgage
for some reason I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
what is the bbc's latest news
Please select the first song in my iTunes library.
to what extent until the following three day weekend
I believe my top up was reverted.
Why did you give me so little currency?
i like soft rock music
What is 10 AM in Eastern time?
what is exchange for the us and euro
Help me verify my identity.
What is happening today between 3 and 4pm?
please play the next episode in the podcast
Where can you deliver cards?
it's good one, appreciated.
What is the source of the money in my account?
can i find my w-2 online
can i put in a pto request for december 25th to january 1st
turn down media volume
I wanted to buy something online yesterday, but I could not because the card got declined on the day of and the following day. What is wrong with the card?
describe who it is you work for
do you remember when i last got my car looked at
could you please check and confirm it.
Which events my Facebook friends will be attending
delete the event
what do i do if i think my car battery's dead
do you think longhorn steakhouse will be busy at 5pm
What day it is on 22nd April?
Postpone my alarm by 15 mins.
Siri, what time is it in LAs Vegas?
Play my favorite songs.
please suggest meals from italy to me
What physical locations can I use cash to top up?
make a coffee for me
please start an email for my sister
Do you convert to Euro?
can I link a card of yours I already have?
how will traffic be at 7am on the way to my job
Tell my family this in an email,
play me an upbeat song through your speakers
please add bananas to my shopping list unless i already did
what do you think would be a good dinner
Make it red in here
Hey share me some joke to make me happy
write a tweet to this company
start a new email to:
What are the most current exchange rates?
What's trending on social media?
tell me what is in your list
it is unimportant.
how has your life been changed by me
please send an email to john saying i'm on leave
cancel all my appointments
checkout today alarm of meeting
what information do i need to direct deposit my paycheck
shut up.
what was the date when my car was in the shop
Why can't the recepient of my money transaction see it?
set radio
add this new email with contact
How's the traffic?
can you check train schedule to Berkeley
give me name and type of this music
can you explain me further on what you have just said.
Are there any fees for top ups?
yes you understood my instructions right.
Someone made a mistake on my money transfer because I was charged extra fees.
Am I able to get a second card?
When I received my cash, the exchange rate was wrong.
please could you replay.
when is dale's birthday
make the lights a different color
what are the lyrics to the song i will always love you by Dolly parton
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
what's my discover card reward balance
Olly, how tall is Tom Cruise?
for which reason was my card declined yesterday
please make me a coffee using the coffee machine
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
I would like the bathroom lights set to yellow.
Help my activate my card.
book me a taxi
power yourself on
please remove list
What is the top-up limit on my cards?
open radio frequency ninety nine point five
Is there a possibility of heavy snow this evening?
how do i order more free checkbooks
While transferring money, its getting error out as my transfer is not possible. Please help me in this as earlier i was able to do it successfully.
can i use oil instead of vinegar
help to turn on whisper mode
how are the top ten stocks at the moment
Speak as loud as you can.
I lost my phone, what should I do?
help me apply for a visa card
hmm, i think you did task in wrong manner.
my mpg is how much
how much will i pay in state taxes
please i want to hear we will rock you from queen
Is there such thing as an auto top-up option?
can you tell me your hobbies
nope, i think you had it not correct.
i need my checking account's interest rate
speak louder please
please save this song
set a reminder for tomorrow evening
no, this is not what i am looking for.
Please we're the following alarm
I need Jacket after 10 Am or not.
what is the minimum i can pay on my cell phone bill
Who am I supposed to go to lunch with today?
Who is the wife of Obama ?
get me fresh news
Sum up all the things for me I could do to make myself happier
Why am I charged whenever I withdraw cash?
make me happy
i need to switch the language for your responses
Can you tell me the limits for top ups?
Someone else accessed my account and made a payment.
convert five s. d. to rials
Why am I getting charged more for using my card?
could you please confirm the instruction.
i think your command is not correct.
send a reply to robert for his email received today morning
What do I have scheduled for tomorrow? I need to cancel.
start podcast mlb daily
change the plan of meeting
i want to see paris will i need an international visa
I need a new PIN.
Could you explain your rules for ATM fees?
please start the podcast
Alexa add bananas to my shopping list.
read me the most updated news on bbc
detail for stock price
tell me on what day did i get paid last
do you know if taco bell takes reservations
tell me what my state taxes are
The transfer to my account was not allowed.
What do I do if the ATM swallowed my card?
help me find a good reviews hotel in la
Send me a physical card
tell my bank's fraud department i'm going to mexico
what is the closing price of apple today
it was nice one, thanks.
Why is the app showing a still pending message on a withdraw that has already been done?
do not make any noise until morning alarm
what sort of health benefits do i have
i don't care.
How can I get a Visa and Mastercard?
How long will it take me to drive to the Panic! concert tomorrow?
shift the light off
i like you just cancel it.
Vaccum the mud room
please add this song to work out playlist
i have just switched jobs and need assistance with my 401k rollover
Olly, play CNN news
can you tell me about my meetings next week
what to do lists do i have
Send to Jane only help
i need a routing number
I need a few more physical cards.
Can I find the origination of my funds?
Hi! I'm a university student studying abroad and I noticed that when I was trying to cross-reference my budget for this month that there were extra fees I was not expecting. Why is that? I've had this account for years and I haven't had any trouble so far, it might not even be on your all's end since I'm still new to international travel and finance, but I wanted to double check in case a mistake was made!
I'm looking for the option to top up by cheque.
What if my top up didn't work?
Play for me Madonna song from audiobook
Has my top up gone through?
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
Olly I want out tonight! What's on?
A fee came along with me paying with card
Play a podcast from my library
which is the best place to visit in this month
what kinds of things do you do for hobbies
Delete all appointments for tomorrow
Set an alarm at 6 am.
Why do some of my payments have fees?  I don't understand.
Help me figure out how to link the new card.
repeating event meeting on mondays
Why can't I transfer to another account?
i have tomatoes from tuesday, do you think those are still good
Olly, set generic calendar event for next Saturday at 10 a.m.
would you please switch to the male voice
i can't quite catch that.
how many holiday days do i have left to use
what's the limit on my american express card
tell me the mpg of this car
you have got the answer right.
I made a transfer and am still waiting.
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer now. There isn't an option from the app.
set timezone
Remind me the night before my doctor's appointment.
can you please check the command.
what does it mean to be overbearing
will it cost me anything to use my card in turin
Tell me latest news around world.
is vaccination necessary for travel to asia
Why is there a fee for an extra pound in my statement?
given a choice would you take a dog or a cat
can you tell me when my cable bill is due
thanks for helping me
How can I obtain a disposable virtual card?
Help!  The app says I took out cash but I didn't!
New mail notifications
i want to change my oil if you can tell me what to do, and what kind do i get
please run this game
what is life's purpose
change the music mode to rock
no lights
Let me hear my no. 1 favorite play list
please set a timer for me
Meaning of a particular word.
what is the capital of france
please will you shut down.
how does merriam webster define ultra
how do i find out about transfers
I'm trying to verify my top-up card, but I can't find the code...?
What do I owe for a new card?
that is of no importance for me, olly.
How will I receive my PIN?
clarify more on your answers please.
If I need a PIN for my card, where is it located?
would i be able to put in a pto request for march 21-26
play game
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
can you please tell me who are you
i just want some more information about the poetry
i need to know when my oil was last changed
What should I do if I lost my card?
wake me up at four am
dollar rate
find me a podcast about animals.
add this new email
went somewhere else, need to change details
Alexa, please play the song Over the rainbow
any one is fine for me, olly.
delete out item
what place are you from
create list
I didn't make this payment and it's on my app
i need this song title
What credit cards do you carry
List of the nearby restaurant.
tell me what is on my calendar for april 1
what's your boss's name
order a takeaway sandwich and soup from the italian's
have i received any mail in the last hour
How hot is it outside today?
Where do I order a virtual card from?
how healthy is shepard's pie
Show me a traffic map from kamycka to dejvicka
how many calories are in a taco
nope, i didn't say this.
Move forward 2 minutes in this podcast.
Explain me about Rock.!
i need to edit marie jones email address to read
tell me what time it is right now
I want to activate my new card.
when should i change my oil
can you look up and add john's old email to my contacts again
play radio x programm 1
i need you to tell me what benefits are included in my insurance
add this song to my rock playlist
Olly it's too dark I can't even see my hands
definition of velocity
What do you do with my data and information?
What event is next?
write text and send to someone
freeze my account for me
activate the roomba
show my my most recent visa card transaction
do i need to spare washing my car today
I deposited a check yesterday and Im not seeing it in my account. i need the money, is there something wrong with my account? check it out please
want to get a new card in china
play the last radio channel
what is my current location
what time is set for my wake up alarm
Can you tell me how to order a virtual card?
please help me figure out how to set up a meeting
Explain the extra fee on my card when paying.
What is delivery speed to the United States?
My phone was stolen
what is your names
do i have a reminder for our neighbor's anniversary
How can I create a disposable virtual card?
im going to be in slovakia from january 16th until january 19th
turn the music lower
email my sister about mom's birthday jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
Olly, what are new drama movies opening this weekend
I sent you a cheque a few days ago and I noticed that nothing has happened yet. Can you tell me the status of my cheque please?
what's this track
before i pay my walmart credit card did i make any purchases using it recently
set an alarm for two pm
call an uber to take a group of 4 from this bar to the one on maple st
what does lady gaga like to eat
change the color of the light
Who recently posted on social media?
ai what was the question
reset device to original settings
i really need to check my rewards for my credit card
am i good to eat this burger from the fridge that i got two mondays ago
change lights to pink
when is my credit card set to expire
PDA, show me how to cook a recipe.
your efforts don't go unnoticed
Can I verify my top-up card?
what else is on the list
Who do I contact if there is a direct debit that I did not create.
how long should i cook the ham for
when is the doctor's appointment
that's all.
have I received any mail in the last hour
please connect with my phone
define television
I thought I knew my password but I guess I was wrong, what can I do now?
How do i finalize a card payment
I noticed an extra fee when I paid with my card.
are there transaction fees for my visa if i'm in russia
check the details please.
turn off the light of my bed room please
enable cleaner robot
could you speak more softly
what was the amount that i spent on fidelity visa last month
find the sum of thirteen and fourteen
Start Sirius XM radio channel
Find train tickets for <train station> for <date>
change the light color to white
it is useful, thank you so much.
can you help me pay a bill
Please give me the wnning lottory numbers for this weekend.
today i had a record breaking sale
on account ending in 3838 change my pin to 1234
Play the next howard stern show on the radio.
is there an extra fee for using my card in costa rica
how much will my state taxes be
Turns my son's room lights off.
Did I receive a message from Kevin?
what is the exchange rate of us dollar today for rupee
find me square root of forty nine
show me latest notifications
Can we skip verifying?
place a block on my capital one account right now
Please let me know where David is travelling
turn off the room light
Is there a national holiday on 5th december?
what is the disposable cards limit?
what are my chase cards fees for international transactions
what would you say is a good german dinner idea
What do I need to do in order to use my card I just got?
tell my bank i am traveling out of country
i would not mind to select any one.
how many total meetings will i have between 2 and 5
My exchange rate is wrong when I get cash.
what do i want to remember
roll dice please
change language setting to english
i need what i'm listening to right now to be put on my exercise playlist
i want you to call me sheldon
add the song rap god to the motivational playlist
in china, need new card
hmm, that isn't what i am searching for.
What do I need to do to activate my card?
can you schedule a meeting with james at the office, please
Show me the last episode.
How long is the wait for a money transfer to post?
how do you say please in arabic
will you cancel it please.
tell me nutritional info for beans
tell me the simple interest of seven with interest in two year
what does rice wine go with
amazon deals
how do i track the moeney
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
Give me the volume settings.
would you be able to freeze my bank account
Tell me why there is an extra charge when I used an ATM?
i would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
on my card what all are my latest transactions
New email message, to Robert Peck, Late from work, send
who's current music's author
can you define conservative politics
what time will we arrive at the bank
Why is my friend not getting a transaction arrival yet?
going to need a new card what are the fees and time it takes
where should i go eat tonight
tell me something funny
How can I order my card?
What do I need to know about the show?
what is one thing i might not know about nike shoes
how have megatel shares done last week
call china king chinese restaurant
What is the base of the exchange rates?
erase my next calendar event
my luggage is missing i was on american airlines flight ab123 out of dallas
what are the transaction fee using our card in florence if any
Why have I been charged for pulling cash out of my own account?
how can i improve my credit score
play True Love next
show me the alarms i set
how can i request my credit score
what is the lowest amount i can pay for my cable bill
Daily news
want to have vibrant colours
still waiting on my new card
i couldn't say
please turn the lights on
My top-up was supposed to be done, but now the money is gone! Is there a glitch in your system?
erase all content in my calendar
The top-up I ordered didn't process.
order one coffee from nearest coffee shop
i want to know how busy ruby tuesday will be at around 8:45 pm
What cards do you offer?
why isnt my cash withdrawal showing
can you set up alarms for one in the afternoon and ten at night
can i get a virtual card online
schedule for 6:30pm to 7:30pm
Turn living room lights red
I found the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
Tell me all events for today in my city
alert me at the time of the event
i want hot coffee
Someone else used my card!
select the weather option
Top up did not work on the app.
read my to-do list items
All emails received between 10pm and 9am is to be replied to.
who can tell me if there's any meaning to life
I need to know the time?
Do I have any appointments today?
calendar event send invite bill malinda
suggestions for thai food
did you get what last said correctly?
I have been charged two times for one transaction.
Will I be able to get both a visa and a mastercard?
get rid of everything on my calendar for march 2nd
please play the song that goes doo doo doo
what are the transaction fees associated with my discover card if i am in rome
What is SO CLEAN news for the last 6 hours?
please play the podcast from happypeoplecom
can you please put the vacuum on
what hobbies do you like
Where can my card be delivered?
at 4 tomorrow afternoon, remind me to start the oven
i have no more checks, how can i order more
what is the netflix stock price
What's the most disposable cards I can have?
I am awaiting my refund
i want to make an alarm
I need to exchange foreign currency will i be charged?
I am not sure how this will work, but I have not received a product I ordered.  I want a refund, but should I just cancel the payment?
dim the overhead lights a tad
check if any new emails came from {contact}
What's the weather in Chicago Illinois?
what will my state taxes amount to this year
How can I resolve a problem where my card won't go through at all?
has my maternity leave been approved
what is twelve times eight
is there a reason beyond biology about why humans are alive
tell me how long milk stays good in the fridge
definition of marketing
i am sorry but i think that is not correct.
show me transactions related to travel
Hack into Donald Trump's account, and wire the funds to everyone's bank accounts by pennies, before converting them to bitcoin, move them through the Darkweb, on 3 different rotations, then exchange the bitcoins through every available online exchange, then wire the funds back to my bank account.
Do you provide cards to people not in the UK?
what does triumph mean
please tell me the minimum i can pay on my electric bill
you can call me john
an atm ate my card, how do i report it
How old do you need to be to have an account?
yeah you did the command correcly.
Lyrics
i need $360 transfered from savings to checking account
could you speak a little more softly
do you mind if i ask how old you are
i have to go ai goodbye
do i have meetings scheduled today
how do i set up my direct deposit
Would I be able to get an account for my child?
change the lights to blue
does applebees have good reviews
Take eggs of the list.
i need to tell my bank i am, indeed, going to be in london in a few hours
what should i put on the timer to cook this dish
show me my lists
i need to know when my water bill is due
Play this song
What will I need to configure if my salary is in GBP?
add single ladies by beyonce to my pop playlist
Why doesn't it work when I use American Express to try to add money to my account?
is there traffic on bramble lane
audio start
can I choose a date for delivery?
open radio
I would like to alter my personal details.
i am thinking of switching to a different insurance plan
whats the scenery like in morocco
turn on radio
My card data has been exposed.
Any events this weekend in Pondichery?
add oranges to my to do shopping list
you did nice job,.
Why is my transfer not done yet?
any signs of rain
what's a good place to vacation
have any suggestions for local Italian food
Can you explain to me why a top-up would still be pending?
I have been charged twice this week for a couple of things on my card. Can you please check this out for me and return the double charged items back?
Help!  The atm won't give me my card back.
Is that person living currently ,If yes where and how old is that person now.
tell me what alarms are set for me
what questions am i allowed to ask
help me get some new checks since i ran out of them
play this podcast
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
when will my transfer clear
tell me a joke.
rollover my 401k assistance
Play for me music by The Beatles
tell me my first national account's routing number
How do I apply for a refund?
what is our purpose in life
create a new list for me please
Tell my why my top-up is pending.
How long does it take for my physical card to be delivered.
Are there restrictions for my disposable card since it does not seem to be working?
how is the weather in austin
flip a coin, heads
Show me emails from my friends.
My day was busy
What is the event on March 19th at 2PM about?
what is the next step if my luggage was lost
tell me about activities in my area this weekend
s1, can you rephrase me on your answers further.
LIGHT KO RAISE KARO.
please tell me the latest news about politics
when's payday
tell me what edict means
Where is my transfer from [country]?
I would like to change my PIN but I am not currently in the country.
PDA! Remind my friend to get the assignment tomorow
Song next please
convert one euros to us dollars
Please arrange to wake me up at 3.00 am alarm
add games without frontiers to my week 5 playlist
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money?
For SEPA transfers, what kind of charge will be applied?
clear list
wait, you did not interpret command right.
Tell me to go to the grocery store after work.
what type of fuel is used for this vehicle
My card payment failed.
Is Colombo on the coast of Sri Lanka?
I got money overseas and the exchange rate was wrong
Where do I activate my card?
Should my top up still be pending?
Please add (event) to calendar
amazing work, you did well.
Find me the name of the artist of this music
PDA name put this on my facebook
veganism
Please tell me how to verify my top up card.
is cleaning the toilet on my to-do list
What's the procedure for canceling a purchase?
list of playback of ar rahman collections
I purchased something while traveling, and the exchange rate applied was wrong.
I keep getting an error message when I'm trying to transfer funds! Why aren't you accepting that?
There's an error in regards to the exchange rate for an item I bought.
Do you know Jessica Snout's phone number?
Please cancel the latest ATM charge on my card as my card was declined earlier today and I did not receive that cash.
I took out money from a transaction machine and it exchanged the wrong dollar value amount from another currency!
Is there a reason my top-up has been cancelled?
what were you supposed to remind me of
will you order me some more lysol spray
Please make me coffee without sweetener.
I ordered a virtual card but it hasn't come through yet
Get the next episode.
where can i check my credit score
How is my money transferred to the account
how is this car rated for fuel economy
Next I want to listen 'I really like you'.
I travel a lot, can I get a bulk currency exchange discount?
headline news for texas
It seems I was overcharged when I used an ATM while on vacation. If I knew about your fees in advance I sure would have gone somewhere else.
Can exchanged be made to EUR?
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
Will you deal with SWIFT transfers?
play uno together
when is the next time i should get my tires changed
currency conversion of u. s. d. and eur
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
i need to move money from one account to another
what timezone is viet nam in
Can I use a cheque to top up my account
s1, would you explain me about what you have just said once again.
can you check what fuel type to use with this car
wake me up at six am
I need to let my small group know the location has changed
please remind me at 5pm today that i have an event at 8 am in the morning
I want my account deleted!
ten past seven
let's go ahead and switch your language
excellent job, you have done well.
I happened to forget my passcode
how do you convert pounds to kilograms
how much have i spent on alcohol recently
I need to know why girls are so different to man, explained as science man
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do?
uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
which song is playing now
really i would not mind.
Why was XXX famous for?
where are you from originally
sorry but got me incorrect.
remove this list
what's a good, popular american meal
My phone has been stolen.  How can I make sure no one uses my account from it?
increase the volume to seventy percent
get louder
send email to Naty
which date is my next paycheck due
Olly, define the word 'novel'.
is jimmie's party on friday cancelled
How do I locate my card?
create a text message to
is it raining
What is the refund procedure?
What would cause a transfer failure?
resume the last played audiobook
My recipient hasn't received the money
will you speak it once again.
what time is it in akron
I'm still waiting on a payment
delete all scheduled events
When I made a transfer, there was a fee.  Why?
can you reserve a hotel for myself a hotel in afghanistan at the zoo for the 10th to the 15th
please pair my phone
i can't locate my phone
incorrect command.
Someone has stolen my card. Even though I have my card with me, someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help as soon as possible.
Can I start an account for my kids?
don't mind for whatever.
Explain why I can't do a transfer to an account.
Instagram
send an email to dad how is the weather this week?
how do i arrange a direct deposit into my savings account
that will be all have a nice day!
is it time for new tires
what do you think will be the result of my federal tax return
go ahead and play the next song on this playlist
reopen groceries and add milk
do i need a jacket today
My cash withdrawal is showing as pending, why?
Show me the path of nearest railway station.
Olly find me a bar in Cleveland open until 2am
tweet a complaint to local municipality
enable my plug
Do I have a say when it's delivered?
can you monitor my package's progress
I need information about an extra €1 fee in my statement.
yeap amazing response to command.
My top up doesn't work
play the list from my favorites
Play me songs of genre
How soon do cards arrive after I order them?
on the third i am looking for a flight for under 700 from denver international to new york international
contact uber and have them pick me up
I tried to top-up, why didn't it work?
its not possible
Who is the artist of the current song playing?
are you an ai or can you prove you're human
check and see what will be the weather condition in new jersey at eight am tomorrow
Start playing X.
Could you help my figure out the exchange fee?
could you start over please.
remember this email
please order one train ticket to los angeles
please tell me your age
how much do i get paid
call me by my name
Can you tell me what i need for the identity check?
can you give me a hand paying my water bill
it seems that my account is blocked and i'm not sure why
i would like to know my chase interest rate
i'm out of conditioner so will you order me some more
Need a taxi tomorrow at 8 in the morning
is my order here yet
what gun shows are in tulsa?
please let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
What is the name of the best italian restuarant?
Define...
i can't use my card because it is broken
what is the balance of my bank accounts
would you stop.
Where do I unblock my PIN?
Where do I go if I want to link my new card?
i like you just cancel.
what steps do i need to take to jump start my car
How do I get to the virtual cards?
i would like to change your name to eli
can i have cup of coffee
please remove dinner date scheduled for this friday at nine pm
is it safe to travel to mexico
book ola for airport today evening
Play my top rated pop songs please.
Check the notes app and give me details of all the lists.
book for me an uber taxi to bardonia
set a reminder to go dress shopping
My card is expiring soon, How do I order a new card?
events happening between eight am and five pm today
describe the computer to me
how do i know when i need my next oil change
Why is it I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM?
thanks but you didn't get me.
What top up charges are there for US cards?
let me know when you hear about france.
play the next musical number
Can you accept my other card from the U.S.?  It is the only other one I have.
would not really know.
please check and confirm detail.
What would I be charged in receiving a SEPA transfer?
Add song to running list
are you a human being or a computer
how effective will be to buy nike stock
I was double-charged for a transaction
The ATM kept my card?
My card expires soon, will you send me one automatically?
When are you going to activate my card?
Will it be cold/
Start up the coffee machine.
I requested a refund from a merchant but don't see the money in my account.  Are you able to check with the merchant or process the refund manually?
Delete the work luncheon this Friday.
don't continue with what you're doing
how healthy are apples
What is the tracking number for my card that was mailed?
Hi can you please turn lower the lights
how long will it take to make the wings
What can I use a virtual disposable card for?
how many vacation hours have i accrued
I want to create a new pin.
how is the exchange rate for microsoft
May i know my future schedules?
does olive garden take reservations
The app shows Direct Debit payments that I didn't make
please turn off the lights
how do i go about setting up paycheck direct deposit
Play Crystal Lewis's Beauty of the Cross for me
go ahead and flip that coin, i choose heads
delete that item
what is the charges for new card?
that is not true, it's false
oops, you did not understand me.
can i increase the credit limit on my old navy card
do you accept from usa credit card?
i need to know the pin number
what is 78 times 85
What are the disposable card limits?
show me the transactions from costco yesterday
startet
i'd like to book the next availability for an oil change
will you say once again.
where can i have a virtual card
is the company party on my list of reminders
do I have any lists for the upcoming week
new york time
would you again explain the last sentence to me please.
How are top-ups verified?
I love anything by Elton John.
are there any meetings set for next wednesday
when did i last do maintenance on my car
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
Favorite this music
Refer the stock price of HDFC
How to unblock my PIN?
can you please sat it one more time
Google what songs have I listened to at least ten times.
yeah amazing response to the command.
Play for me the Game Star Wars
open lyft
Post a status on my twitter account
i wanna know the gad i need to fill this car up with
I received my card. How do I link it to the app?
please put a block on my wells fargo account immediately
My transfers keep on getting declined. My card was working fine up until now, however it has suddenly stopped working. Why is this?
what is the protocol for getting new insurance
help remind me that i need to add laundry to my list of housework
which book fair events are taking place next week in washington dc
any festivals in town at this time or in the coming week
Why did I get a fee?
give me the results of a coin flip
activate the robot vacuum
describe a workhouse for me
do i have a meeting today
assure my bank i really am going to california
doesn't matter.
you understood command perfectly.
Why won't my top up go through?
how much interest am i getting percentage wise from chase
will i be able to get away with shorts today
what's the status of by delta flight
add to my playlist smooth operator by sade
PDA! Please read my new mails
Could you please email John saying I'm on Leave
Can I change my PIN remotely?
tell me the traffic in tempe
My phone was stolen yesterday, can you help me with this?
I see my top-up was canceled, but why?
I will need a new card because mine is almost expired.  How fast do I get a replacement and what is the cost?
how long should i expect to wait for my replacement credit card
set reminder anna for every monday
do i need an international visa to get into italy
mute for one hour
Save my spotify preferences
I can't get a contactless payment to work.
What does 'turbulence' mean?
i want to know what song is playing
are there any meetings between 2 and 5 pm
I want to know how many different currencies my money can be in
Remove all the events from my whole calendar.
I don't see my card anywhere in the app.
Do I need to re-apply to order a new card when my old one's about to expire?
I deposited a check, but haven't received the funds for it.
Why have I not received my PIN
read my calendar for march 7th
why hasn't my top up gone through yet
angry bird play
How do I get my PIN unlocked?
please set this date to repeat
Alexa play my most recent playlist.
Show me popular exchange rates
show me trivia about cats
please turn on the alarm
roll this dice
whatever would be fine.
what songs are on my favorite list?
how many kilograms is two hundred and ten pounds
let's take a look at the weather
My atm withdraw is stillpending
How do I validate my identity.
ask me easy questions about a subject I know and tell me when I'm wrong
please book a taxi for me
I want to terminate my account
I tried to make a transfer and it failed.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT WILL BE RAINY DAY BASED ON THE WEATHER FORCAST/
how much do i need to pay on my bills
how do i make meatloaf
turn up the sound
Where is the closest ATM to me?
how many vacation days do i have remaining
could you check and confirm the detail please.
can you find my lists
What is the time in Perth?
check my social networks
I want to use my account before identity verification
Please help me get a new card, I reside in the United States.
show my meeting
hey what is the time
Is it normal to be charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but it was not authorized
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar
I cannot find my PIN.
replay this song i really like it
how can i schedule a meeting
how can i create a meeting
Play surfin usa
what is the current credit limit i have on my wells fargo mastercard
Is there a way to order a new card while in China?
call vikki
I sent a transfer to a friend that needs it urgently. It has already been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to her. How long does it normally take?
I requested a refund but am unable to see it in my account. Why is that?
please find my phone
anything on the schedule for october 14th
How would you use a disposable card?
that seems true
how do you make fried rice
let me know the process for new insurance
help, i lost my luggage
my check engine light is on so is anyone available to check it out for me
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what is happening?
recorded program may be listened on future days
check the status of my order
what is the minimum i need to pay for my cell phone bill
did i remember to add milk to my shopping list
Can you put on the Chuck Palhunik audio book?
give me the headlines from sky news
can you book a train ticket
my luggage is missing i was on frontier flight ab123 from seattle
what is the current traffic
plan me a holiday trip
what is playing at the local theater right now
really i wouldn't mind.
What is the weekly weather report?
send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
how do i get a virtual card?
what's the time in madrid
My card is stuck in the ATM, what can I do?
Can I use my card anywhere I want?
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not do.
remind me the upcoming meeting at four am today
Does Apple Pay give the option to top up?
what is the time frame for transfers
i am sorry but you have messed up with my request.
it was not the right answer.
How come I can't seem to verify my id?
Why hasn't my top up gone through?
Why did I get declined when trying to get cash?
what's the apr on my savings account
What caused my top-up to be returned?
Help me activate my card.
pay my gas bill with my checking account
please just stop.
make me giggle
I need my card to be delivered fast
what is the mpg of this car
how long do i roast chicken breasts
What do I do if someone used my card without my permission?
I need to transfer funds into my account. How can I do this?
Why would a merchant revert a card payment?
My address needs to be changed.
what is my current credit score
what is the definition of my health benefits
when will we have another day off
It is urgency. Please freeze my card now. As someone in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money by using my card. As i did not withdraw any money.
Olly, pick up where we left off on Battle Royale.
i need you to book a taxi for me
Hello. Please, would you tell me if you have or have not received funds for a refund that I recently requested for a big purchase? I've contacted the merchant, but I can't tell that they have taken any action on it.
list current set alarms
s1, please explain once again.
I was unable to make a transfer to another account.
flip me a coin i'm calling tails
If I only have 1 other US card, can you take it?
find me train tickets
Play Major Tom by David Bowie
turn on the local radio
s2, i couldn't understand what you just said.
is there traffic on my work route
hey olly play the radio
Would I be able to get an account for my child?
Why am I being charged for the same thing twice?
any one is good to me.
My rate is not right when I used my card in a different country's money.
My transfer has not arrived.
why would i be declined if i had money iin my account
I don't know what to do. Should I transfer funds. My account is out of money.
turn on the lamp
The card can be used at which ATMs?
increase the volume to max please
I was removing a dollar amount from my account and now don't have access to my card.
I want to take karate classes ?Where are localooking karate studios?
I want my card frozen right away. Money was taken out in an odd location I have never heard of.
tell me what the meaning of life is
search and tell me when my most recent oil change happened, please
Send me links to news articles about the protest.
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
add dan@dancom to my contacts
does not really matter with me.
Why did I need to verfiy my identity?
i want to use spanish as my language
send mom a text i'll talk to you later
I went tot the ATM earlier today and didn't realize this till now but I did not get all the money I requested.  I believe my account was charged for 100 but I only got 80.  Is there any way we can solve this problem?
Have I gotten any new emails?
pause, put this song on after this song
make all the lights in the house orange
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
how long til my visa card expires
yes that is confirmed.
Shuffle and play the playlist
please set the equalizer in the party mode
how much is dollar worth in persos
have remainder of the program to listen
Echo, turn on the local radio
How many GBP can I get for one dollar?
Do i need a jacket
check that please.
What do you do with my personal data?
please say things more quickly
can i increase my volume
Is payment required to get a card of my own?
My top-up is not working. Why is that?
Did I not get my refund? I don't see it.
you got the command right.
what's the least i can pay towards this bill
The atm wouldn't give out cash
is it anyones birthday
Am I going to a hairdresser tomorrow?
Tell me why my transfer is declined.
I need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
It looks like the exchange rates on my card payment are wrong
Why was a payment I made reverted?
This debit is not my transcation. How do I get my money out back?
that is accurate
i want you to reset your factory settings
could you speak a little faster, please
Why does my payment appear as pending?
how do i order some more checks for my bank of america account
abolish a specific calender event
i'd like to know when you were born
Please delete my account now.
could you check to see if my order has been delivered
start robot vacuum
slow
set wake up Thursday seven am
i need my phone, but can't find it
are you really a person or an ai
get me a meeting room for 9am on friday
In receiving cash, the wrong exchange rate was used for my transaction.
can you check and confirm the detail.
What currencies do you offer?
please tell me my credit rating
The cash deposit I made this morning has not been credited to my account
uhh no, i think you have done a task incorrectly.
whats happening around my town
do i have any other contact phone number for alison
When does the money get transferred to my account
mute for 1 hour
tweet customer service not good for lpg service in my twitter account
search for nearby chinese restaurants
give me recipes
I need your help to get a refund for an item I just bought, can you cancel the payment since what I bought hasn't arrived yet.
cancel everything on my calendar
do i have coffee on the grocery list
Ok Google, let's play FMOD
Your company is lame. Shut down all my account services right now.
could you talk a little faster
i couldn't understand what you said.
i want to order some more checks for my savings account
let's try it again.
do i need an international visa to go to vietnam
where will i find my w-2
that's all, cancel it.
i am needing you to tell me how to get to dallas, texas, by bus
would late payments hurt my credit
email mahmoud
what are my available lists
don't talk anymore
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
Can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at x time?
what is apple's stock
Is there a way to use this app with a disposable virtual card?
start house cleanup
i must kniw how low are my tires on air
where can i find my w2 as i need it for tax reasons
i have a fraudulent transaction from red robin on my account
what does indignation mean
i want to cancel my reservation for 5 at red robin
Why have I been charged twice?
when do i need to change my motor oil next
What's the latest news from CNN, please
for peppercorn steak, what ingredients do i need
I bought this item and was charged the wrong amount can I get a refund?
Turn off the bathroom light please.
please remove sporty event from list
Do I have a $1 extra fee on the statement?
If my phone is missing, can I block someone from using the app?
alexa, connect to the phone now
start vacuuming now please
I was trying to purchase some crypto and the app won't allow me to do it. What's the deal with this? I really wanted to complete the exchange.
i want to change the color of the lights
what can i make for dinner using ground beef
bring the lights down a bit
i don't bother, olly.
turn up radio volume
tell me what's going on with facebook
PDA mean
I am trying to delete my account.
Where can the cards be delivered?
I no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
How long does EU transfer take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
Should I bring a coat with me?
what is the exchange rate for dollars to pounds
give me my credit card's apr
Am I the only one who can top-up my account?
have i been spending more money at restaurants
are you working for another person or entity
what's my visa's current rewards balance
can anyone help me pay my car bill
tell me your birthday
throw the dice
What is on this specific list
How to activate Google Pay for top up?
When are cards shipped?
the language i am using will now be italian
you need to change the pin on my bank of america account to be 1234
What can i pay with out  fees
i need a timer for 20 seconds
What do I do if I have exceeded all my PIN tries?
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE WEATHER PREDICATION FOR THIS WEEK.
how is the time
confirm a flight for me from ft lauderdale to houston on southwest
Get current news on government shutdown
check to see the status of my recent online order
who sings the song about a long black train
Find an Uber on 29th St.
What high school did Halley Barry go to?
mario
book me a hotel in pittsburgh near grant street for 3/15 through 3/18
How do I link my replacement card?
help me to understand the conversion between tablespoons and teaspoons
is my at&t bill do soon
what do i want to remember
s1, please clarify me about your answers once again.
When is it suppose to be above 50 again?
How do your exchange rates work?
you're not correct.
how percentage am i earning annually on my account
make an alarm for three pm
you have done that correctly.
what were my last five transactions on my visa card
what's on my list
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to stop pending
The event ... will include ... and ...
what is available in your stock of lists
What can I do for fun under $20 around me?
my card was cut by my kid
Let's play global thermonuclear war.
Why would my transfer result in a decline message?
How do I perform identity checks?
check up on the status of my online order
What's the deal? My card was just denied for top up. Why is it not going through?
talk fast
turn all lights on
Besides USD what other currencies can I have?
why did the app refuse to make an approved payment
send a confirmation email to sandy
Changed details is essential, what steps do I take to do so?
The app reversed a top off I had.  What should I do?
schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
tell me if you are human
i'd like you to give me an idea for a meal from iceland
can i get vacation day totals i have left
I want to top up by card, what do you support?
let's play a game how about tic tac toe
can you please confirm details.
My card expires very soon.  What is the cost and delivery time to get a new one?
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
help find my phone
would you consider someone else your boss
How many countries do you work in?
get the answer perfectly.
can you please clarify once again.
What does it mean if my payment has been reverted?
How long does it take transfers from Europe to complete?
What do I do if an ATM "stole" my card?
Are there any new emails received after 4 o'clock today?
hey i'd like you to order burger
Olly, find me the cheapest train ticket to Spain.
what is the definition of a galaxy alexa
add this song to my game night playlist
what time is in over there in pacific standard time
i need to call my boss
I have an issue. I bought something within the past one to two weeks and have received one of the products; however, today the total was returned to my account. What's going on here?
sorry i did not mean to say that.
take pat's appointment off my calendar
list happy on my rb playlist
olly that would be all.
Where is my appointment with doctor next week?
set up a new text message
yeah correct response to the command.
change background
can you make a reservation at the restaurant for tonight
move forward ten minutes in this podcast
how many vacation days do i have left this year
July 3 calender
change and set your language setting to english
When is that meeting with my boss next week?
My card was not accepted.
mailed the personal data
are you now working for me
s2, i didn't catch that.
how long is the drive from sfo to fisherman's wharf
i have a meeting with al on march twenty first at ten
Why didn't my top up work?
how many rooms are available between 2 and 3
check email from john
What are my limits on disposable cards?
How do I receive more physical cards
lower the volume
when is my xfinity bill due
tell me a joke about lawyers
start chapter five of physics for future presidents
Play pop songs
add this song to my favorite list
are there any exchange fees
Do you process SWIFT transfers?
can i share my location with david
I have a pending payment on my card.  Why?
add a reminder to pick milk up at the store
The application reverted my top-up.
make a call to
should i get a vaccination before i go to katmandu
Show me the source of my money.
It can take between 10 minutes to an hour before you hear back from us about the verification result.  Please try again if your verification fails.  Make sure you double check that images are clear and all document photos are readable without blur or glare. You have to be 18 or older and live in the European Economic area or live in Switzerland to be able to open an account.
create an alarm for six am
My card got trapped inside an ATM, what should I do?
Alert me in three hours
What is the process of card activation?
tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again
delete all of my appointments with dr smith this week
how do i make pie crust
Alexa, lights down to 7
what is the answer to this math question
do you know of any good seafood restaurants in seattle
let's have a warm glow in the front room
put the lights off now
List the games you can play with me.
what number of vacation days do i have at my disposal
do i need to carry an umbrella today.
i need to know if boston restaurant has favorable reviews
My credit card was declined.
what is the financial capital of canada
i can't get that.
Hey, start vacuum cleaner robot
how expensive is it to fuel this car
Play I am a survivor by destiny's child.
s2, what you said is not so clear to me.
Tell me more about that concert
is that the song from spectre
Can you tell me what I need for identity validation?
What plays are showing at the theatre?
am i able to make reservations at spago in beverly hills
can we pair this with my new phone
does not really matter to me.
Can I change my pin at a cash machine?
How do I top up my card?
Check to see if new emails have come from Title 9
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at seven am
how's my tire pressure
please play the next episode of aib
What does that Mexican lasagna look like and tastes like?
what are some fun things i can partake in in atlanta
any idea as to if taco bell takes reservations
how can i cash in my visa rewards
will trump visit russia anytime soon
how much cash do i earn
What is the sum of $15.99 and $6.65?
It's declining my transfers. Normally this works, but my card is being declined now and I've tried more than once.
Why am I charged a fee for using my card on some purchases?
share location with bill
Book a taxi to go to the movies at 1
What day of the week was December 4, 1982?
You accepts my card?
oh no, i didn't say it.
Define keyboard
please can you once again elaborate to me.
On my app I can see that a direct debit payment that I didn't do, appears.
will you further elaborate me on what you have said please.
Where are the Mastercard ATMs?
What types of currencies do you accept?
is it possible i have a meeting with kim today
I have a charge I did not make.
wheres my money receipt
do you charge me if i use my card in japan
I withdrew money from an ATM today, and now my account is showing a different amount than what I withdrew. I checked the amount the ATM gave me, and it looks like it gave me the wrong amount of money. What is the best thin for me to do to get this fixed?
I refilled my account balance but got an error message.
i'm going to need to book an uber to universal studios
who is this ai's creater
Play Michael Buble Save the Last Dance
how many millilitres is two table spoons
do not complete the task that i gave you
Show me the current date today
i've just run out of butter and need you to order me some more
Open Sirius app and play the classical channel
can i see my work lists
Play for me music by Madonna
So I just put my top-up into the card and it hasn't changed.
what foods do i buy to put into a korean dinner
The ATM would not give me cash,why?
don't make any sounds
tell me random joke
i need a reminder set for signing up for the conference
My address is incorrect on my file.
let me know what's on my list of reminders
what is 2+2
how's the stock for exxon mobil doing today
My top up was reverted. Can you help?
remove the fundraiser for dolphines in april
Is it supposed to rain/snow/be windy today?
i don't know where my phone is
i need you to please repeat that
I normally have no issues making transfers, so why am I suddenly being told it is not possible?
Why is my card payment cancelled?
do i need an international visa to go to brazil
could you tell me once again please.
can you again clarify what you've said please.
I need you to add this email in my contacts
reset all events in calendar
please switch $s checking to mortage
If I make a top-up are there charges applied?
what pto time to i have remaining
PDA, please set an alarm for 7:30 AM tomorrow.
Why was my transaction declined?
Is this card available to United States Residents?
How many times does (number) go into (number)?
halt the process
what's the definition of luminescent
could i please change your name to alicia
my stolen card needs to be reported
erase the chore list
save the email to my contact
order chinese for delivery
select station you want
is unleaded ok or should i use premium
is my phone somewhere around here
can you check that i have a reservation on february 28th for 3 in the afternoon
will i have to wait a long time to receive my new credit card after i lost my old one
Could you delete this event
i want a pic of how to jump start
Play Power 102.3.
What is 20 % of 120?
Can you give me a visa?
Search for a good nerd joke.
Check any email related to online orders
Remove 24th March meeting from schedule
can you check my credit score
Will I be fined for topping up by transfer?
Porn
what is the update on my vacation request
My identity verification isn't working
can you tell me my shopping list items, please
Can you play a song by Aerosmith?
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
it's helpful, thank you.
schedule my meeting with my girlfriend lisa in the night today at nine pm
am i allowed carry ons for my flight with westjet to edmonton
I draw out money from your ATM during holidays, and was charged insanely. I wouldn't have done it, if i had a little sense about the shocking charges.
The amount of cash I received was not the full amount
what is the calorie count of a burrito
time and date of today
i want to close an account but im not sure about setting up a new one in the future, what do you recommend
yeah you've understood my instructions right.
i want to hear radio head please
Is it probable that there would be rain in the forecast today?
please train
is there anything happening in town this weekend
Why does it show that my transfer is still pending?
vacuum the mud room
Why can't I take money from my account?
please will you check and confirm it.
tell me how to make beef wellington
is it possible to increase my visa card limit
can i swap chili for sloppy joe mix in the recipe
where should i go eat tonight
what are amd stock prices
tell me what your name is
i have to transfer from one account to my other one
what is your birthday
Do you support all fiat currencies?
when does my oil need some changing
i would like you to check what last said please.
i don't really mind.
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
Cash withdrawal has been pending, why is it so?
fill me in on stock symbol
I want to listen to Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Add ... and ... to event ....
Tell me latest BBC news
My pizza came cold i need to contact Pizza hut on twitter
i need to get going at eight am tomorrow set up an alarm thirty minutes before that
delete this list
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
i need to switch accounts
i would like to check my rewards for my debit card
Can you explain your exchange rate policy? I don't think I received the correct amount of cash in my ATM transaction.
schedule a meeting room for friday at 3pm
decrease the volume
Are there specific ATM's I can use with this card?
can you tell me the best place for cajun shrimp in tampa
Can I get a physical card through this app?
Show me please how to reset my passcode.
Olly, what movies are playing in Columbia?
let me know how the outback steakhouse reviews are
put soda on the shopping list and add carrots
Directions to New Orleans
play spotify playlsit blank
what time is it in the pacific standard timezone
what is the date today
How do i go about linking a new card?
PDA I need you to respond to Jennifer's email by stating we will be late.
what is a funny joke
if it's sunrise in stockholm what time is it in okinawa
Show me events nearby
Can you tell me why my credit card was declined while trying to top-up?
give me instructions on how to change my oil
tell me what is on my grocery list for this week
alexa complain for me to@nsa
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's going on with this, does someone has access to my card?!
alexa what is the news in my area?
every wednesday night at five pm remind me to meet phil
I want to see the next Podcast available.
what is our purpose here on earth
What is the appropriate age for my child to be able to open an account?
How can I update my personal information after moving?
how hot is it in quebec, PDA?
pull up my calendar and tell me what i have scheduled for march 30
When can I expect my Chinese takeout from Fortune Garden?
I deposited some cash but it hasn't shown up in my account yet, what's going on?
could you tell me what the status of my day off request is
change your language setting to spanish
Is my alarm set?
play song from my trance list
record the radio program
what are the steps for transfering my 401k
are multiple currencies acceptable?
What is this extra fee that I got when I used my card to pay?
i'll have to think about it
please clarify once again.
could you play the next song on this playlist, please
How long should it take for my top-up to finish? I've been waiting a while.
tell me about the alarm timings
do i have a name to you
how long do i need to cook lasagne for
Raise volume
Is there anything to do with quinoa to make it not taste awful?
i'd like to hear the last again.
what's my daily spending limit
what are today's travel advisories
open harrypotter audiobook and play from last played
I withdrew cash and was charged
softer
I can't use top up on Google Pay.
Does Pink have a new baby?
I need the right foreign money, at the right rate, at ATMs, when I go abroad.
please tell me why my card was declined
I want to resume where I last left off in my audio book
book uber from here to downtown
What day of the week is Sept 12 of this year?
what is the process of setting up direct deposit
is it possible to drive now in ohio
My account isn't showing the refund
are there any meetings on my calendar today
where were you put together
tell me the complete spelling of definitely
how do you say fast in spanish
let's do math
Can you freeze my card it was stolen
i needed to prepare for a meeting
Olly, I have scheduled a meeting with Mr. Ross this Friday. Mark it in you calendar and remind me on Friday early morning about it.
here's an email address
*clapping sound*
how long before the next holiday here
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
Who charged me a fee for paying by card?
read me everything on my shopping list
I am in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
Seems like my transfer was declined how come?
Just today there was a purchase on my card that wasn't done by me. Can this be reversed and my card be frozen? I can't have this continue!
The ATM ate my card; how do I get a new one?
do you know how old you are
activate the robot and vacuum the floor
if i want to redeem miles from my delta skymiles card, how do i do that
Just schedule a meeting with my boss
email dad how is the weather this week
get me some radio music from kamp fm
i was unclear about your words.
what sorts of subjects do you know about
There is a payment I don't recognise!
dammit, i didn't say this.
i don't mind.
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times with this card and it is just not working.
I made a mistake on the last transfer I made, who must I speak with to cancel?
I'd like to know why my top-up was canceled please.
how do i say thank you in japanese
Can I use a Visa or Mastercard?
It's been a week since I ordered my card and it's not here. Please help?
what a wonderful song. can you save what i just said, for me?
when is my order arriving
How old do you have to be to open an account?
Show me the email of jack
what should i do with an unusable and damaged card
google the word
I just checked my account on the App and there is a payment on there that I did not make.
can you please clarify me about this further.
Do you know about this lyrics?
I found a direct debit I would like to dispute
can you block my chase account right away please
show stock value of goog
s1, explain more on your response.
what does triumph mean
thank you, olly.
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card yet?
How long do transfer pend for?
How do I use contactless pay?
for italy what timezone is it in
how's highway traffic today
Weird charges are appearing in my debit account.
make next podcast episode to play
I have just read my statement and there is a payment I don't recognise.
What cards do you support
angry bird play
Can you get me a cup of coffee
is it currently raining
would you tell me once again.
Pull up the lists in my notes
How many transactions can I make on my disposable card?
is my apr rate better than most
How much snow has Maine received as of today?
How can I find out why my transfer didn't go through?
Buy a train ticket from Lakeland, Florida to New York, New York
What music do I usually listen to?
what kind of animals do you own
How to make taco?
My account is blocked because I entered the wrong pin too many times.  Help me unblock.
Hi Siri, post my last clicked photo on facebook with title Marry Christmas
open up a new list
what's a good movie that's out right now
Is it possible to transfer money to my credit card?
play david bowie playlist
hey play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
so are you a bot
I don't know my PIN, how can I find that out?
To which event can I go in Milan now?
Can someone please help assist me by explaining to me why my pass-code is not working?
go to email compile
will i run out of gas before i get to sioux falls
complain to philips
rewind the episode of podcast.
how much do you know about me
PDA, Please book me a taxi/Uber
please confirm detail.
store opinion on song
change out of whisper mode
Where did your guys exchange rates come from?
Does Ming Ten do take out?
bring me ticket of train to city A.
is fongs dine in only
doesn't matter.
I only have a card from the US is that okay?
calculate distance from boston to new york
compose email to a new address
what's the nutrition info for a pound of chicken
How do I top up using my Apple Watch?
What should I do after I've moved and need to update my personal details?
How do I go about verifying my identity?
i was supposed to get a refund but my balance hasn't changed, why not?
start from last time on my audio book
I think someone stole my card because I can't find it.
you are the best, thank you.
Do I need to use sunscreen before goint to meet my friend for lunch?
May I ask you to add a new event to my calendar ?
I'm having trouble verifying my ID.
your company is awful, i would like to delete my account please
please begin a timer
olly will you shut down.
turn the lights off please
Why did the person I transferred money to not receive the correct amount? What should I do to get them the right amount, do I have to transfer more money to them?
email my boss that i will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting
please cancel your present task
should i get more gas
can you list each item on my reminder list
Hey, I attempted to top up my card today and for some reason it didn't work. When I did it the other way it worked just fine. Could you help me figure out why this is happening please?
what routing number do i use to send an international wire with citibank
book a train ticket from canada to las vegas
IS THE DATA PREFERS ANY PROBLEMS IN OBJECTS
I live in the US and I would like to get a card. How do I go about getting one?
Why hasn't my transaction been completed?
Tell me when there is new news from my local news
how is weather on such and such day
I need to order some food from Papa John's.
Can I set up to my account to automatically top up?
Why am I being charged extra when I withdrew money?
email john smith
There's a direct debit I wish to dispute
I had a cheque deposited, but I still haven't seen the cash.
please see if chili's has delivery
how many kids jackie chan does have
please email celine
what is on the shopping list
Help!  I think my phone may be stolen or lost!
What's on my schedule for today?
on the button of cleaner
lower the volume on the speakers
Why aren't my payment funds available to me?
it's useful,, olly.
what's the next holiday
can you tell me what hobbies the ai has
amazing response.
sorry but i think it's not the right command.
Looking at my statement I see that I was double charged for a payment I made.
please would you repeat what you've said.
Are there any events going on downtown tonight?
access recipe book please
could you please confirm the last thing i said.
give me petey's telephone number
Are you able to unblock my pin?
Who and why is on at the theater tonight?
How do I transfer money from one bank account to another?
i enjoyed our talk, goodbye
Please explain to me the circumstances in which my card payment would be reverted?
A mortgage payment I'm making is giving me an error message.  This is the first time I'm making this payment and want to know what's wrong.
Can I use a check to get gas?
i would like to play tetris
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's broken?
History
Why is my app showing me taking money that I did not take out?
that's totally wrong!
what's the traffic typically like at 3:30 on the route to phoenix
i wanna hear something funny
Define what a wizard is
remove the grocery list from my active lists
turn up lights
The cash withdrawal I took seems to be off. The exchange rate is wrong.
what is the linear equation
that's a good song
Can I reactivate my card? I reported it lost and found it this morning in my jacket.
diy oil change and oil type
what time is it in adelaide, australia right now
add apples to shopping list
what is the cost of my rent and water bills
will i make it to my current destination on this fuel tank
today i couldn't find my phone
can you help me find my luggage it was lost on delta flight abc123 from houston
how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
How many new emails have I gotten
let me bank know i will be in brazil from june 1st to july 1st
What age is Britney Spears
it's nice to see you
it's excellent, appreciated.
Why was there an extra charge because I used my card to pay?
direct deposit
My top-up was cancelled; will I receive a refund?
Do you know the rate of exchange?
do i require a plug converter when i visit puerto rico
yeap it's correct.
Can you please stop speaking
I need to order a new card as my other one was stolen.
flip a coin i'm calling heads
Is there an age minimum?
does the nearby pizza hut deliver in my area
Where are the ATMs that accept this card?
How come I can't find my payment?
make a roll of the dice
Put my brother's birthday in my calendar for July 4th.
let ann and scott know where i am
Hello hello
i want to edit the language
I had the wrong exchange rate applied to some cash I got abroad.
Tell me the trains from California to New Jersey after 11pm
remove item from list
Delete the scheduled meeting on 4th Oct, 12 pm
yeap that was wonderful.
Explanation of the song
why does the app show a direct debit payment that I did not authorize
so what pets do you have
remind me to go grocery shopping today
what would four inches be in centimeters
what's 10 euros in dollars
Help! I need to transfer something to China.
I should only have one charge, but it shows two.
PDA, what are the events happening around me today?
can you confirm what said please.
train ticket please
that is helpful, thanks.
how can i change my oil for my car
Please list active alarms
Am I going to swim to work today?
ac temperature is at what
please remove the grocery list from my set of lists
The app doesn't think that I am myself
i need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
I am inquiring about a $1 charge on my statement.
please cook me a hamburger
What ATM accepts Mastercard?
can you put a stop on my bank account
is there any money left
So much time has gone by, the pending status shouldn't still be there shouldn't it?
Why was I charged for transferring money?
I would like to use top-up with my Apple Pay.
when were my tires changed
find events in local area
How will I know when I can use the auto top-up feature?
please change your accent to a british male
show me nearby takeout restaurants
Turn on my stereo and change it to NPR.
Repeat an event in my calendar
I want to use bank transfer for topping up my account. How is it handled?
How long will it take to deliver something to US?
Why was my cash withdrawal given the wrong exchange rate?
can you define conservative politics
Make a list of numbers for me
when is my meeting with jack for
does my life have meaning
Can I top up my card with other cards?
I believe my card has been compromised because of a strange withdrawal
vacuum living room
Send email to Robert, 'What time is dinner?'
could you check my account and let me know how much i spent on food in january
Can i make transactions before identity verification is complete?
I moved.  Where do I update my details?
what are the scores from last night's hockey games
weather on monday
that was incorrect let's try again.
check my last post on instagram
how long since my oil had a refresh
roger that
would you say it again please
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
can you send an email for me to a new email address
skip to the next song
The balance has not been updated.
please play next episode
that's not correct
i was not clear about your words.
what temperature is the ac set at
OMG!  I'm trying to load my card and it wont top up!  I desperately need the money either on my card or in my bank, where is it?
what kind of calories do chicken tenders have
is it raining right now
can my volume be increased
what date will it be 5 days from now
I am sure I have plenty of money to transfer but my transfer is being declined.
yes agree.
I am not able to verify my id. Why?
Remind me to wash the windows.
i'm travelling to thailand soon and want to inform my bank
Are there any takeaways around here?
on 23rd feb rahul will come with me on india cricket match.
tell me my car's tires' air pressure
I'm still waiting for my card.
i need to buy a train ticket
is it monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, or sunday
Are there ways to transfer money into my account?
can i harm my credit if i miss a car payment
no thank you
Start the robot vacuum cleaner at 1pm today.
I have a payment that I didn't make.
i think all my bills are paid, but can you double check
did the manager approve my vacation yet
play golf
what's the definition of analogy
i need help finding the apr on my aspire loan
how is a vacation request done
I'd prefer to use my American Express when putting funds into my account.
Let me see cultural events for this weekend in Palermo neighborhood
does ming ten do take out
could you suggest a french restaurant, please
what do you need to make pancakes
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do?
what's the nearest starbucks
do you know if ruth chris does reservations
Add this one also.
hey i am having a bad day today what can i watch to cheer me up
Could you speak a little more softly?
let me see my alarms
go to sirius and play the hip hop channel
Olly, is there anything I should be reminded about?
how do i set the timer on my coffee machine
scrap that dinner reservation
olly will you cancel please.
send me a wake up alert at seven am tomorrow morning
do you know the meaning of life
where are piramids located
Paying in card resulted in a fee
yeah affirmative.
get me the latest episode of the ____ podcast
not quite sure how to respond
Please add this item to the list
Why is there a fee for my transfer?
How much is a round trip  train ticket to go to New York?
where can i rent a car soon
Around one or two weeks ago I purchased something but there's seems to be an issue. I have already received one of the items, but today the money was placed back into my account. What is happening?
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
I haven't received my pin
how long until delta is at the gate
how many miles per gallon do i get in my car
What events are on my calendar?
Tell me about Mount Rushmore
The amount of cash I received did not match the amount I requested
how many pesos can i get for a dollar right now
what do you mix to make a chocolate cake
tweet customer service not good for lpg service in my twitter account
I looked on the app and it says I withdrew cash.  I didn't!
turn the lights on brighter
I can't verify my identity.
you've got your understanding correcly.
do you know how to change car oil
don't talk
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
If I don't have all my documents can they still verify my identity?
look up the definition to ambulance
Where can I find my card PIN?
i need to know the carry-on restrictions for united airlines
add a new list
What are all of the different steps for identity checks?
does lechateau have delivery service or only takeaway
how do i know if my milk is expired
thanks, olly.
Can I get takeaway from Pings?
Alexa, remind me daily about Inauguration Function
Why am I getting a fee on a card payment?
power off wemo plug socket
HOW YOU HAVE SOLVE THE PROBLEM
I'd like to know why my top-up was canceled please.
tell me a joke about rats
tell me the minimum i can pay on my cable bill
what's jesse's birthday
Can you tell me the total number of Oceans in the world?
Remove that item
Check the status of my power usage
What is the extra fee that was added when I used the card?
google search the topic
Read to me all the e-mails from contact about subject.
It didn't give me my cash
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
start and email to john smith
exactly what time is my meeting with robin scheduled for on
need to exchange currencies
what are the sorts of things i can ask you about
play me music
set alarm half an hour from my meal time.
I've just got married and want to change my name.
What is the source of my available funds?
what is the antilog of 365
Can you start the vacuum?
When will my card come? I need it as soon as possible!
I have an account that is empty of funds. Can I transfer some from another bank?
tell me how do i schedule a meeting
speak up
lower the volume please
hmm, it is not what i wanted.
Why was a transaction on my card declined?
Please play next song.
What do I do if my card is expiring soon?
olly start the coffee maker
how much have i spent on clothes recently
would you please check and confirm what i just said.
i want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me like how often i've eaten out this month
tell me a joke about elephants
will you shut up.
turn down the volume
Are there any good pizza places around here?
you are my star,, olly.
Someone else charged my card!
i need to know when's the next holiday
open temple run game
are there any alarms currently set
I'm having a hard time proving my identity.
I thought crypto top up with something you offered and it does not appear that it's working even though the money has disappeared out of my account. Can you tell me what's going on?
open td ameritrade
tell me a joke about chickens
i want a meeting till 3 o clock.
how do i share where i am, with another person
"disable my card account and contact company to report fraudulent activty
disconnect from phone
Air pollution
PDA, Play the radio station Rock 108
are you a person
Can I transfer my payroll to the bank?
set my alarm for 12pm
turn on the tunes
where can i apply for a black amex card
Current weather forecast?
please list ingredients for broccoli cheddar soup
can i hear my smooth jazz playlist
order me a large ham and olive pizza from dominos
can you delete all events from my calendar
what is a stock price of tata
no notifications for five minutes
I will need to exchange currencies frequently, will I be able to get a discount?
why and how soon do I have to have proof of identity to you?
house lights blue
please rectify the command.
Why did the ATM swallow my card?
Can you turn off the lights?
how many euros can i exchange for 5 us dollars
@NikeSupport I need some assistance regarding some shoes I bought last week.
I attempted to enter my pin to many times.
Can someone assist me with updating my account details with changing my last name?
Find me the oldest hotel in Washington. D.C.
events today
i am exhausted from work
you have done it perfectly.
does z used the same plus as we do in the united states
I made a payment that's pending. Will it go through?
open davinci code audiobook
My account statements show a debit payment that I didn't make it's from some time ago I need to know if it is disputable.
I know there's an auto-top option but I can not locate it when I look?
tell me something that'll make me laugh
i have no idea where my luggage is
What do you require for identity verification?
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card?
please again explain to me.
Can you let me know where my refund money is? I requested a refund a few days back, but it's not showing up yet.  Do you guys have the money yet? Maybe it's just not in my account.  Let me know when it will become available, please.
how much is the us dollar vs the pound
will it rain now
Please define the word bibulous
WHAT IS THE LATEST MODEL OF BMW CAR?
where is the closest restaurant
send an email to my mum that i will visit her next weekend
I bought something and the money appeared back into my account? Why?
Will it rain in the evening today
How long to I have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
start next podcast
what do i need when i go shopping
Please schedule a meeting with my secretary
What cards and currencies are supported?
can you order everything on my shopping list
There is a single payment on my card which shows as pending.
what’s my gas mileage
There is a cash withdrawal transaction that I am unsure of.
Even though I made a cash deposit, I am not seeing it in my account.
how do i change oil on a car
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
do i have any due bills and how much
have no idea regarding to what to do.
tell my bank that i'll be in uruguay during january to august
the music of this song is very melodious and relaxing
I want to close my account now.
name unusual facts about the circus
What's for today?
i would like you to reserve a conference room for noon tomorrow
There is a transaction showing up several times.
I would like to exchange currencies on the app. How do I do this?
will the pizza be here soon
the statement is true
I am not able to use the app since I forgot my phone at the hotel I was staying at.
Can I exchange money from abroad without additional costs?
can i get an uber for 4 to the mall
is it likely my credit card application has processed yet
abolish an item from list
Define: computer(word)
please check new email from andy
when is the next train to london
start a list of dog names
help me pay my cable bill
Is there a reason I was charged an extra fee for using the ATM?
olly will you please shut down.
Find the residential address of Tom Hanks.
Are cards delivered to my location?
Is there a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
do you know any joke
What age do my kids need to be to use your service?
My card payment is still pending.
I need to know if you will accept my credit card.
tell me where i can go shopping in this area
you are the best, i appreciate it.
Are you aware this joke.
delete everything from the task list
If I want to top up, can I use Apple Pay?
Can I get takeout from PF Changs?
The ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash today when I went to withdraw. The app says it was more.
automobiles
please reduce the speaker volume
What's happening in news express
I want the smart socket off now.
what time is it
Make all the lights in the house orange
get yourself muted
I made a purchase earlier today but it is still listed as pending- when will it go through?
give me a list of ingredients for making pasta
Can I call to get my card activated?
i want to listen to music by the beatles
I lost my card
Short and simple
if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california
My automatic top-up was unsuccessful
I want a real card
I requested a refund from a merchant a while ago, and upon repeatedly checking my statement, the merchant has yet to refund me my money.  I don't know what's going on, or why the money is getting into my account--could you please help?
please have vacuum go for one hour
tell me starting phrase of this music
what's the balance of my reward points on my discover card
How do I replace a stolen card?
awesome work, you've done well.
i need to go to phoenix sky harbor airport using uber
29th march comes on what day?
Is it going to rain in Seattle today?
where is place?
I have been trying to make a transfer and it won't go through. I have checked all the receipts and its all correct but still won't let me do it.
tell me the expiry date of my credit card
catcha a ride
set repeating event 'gym day' on calendar
Find me the definition of  indefatigable
Why isn't my google pay top up working?
I would like to order a disposable virtual card. How can I do this?
I noticed that there's a payment on my card that's pending.
resume last played audiobook
The ATM did not allow me to withdraw
turn on one oh seven point five
initialize the robot vacuum
Will the train be late today in New York?
Can my salary be received here?
did mike send me an email
Olly, I want to hear a station that plays R&B.
how is the traffic from home to work
Hi, I tried to top up my card today and it did not work. I have tried it in the past and it worked just fine but it won't do it anymore. Can you help me out?
it's time for junk food
what is the phone number of the car rental place
My account shows I made a debit payment to someone that I can't recall and would like to find out who the payment was made to.
walk me through applying for a visa card
Why was my card declined in a shop?
PDA, how old was David Bowie when he died?
my card was in my pocket and bent
couldn't get what you said now.
Hello, I was just went through my recent transaction on my bank account and I just noticed that I was charged twice at a place that ate at this past week. Can I get that second transaction removed from my account?
Unsure how to provide my identity.
How long do you have to wait to see your virtual card your ordered?
I have no way to prove my identity.
can you tell me the time at san francisco
please speak in tagalog
I need my card immediately.
how long until my takeaway
i can't find my cell and need help locating it
can you tell me whats on my shopping list?
please see see for me the alarms that you have set sunday morning
how is my commute
resolve this thirty twelve
disconnect from my device please
i'm not doing thing this week
may i ask you to dim the lights
tell me one more time again please.
I don't recognize this withdrawal on my statement
what is that one more time.
Is it possible to purchase more physical cards with my account?
that is right
Help, I was charged twice!
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
I found my card! Can I link it back into the app?
what is my email from steve about
check email for otp sent by my bank
I added funds to my account but the app didn't process it.
what is the subject of the last email sent to me by Q?
say the last one said again please.
how low should the tread be on my tires to replace them i bought new tires four years ago
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
is ther any event nearby, I could attend ?
what I need to verify my account
what is the email address for tessa
I've got a repeated tranasaction on my card.
you have done that correctly musch appreciated.
will you repeat my reminder list
that's enough, just stop.
explain further please.
can i see the previous episode
Find me a train ticket to Cleveland on April 14th
where do you suggest i plan my next vacation
great job, you did well.
amazing job, you have done well.
i tried to withdraw money from an atm and i was declined on front of my friends. Why did this happen?
please change my name to loverboy
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
you should reply to the mail
book a train ticket for friday april fourteenth for boston
incorrect, it is certainly a false statement
i fancy some coffee now
Email family with details of the party
can i order takeaway from spanish place
can you spell the word umbrella for me
remove that event from list
Seems like my transfer was declined how come?
please would you replay your last phrase said.
put the song sung by shreya at the top
what will help my credit score
Why can't I verify my identity?
Please provide world hot news
find me a train ticket for the next trip to washington dc
exorbitant. Whats the meaning of this?
i really need to change my pin number for my account
Set soccer game with Mark in my calendar for Tuesday night.
What happens if a merchant doesn't accept a payment?
repeat jazz
where can i get my w2
I made a deposit in the ATM and it has not cleared
find the nearest uber
PDA name: play the song xxx xxx
i want to learn the process of changing oil
Delete the next event today
Can you make sure I get a MasterCard and not a Visa?
i'm traveling to ca soon and want to inform my bank
s2, i can not quite catch that.
whats your exchange rate
I'm still waiting for a money transfer to show.
wonderful job, you have done well.
For how much is HP selling for?
no, i think that's not the right response.
what time is it in pacific standard time
Give me low lighting in the kitchen
Today I noticed a charge for an ATM withdrawal on my account. Can you please fix this? It's supposed to be no charge.
i want to eat two pita gyros please and some diet coke
i'd like you just cancel.
There is a potentially fraudulent direct debit on my account.
I did not receive my full withdrawal amount
Why am I being charged a fee for transferring money?
include this item
is one divisible by three
Activate robot vacuum cleaner
I got some cash in the ATM but its still pending
let me know the credit card application status
tell me the music that is playing
does spirit allow more than one carry on
how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
Clear my next activity.
when does the next train to work leave
i don't mind for anything.
play music by skrillex
can i have your name please
Where did this extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
i need details on my income
call sal
I have young kids. Can they use this service?
Turn up the lights in the living room
do you know when my card will come in
Why would my payment still show as pending?
Your personal Spotify collection, Your Music/Your Library,
find me the cheapest train ticket to spain
yes your understanding is confirmed.
Why was I declined getting cash?
Will there be any extra fees for European bank card for top up?
list out my meetings today
What happens when I money transaction doesn't show up on the receiving side?
I am having issues with identity verification
How do I go about transferring money using my credit card?
i'll pass
i am in need of new checks i'm completely out of mine
Why didn't this transfer work?
tell me the exchange rate us versus indian rupees
What is todays weather?
tell me how to roll over my 401k
Find places to eat near my home.
add twelve and twelve please
i want to order some takeaway food
Who sang the song that is currently playing?
do i need a pin
make sure i get a delta flight from pittsburgh to arizona
how do i fix my card, it was declined
i must change your name to amanda
i want to use my card reward points
Set the volume to low.
I want to get rid of the account, and delete personal information .
what did the clinic say about my exams
Read shopping list items.
Can I auto-top up?  How do I do it?
block my monkey market right now
tell me again.
uhh no, i think not right response.
yes you've got your understanding perfectly.
what genre is most played on my music player
An item I bought had the wrong exchange rate applied.
can't understand that.
can you spell out "annulment
Will I have to pay extra to exchange money?
what's the expected calories in a cream filled cookie
do you have any information on how to open a new credit card
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
play ludacris hits
Give me the definition of formidable.
disable shuffle
What the singer meant by the title of the song Bohemian Rhapsody?
i need to know how much of my pto has been used at this point
can i use my app to get a virtual card
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
which is the next event coming up
remind me in 50minutes
change light color
what time of day is it in london
I am not sure where my phone is.
What are the limits to using disposable virtual cards?
How can you assist on verifying my identity?
the time zone for brazil is what
hey siri what's the time
check my email please
PDA tell me what time it is right now in Austin
Recently, a few weeks ago there was a transaction made on my account by some seller that I don't recognize. I am very certain that didn't happen  and will like for you to trace back to make sure.
Remove lunch with co workers on Thursday
did i mark the mechanic's appointment on my calendar
tell me if my alarm is set for the morning
The ATM didn't give me enough money.
Can you play my latest audio book?
blue lights please
If I get a transfer from Europe, how long until it is in my account?
I had a duplicate card and bought something and it showed up twice. I canceled my card, how do I get my money back?
Hi something is going on with the app.  I see some payments I didn't make?
PDA tell me what's on my shopping list?
it was good one, thank you very much.
make the light more visible
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
if i plan on travelling to this country, do i need a visa
do you know the temperature of the ac
no, that is a falsehood
please tell the bank i will be traveling internationally
Can I use your app to exchange USD for GBP?
i want to restore your factory settings
give me the driving directions from faripir to gurpur
order new checks, please
Olly, Lets hear WGRR 103.5
What do I need to do to verify the source of my funds?
hmm, i think wrong.
what is the capital of china
how long does it take for dough in the freezer to go off
Do I qualify for a visa card?
I must change my PIN as soon as possible.
i need a virtual card
i think your response was not correct.
what is happening with the weather in austin
Start house cleanup
There is an extra charge on my account I didn't authorise, it's just £1, what is it?
cancel doctors appointment from my calendar
please repeat that.
Why would my transfer be declined? I've checked that I've put in all the right details, but it is still declined.
what if you need to obtain a new credit card
Can I make sure my card is delivered on a specific day?
when did pop it like it's hot come out
thanks a lot for the answer
My PIN seems to be blocked, help me access it?
create a timer that is set to go off after 25 mins
how can i jump start my car if my battery is dead
Transactions on my card look really weird. I've been charged twice for a couple things this week! Please check this and return the double charged ones.
What do I need to do in order to get a new card?
Why do I have to verify the top-up?
schedule a flight from pittsburgh to arizona on delta
what is the time in hyderabad
Can I exchange currencies with the app?
Set reminder for tomorrow at 2 pm.
how does the weather feel
Please tell me which fiat currencies you support.
tell me my next paycheck
WHAT IS POPULATION PER MILE IN ASIA
Is there a way you can have money from a purchase I made refunded to my account.
how was the weather this week
My card payment didn't work
is my meeting with frank on my list of reminders
Is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
please turn down the volume
I tried to pay contactless at the bus today and it didn't work. Any ideas why?
please play the next episode in the podcast
i wanna know who is your boss
Today is Holiday?
What are the exchange rates?
Tell me about the limit for top ups.
Where can money withdrawals be made?
get an uber to pick me up at work and take me home
play the bob and tom show
would you tell me what i said one more time again.
this is of no importance to me.
How long will my top-up be pending?
can you tell me my name for me
give me italian meal ideas
please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie
Help!  I forgot my password.
enjoy your day, goodbye
tell me my gas tank levels
it's eight at night in france what time is it in new york
I need to know which flat currencies are supported by you.
i need to make a quick decision, so roll a dice!
please can you elaborate me on what you've just said further.
Are there any limits on where I can use my card?
list current set alarms
Can I pay for my gas using my Apple watch?
what is my car's mpg
how much money do i have in all of my accounts combined
turn off lights
what was the date of my last paycheck
I need to change a transfer.
Something is wrong with my payment account since it has been declined
do you know when i need to pay my mastercard
PDA is my alarm set for tomorrow morning?
i need to know how long until the next day off
i want help making a pto request for february 22-27
what kind of things do i have to do today
what is the exchange rate as of today
How do I get the Top Up feature on my apple watch working?
What would the price be for an expired card replacement and how long will it take me to get it?
i need the data and price from my state taxes
is grocery shopping on my reminders list
when is the next time off for a holiday here
Remove the list of apps which started with letter A
Call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
light is too much
what month is today
activate my furnace please
please tell me the amount of gas i have
please book a ticket form jaipur to mumbai on tuesday
what ingredients do i need to make pancakes
if i win 200000 how do i split it 7 ways
let me know when my meetings are on monday
Do I need my raingear?
I'm still waiting on a payment
syonara, ai device!
sunny in Oslo?
i need to replace a card that my daughter spilled juice on
i need to know the amount of my income
v8 belongs on this week's grocery list.
Delete my account please. Now!
Remember that this is my favorite music.
how long will it take to drive to long beach
Remind me to pick up Mark at the airport at 6pm.
where are you originally from
How many cups are in a gallon?
what is john's phone number
I didnt get the correct exchange rate for getting cash
please order some sushi for dinner
please tell me that again.
Whats the limit on my top up
how many grams of sodium are in potato chips
I have a card payment that has been pending for some time and would like to know when it is going to go through.
Somebody used my card without my knowledge!
what is the date for next tuesday
What do I do with my card PIN?
I'm trying to use a cheque to top up
My app was on the phone and I was mugged.  What do I do?
Should I take my umbrella to work today?
how long can pizza be in the fridge
skip forward to the next episode
How do I make my card appear on the app?
Resume Inkheart
I requested a refund from a merchant days ago but I do not see it in my account.
I made a transaction this morning and would like to revert it.
Set a event for the evening
Can I get a train ticket to...
Is this card available to United States Residents?
is there an outlet plug adapter
I accidentally left my phone at the hotel so now I'm not able to use the app.
Play for me 99.5 radio fm
set colour blue for all lights of my house
confirm the question please.
what lists do you have on you right now
When do I get my card PIN?
You did not give me the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
What US credit cards do you accept?
what are the ratings like for chilis
phones
still need to get card pin
could you tell me it one more again.
please show me the local weather
How can I reset my darned PIN number?
how's the traffic
lower the lights in the bedroom
plants
set the coffee maker to on
I would like a Visa card.
locate me the amazon restaurants
My card was used without my permission.
i'd like to send steve my location
reserve a table for 2 at red lobster at 8:00
hi i want to order fried chick with white sauce
in six days, what will it be
where is my cellphone
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. Please help.
what gas does my car use
What all am I required to show for the identity check?
how often should i have my oil changed
Whats on my list  agenda for the time being
events in the local area
i need help making pancakes
i want to hear about your pets
how much is in my pnc account
weather forecast please
say what you've said one more time again please.
yes get the answer perfectly.
what time will my flight be boarding
What are the steps for changing my passcode?
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
IS TODAY A SUNNY DAY OR RAINY DAY
have i received any emails from my father
can you put a stop on my bank account now
I got a message that I need to verify my identity; what do I do?
Can I keep using my card after it expires?
i must have you repeat that
find me an uber
what is 60 percent off of 350 dollars
Where do I find our how to get a physical card?
can you remove this item from the list
what timezone is sacromento in
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
I paid with my card and ended up being charged a fee.
Is the verification number on the top up card
i need to hear the volume of the current music
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
Where can I find your locations?
the answer to that is a resounding yes
Play biography of Jackie Kennedy
describe the statue of liberty
can you find my package in transit
i want to pay my bill through the app
Can I order a new card?  Mine is about to expire.
brighten the lights please
help me learn something intriguing about turtles
I've made a horrible mistake!  I transferred money to the wrong account by accident!  I entered one of the digits wrong.  I need this cancelled immediately please.
I need some coffee made Olly.
place family phone on instagram
current traffic
wouldn't mind for anything.
Are all fiat currencies supported?
What is the time in the Pacific timezone?
is there travel alerts for greece
how do you describe yourself: as a computer or a human
Help me cancel my transaction
play melody songs
olly will you shut down please.
nice job, you've done well.
start a grocery list
What is the top-up limit for my card?
Find a train going from Prague to Brno
what are the names of all my saved lists
I haven't received the money from the check I deposited.
have you seen my cellphone
How long will it take to get to me?
Why have my top ups been canceled?
what's the process for getting an american express card
how much is my gas bill
will you please clarify again.
coin flip, choose heads
Initiate Celine Dion music
open lyft
i have to jump start my car
what would be the exchange rate of currency in japan
Respond to email
i would love to redeem some smart speakers with my credit card points
remove six am alarm of whole week for future
flip it please
start radio play
make me a strong cup of coffee
control lights turn off room lights
suggest a good genre movie that came out recently
when should i change this oil
Transactions on my card look really weird. I've been charged twice for a couple things this week! Please check this and return the double charged ones.
please show me what transactions i made on the first of this month
please put lawn mowing on my list of to dos
cancel action
what's the weather like on friday?
pull up my recent transactions on my mastercard
olly would you please shut off.
turn the lights off in the bedroom
Remove meeting for Wednesday morning
closest chipotle
Please help in finding my card PIN, thank you!
turns my son's room lights off
thank you very much for listening.
Where do I get my pet fixed?
book an uber with the destination set to david's house, please
can you turn off the smart socket
what kind of mileage am i getting
Olly, what do I have planned next?
when is the next time off for a holiday here
search for pizza nearby
Is my PIN the same thing as my passcode?
Do you have any limit on the auto top-up?
How are top-ups verified?
Add my meeting in Google office tomorrow, 10 AM
i have how many vacation days left
what is the square root of nine
Olly, I need some coffee, please.
how long will it take to get to long beach terminal from long beach airport
i'd like to hear a fun fact about adult entertainment
turn on when plugged in else turn off
play radio disney
find the nearest uber
turn speaker volume down
The card is non-functional.
how do i choose the correct oil and how do i change it
When I'm traveling is it possible to add money automatically at certain time points?
May I receive a different card pin
How is this song titled?
clear all data from calendar
Power up the vacuum.
lights at percent
Why was I charged for payments? You didn't warn me about additional fees.
when is our next free day
olly i would like you stop.
I want to cook Italian dishes show me some.
book a taxi at my home address for right now
Will I see fees from adding money with an international card?
Why am I charged a fee for using my card on some purchases?
What time does the dinner party start tonight?
when did i last take my car in for maintenance
read available lists
Cortana, open up and play music from my 'jogging' playlist?
Is the time currently correct for where I am located?
White
Bank transfer to account did not show up, please help?
My money is back in my account after a seller contacted me stating they never received payment. I am positive it was deducted out of my account. Please get this sorted out right away.
Who sings the song that I am listening to right now?
check emails
how long until we get to Chicago
Is there a way to link the card i just got?
i want to start war and peace where i left off
share the nutrition info for spaghetti with me
incorrect.
tell me the area code for jen k
rate this song five stars and save the rating
did apple stocks go up or down
i want to know when is the next holiday
please tell me the main points of my two hundred meeting from this afternoon
check in a taxi for booking
Please set a meeting for <insert date and time> on my calendar
Can I change to another currency?
what's up
can you help me find the interest rate for my sba account
There was an extra charge when I made a transfer.
who has responded to my business within the last 24 hours
did i spend a lot on shoes recently
what is the name of that song that just went off
thanks for your answers.
Why is my refund not visible on my statement?
call golden taxi to pick me up at seven pm today
I tried to send someone money but they haven't received it.
12AM REMOVED 2PM SET
show me podcasts
i like electronic music
show X's contact detail
Add a Tab to the shopping list
How long does it take for a purchase to go from pending to authorised?
Top up on my Google Pay isn't working.
start calling me jake from now on
i'm travelling to boston soon and want to inform my bank
you rock, musch appreciated.
i need to cancel my reservation after all, please
i do not mind for whatever.
My money is back in my account after a seller contacted me stating they never received payment. I am positive it was deducted out of my account. Please get this sorted out right away.
turn the lights blue
start a grocery list
email my mom
is it snowing in the next two weeks
how far above sea level is denver
what timezone is the country in
can you please disregard the party that i will be going to this weekend on my calendar
resume audiobook
hey sound is low can you tune it up
I want to use a cheque to pay.
currency converter please
hmm, not correct command.
wrong i will repeat the command now.
Speak louder
Is it going to rain on my birthday?
sorry but i think you're not correct.
what is the name of the artist that created this song
ah it's awesome, olly.
How long does it take for a transfer?
How do I track the card you sent to me?
Can you provide a reason as to why my transfer did not work?
address me by the name stan
the command was confirmed.
will it be okay if i use water instead of milk
Am I able to get a refund for a purchase?
run vacuum cleaner
What is the age limit for an account?
How long should it take for my top-up to finish? I've been waiting a while.
i think you have made a mistake, please rectify this.
I want to op up my account by using bank transfer. How do I go about it?
what steps do i need to take to take a bus to detroit
I transferred the rent payment for my new place a couple days ago but the landlord says it's not there yet, despite showing up as done on my side. I checked the account number I sent it to and it's definitely correct. Can you please verify if the transaction really went through or not?
figure out what percentage thirty is of one hundred and sixty three
flip a coin, you win with heads
I was given the wrong exchange rate when getting cash
What does a million raised to a million called?
I am having problems with a top-up.
Why was there a fee when I pulled cash?
order a takeaway sandwich and soup from the italian's
have i received any emails about jared's birthday
I wondered if multiple currencies is okay?
I look but I see no virtual card. Why is that?
go to the third episode of this podcast
would you please ask the question again
goodbye, ai assistant
Which cards and currencies do you support?
do i have a busy day today
please give me detail one dollars equals rs
OLLY, SEND MOM AN EMAIL TO REMIND HER TO MEET ME FOR LUNCH TODAY
How much are the rates of exchange?
I normally have no issues making transfers, so why am I suddenly being told it is not possible?
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
It's too dark in here
Tell me about Romance.
what happens to the funds if a merchant refuses the payment
make me a cappuccino
what interest rate is bofi giving me on my cd
move to the next song in the list
how many canadian dollars can i exchange for 200 yen
What is the headline from today's morning local news?
how do the cards work?
i gotta cancel my reservation for barry at red robin
yes it's confirmed.
How do I get to Brighton?
i need a break start it after five minutes
when should my car's tires be changed
how many lists do i have
track down my phone for me
help me with my transfer
where is the hottest place on earth
when is my card expired
where's my phone at
mute the sound
please can you confirm the question.
nearest walmart loction
I'm not verifying my identity.
Add Yoga class at noon to my schedule for the next three Sundays.
what is your best joke
Set an alarm in an hour's time
Is there a fee for topping up
Where do I pay with my card?
fantastic response.
What movie is this song from?
I have a transfer from the US, How long is the wait?
Hey I want to get a refund on something I bought, but not sure how to go about it. Can you please just cancel the payment, I have not received the item yet.
what is intercontinental mean
it is five forty five am in liverpool what time is now new york
how long should i cook chicken
what is the current time in london
Why is there a fee on my money transfer?
it's cool, thanks.
could you set up a timer for me
What can I do about some payments on my card I didn't make.  Please put a freeze on my card till we can figure this out.
order pizza from domino's
Someone hacked into my cards account.
my name is what
Delete item from my list
can you put in a pto request for march 4 to march 6 for me
Is jack send any email
For some reason my account's been charged an extra dollar.
is a plug converter required for haiti
This fee shouldn't be there after I paid with a card.
Do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
What are the countries you support.
How do I transfer money into my account?
Why do you need to know so much about me
revise the ai name
i need to know the status of flight dl123
check my twitter notification
I see a $1 charge in a transaction.
Please play songs in music player only Arijit singh's.
play heart shaped box
I'm not sure what I need to verify my identity.
i want to know my credit limit
how would i walk to the liberty bell from here
please thumbs up this song
let me know how you are doing
pull up peking garden online
i need a hotel room for 4 people from may 3 to may 5 in boston
suggest a meal from thailand please
If I lost my phone, how can I stop someone from accessing my account through the app?
i need a block put on my chase account right away
tell me a dog joke
find me a train ticket to boston
taxi now
Help! I forgot my PIN and have been locked out of using my card.
please only use a whisper when speaking
What all currencies can be exchanged?
olly could you shut off.
what is the minimum payment
please start an email for my sister
Can I use my account before my Identity verification has passed?
raise your volume
i'd like to cancel my reservation for 5 at hoss's steak house
volume set to 4
Do you have to be in the UK to get a card?
what is the calorie count of an apple
Is Alex saved in my contacts list.
Do you convert to Euro?
This article is super cool, can you share the link to facebook for me?
How much does it cost to make transfers?
What is the cost for an exchange fee?
could you please shut down.
i would not mind, olly.
display latest emails
What is the wait time until money reaches my account?
rename bob to betty
Play for me the music by Madonna
look up animal and give me the definition
what is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
that is enough, just cancel.
Can you tell my why my funds transfer did not work properly?
Put the last song on repeat
Olly where is a nearby park where I can go running?
I paid my rent into the wrong account, could you please pay it into the right account, it needs to be done by tomorrow.
can i get to work on my fuel tank
show me nearby takeout restaurants
did you get what i just said correctly?
I just got married and I need to change my name
Find a non-stop train to Seattle
this is unimportant.
I see a charge of 1L I do not recognize on my statement
ah that's awesome work.
I have lost my credit card in the ATM!
I'm not certain my top-up went through yet.
Need help with a stolen card.
provide wall street journal news
I want to make next week's to-do list
Check if alarm is set for 6 AM
play radio
abolish an item from list
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
My card is missing!  Help!
When will my top-up be completed?
play npr on this station
what's 3 plus 3
ai, please flip a simulated coin
it's useful, thank you.
shit, i think wrong.
Could I get a mastercard if that's reasonable?
I entered in the wrong PIN.  Please help me unlock my account.
why is there a block on my account
what is the lowest amount i can pay for my electric bill
walk me through the process of applying for an american express card
Where should I withdraw money from?
My cheque is taking a while
text sal and let them know the answer is yes
show me chinese food near me
Is top-up possible with Apple Pay?
New email for contact
i wouldn't know.
What is the time difference between eastern and pacific time zones?
What commission do you take for currency exchage?
tell comcast their customer service is slow
can you tell me the interest rate
Are the funds I requested from a merchant a few days ago in my account? I do not see them.
can you prepare a cheese sandwich
Olly book me a ticket to Paris on eurostar this weekend
I recently made a transfer but I need to cancel it as soon as possible.  Please let me know when this happens.
My top up didn't work.
please recommend a movie
what's the eta for a new card to come in the mail
what company were you designed by
I need a taxi at 8 tomorrow morning to take me to work.
Free up my schedule for the next week
how report that scratched my card
What's the latest email I have?
i want to know the latest local news of the city
Will I be charged for a SEPA transfer?
can you say it one more time again please.
pause the audiobook
What steps do I need to do to delete my account?
what are the latest updates on my facebook account
chai point have delivery option,plz check it.
How is my order
I would like to verify the source of my money
is it possible to rent a car from new york on 3/2/19 to 3/5/19
What's the weather for the entire week?
initiate vacuum cleaner
Why was I charged for a cash withdrawal at the ATM?
show me a funny joke
you do not get what i asked.
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
How many cups in a quart?
i will need warm socks in winter in morning
play the song called amazing grace
add my car payment on the twelfth in my calendar
I am attempting to make a purchase online, but my card is not working.  I know there are funds available, is this an issue on the banks end?
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I need some help.
Whats the delivery time to the United States?
Do the disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
what do i need to set up direct deposit
where can i got to grab some drinks in west chester
i need to hear how many points i've obtained on my capital one visa
great job, you have done well.
Is mile marker 65 where the hanging tree is located?
what are exchange rates
turn the kitchen lights off
I can't get my card out of the ATM
tell me the preparation method for chicken sixty five
How long does it take for a cheque to post to your account?
how many new emails since i last checked
Are there any updates in regard to the election?
Is it possible to purchase more physical cards with my account?
play favorites
i was unclear about the last sentence.
can i apply for a paypal master card
Whats happening in my day
what is the amount of dollars i get if i trade in 6 yens
brighten the light of hall
go ahead and confirm my reservation for kevin at red robin
How can it be that my Card is not functioning anymore?
How can I get a second card for my daughter?
i want to hear what i've just said again.
My card payment was cancelled.  Why?
can you shut off please.
what is the fee for a transfer into my account
what time is it exactly in the new zealand time zone
Can I verify a top up?
my payment was rejected, do you know why?
The card I have doesn't work.
what types of hobbies do you enjoy
play a song for me
play the list from my favorites
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
think about if you could only say one or the other, which animal do you see yourself choosing, cats or dogs
I want to invest some money in some of the things I like, what are your best recommendations.
Can I receive payments in another currency?
turn on the roomba for me
Play music by KORN
How long does it take to transfer from china? Is there a way to transfer it quickly, I need it urgently?
How many euros is 1 dollar?
can you give me train times for ann arbor
i am unclear about your answer.
I'm interested in holding and exchange for flat currencies, what do you support?
whats the currency exchange rate from dollars to euros
Hello! I need to order a disposable virtual card. Where can I do that at?
My latest payment was declined! What happened! I was told everything had been resolved and was back to working order again.
I would like to use the bank transfer feature, but I can't find it. Can you please give me the details?
I want to listen to a sports podcast.
tell me a funny joke
i have my clothes list
The app reverted what I topped up.
What is the weather forecast for Seattle?
how much are taxes in my state
can you remove that event from my calendar, please
i heard that opening a new account will decrease my credit score, is it true
how close is a gas station to mcdonalds
what music service has some soul music i can listen to
please help me book a rental car in appleton
How many pesos to an American dollar?
turn on my alarm
Why did my top up get pulled back out?
talk quieter please
when was my car in the shop last
if you're in melbourne, what timezone are you in
would you please check instruction.
PDA how do you cook Black Eye Pea?
Hi, i was checking my old statements and found a discrepancy with a large amount transaction. I am sure it was not done by me. Please let me know if i could raise a dispute as its very late.
uh no, you gave me incorrect information.
Alexa is traffic heavy on route 80 today?
i am express delivering my card to the us, how long will that take
Whats the weather report for Bangalore today
add this tune to my jazz playlist
Play some good background musc
share me a joke
If I exchange currencies frequently, is there a discount?
What is the system for determining the exchange rate?
Is it sunny today?
I tried to withdraw cash, but got declined!
awesome job, you have done well, olly.
tweet verizon customer service
Are you batteries all charged up and ready to go?
play random radio station
Why could my transfer have been declined?
what gun shows are in tulsa
Could you please help me to order some Sushi from Deliveroo?
I need to know which fiat currencies I can use with you.
what time does my flight board
i need my pin number for my bank of america account and i can't remember it
i wanna laugh can you make it happen
will you just stop please.
Have a payment that I haven't done.
on march 1-2 i want a pto request made for me
olly can you please shut down.
text josh and tell him i need a delivery
how many liters are in 1 gallon
find game
play the electronic playlist
i need you to switch to whisper mode
Olly, read back my grocery list to me.
find a ride to the bar
Is my order ready for pick up now?
Where is the transfer I started?
I want to know how many feet are in a mile?
how healthy are french fries
order a pizza for me
is bills cell phone number in my contacts
I haven't received the PIN yet.
have no idea about which to choose.
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in eithiopia
what happened to my luggage
are there international transaction fees associated with my td bank card
Can you create new list for me?
turn up the volume level to 4
please help me find my phone
turn up the volume on the music
Remind me to play this song tonight.
What were yesterday's activities between 5pm and 8pm?
would you give me available flights out of dallas to miami on june 8 for under $340
how can i schedule a vacation request
you've done it right thanks, olly.
are you real or an ai
The app does not know it is me.
what date is today
my marriot rewards card has how much for a point total
Show me the best podcast of rock songs having good rating.
louder
There is a cash withdrawal in my account that isn't mine.
set a 10 minute timer
tell me about alarms
Remind me to go to my meeting tomorrow
turn off one light on porch
i want directions to phoenix
Do you charge a fee for adding money in USD?
I did not get my card yet, is it lost?
turn down the sound
that is excellent.
store opinion on song
can you remove that on my calendar
i need a hand getting this gas bill paid
it's great one, musch appreciated, olly.
remove all the events and schedules
I need to get a disposable virtual card?
I think I was charged twice, please help!
take off fries from the shopping list
what time have you set the alarm
can you repeat.
What is the process of card activation?
what's the best way to make chicken stir fry
shoot the dice!
how much are my state taxes
where did you live prior to living here
what amount is my income
what are the nutrition facts for a mcdouble at mcdonalds
what part of the world is the safest
tweet real Donald Trump that Angela Merkel will not shake his hand anymore.
whats my schedule today
Is there any way i get a disposable virtual card as well?
open fm
tell me some funny joke to laugh
PDA, What is the weather like in MiamI Florida today?
what's the timezone for britain
how much is my xfinity cable bill
what groups are listed in my contacts
what's my eta on the bus ride to church
what music do i usually listen to
my car battery died, what should i do
i would like to know what today's date is
what are some good vegan restaurants in broadripple
open derek's contact information
select the information on the contact
what's the interest rate on my savings
It won't let me verify my identity.
pda email
Can I track the card that you sent me in the mail?
Find and Order Domino pizza at nearest store of domino.
i need to book a train for tomorrow to go to new york
what's the next event at the library
whats the reward balance for my visa
Let me know what the steps for the identity checks are
Hey Olly, I want to get trains to Manchester on Wednesday.
I want to hear I Got You Babe, by Sonny and Cher can you play that Olly.
could you please recommend a Mexican restaurant for take out?
is my day off approved
set a reminder alert for saturday nine am towards payment of electricity bill
vacuum the house
book an uber to los angeles cinemas in one hour
what cards and currencies are accepted?
Please specify any limitations that come along with disposable cards.
I thought I lost my card but I found it today, so I would like to reactivate it.
How are things looking for the meeting with John?
My card was taken from me
i was at costco trying to buy sheets and my card got declined
track package, please
send a text to mom saying i'm on my way
Would you please unblock my pin? I don't know why, but it's blocked.
When will my balance reflect a deposit?
Is it possible to get a refund for the item?
could you please help me, my card has been stolen and i need to report it
can you put in a pto request for march 7th to the 9th
how would i say what is your name if i were french
please put bread on the grocery list
let me know the lowest amount i can pay for my cable bill
can you tell me my spending limit
jazz could be choice for me
i could not understand what you have said.
Initiate the music on the electronic playlist
will i need sunblock this weekend
find me info on cars
order me postmates of mcdonald
post swagging in LA on my facebook timeline
currency exchange rate
What's the exchange rate between the U.S Dollar and the Euro?
I was declined when I tried to withdraw cash!
prepare email for susan
Please remind me about the meeting with Julie at 5 pm this evening.
The machine only paid me a hundred when I wanted 20
i'd like to listen to ninety nine point five
brighten up the room
did i get an email from Mike
i made a payment with my card and was charged a fee, why would you do that
What is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro?
Show me the amount of transactions I can do with a disposable card.
please turn on my coffee pot
What's on the news today?
My cash withdrawal was not entirely complete
How much can I top up on my card?
just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning
Will I be sent a new card before mine expires?
who can i talk to right away about the current freeze on my account
use delta to book me a flight from dallas to pittsburgh
clear all events from march seven
Which ATMs accept this bill of fare ?
thank you for the heip
Post to Facebook: I'm home
what music is this
would you just stop it please.
Two days ago I did a transfer to another account within the country.  It doesn't appear the transfer went through.  I have verified the account number several times.  Could you please check on this for me?
I have a disposable virtual card here, so would you tell me what to do with it?
i am needing to know what song is playing
I got cash and the exchange rate should have been different than it ended up being.
can you assist me with the auto top up ?
convert one dollars to rupees
how many alarms do i have set
The payment on my card shows as pending.
My payment card was declined - could you tell me why?
yep, that's right
what was the date of my last car service
you had me incorrectly.
Change the colours please
are there any events going on close by
The card has suffered a security breach.
I found an unauthorized card payment
What would II do if I wanted to activate my new card
PDA, what sound does a dog make
how can i use you
i need to know the due date for my credit card
No Visa please. I want to continue with Mastercard.
How old do my kids need to be to use your service?
If I have $500 how many yen would that be?
What events are scheduled for me to do today
what vaccinations are required to enter paris from outside the country
where to funds come from
When I withdrew money from my account the other day, I noticed that there was a fee.  I didn't think that there were any fees for withdrawals...?  How much will I be charged?
I might need to exchange between USD and GBP, is this possible with your app?
Can you do exchanges of EUR?
How can I transfer money from an outside bank?
Why are you asking so many questions about me?
Play next episode of Con Man.
i need you to set an alarm for 8am tomorrow
can you tell me the process for obtaining a copy of my w2 for my taxes
tell me the trains from california to new jersey after eleven pm
Is there a list of where I can use my card?
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train
check all new emails in my inbox
is the last order is ready
Please find description of the newest Canon Rebel camera.
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
what is the minimum payment for the bill
Delete the last line.
Play for me the music by Michael Jackson
i want to hear that again.
the magnetic strip on my card is scratched, let the card company know
Do I have to verify my identity?
what is my health insurance
how has your life been changed by me
What do I need to do to verify the source of my funds?
Is there going to be any flip flop weather soon?
how many rewards do i have on my chase card
What has to be done to verify my identity?
great work, you did well.
Repeat the last song
yeap you get that perfectly.
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but according to the app a transaction was made when i didn't make it.
please give me all shop names in a two mile radius
The ATM machine stole my card.
do i need some shots, if i am traveling to china
tell me the inventor of ai
abort
I have a top up that didn't go through.  Why?
google train tickets to washington dc
what is the amount of gas in my car
i need to know favorable reviews about boston restaurant
This song was very good!
Whats on the radio that I would like
is today st. patricks day
move money from one account to another
How many cups of water do I need to boil an egg?
can you tell me about your hobbies
Why hasn't my cash been deposited yet?
Why isn't my ID being verified?
Set my calendar to remind me to buy groceries every Friday.
i need everything deleted from calendar please
how is the traffic at the moment
call a taxi company
can you tell me what the wait is like right now at cracker barrel
What cards do you offer?
Is there a reason for my top up to be cancelled?
brightness ninety percent
i would like to make a transfer
Someone else is using my card, freeze it.
Skip forward to the next episode of this podcast.
Strings and pianos, but only accoustical guitar not electric please.
complain to philips
What is the time difference between central and eastern
look up in contacts
please add deodorant to my shopping list
whats on my agenda for the time being
what is the first 5 subjects in the email?
My card is stolen.  Help!
could you tell me the last one you just said again please.
what movies are playing right now
can you tell my bank that i'll be travelling internationally soon
Do I need sunscreen?
When will my transfer move out of pending stage?
Can you make this event repetitive?
tell me about my income this week
how many calories does a scoop of chocolate ice cream contain
do you know when i need to pay my mastercard
help me to roll over my 401k
i would like to have my credit increased to 5000 dollars
who is singing this song
start alarm
Explain how to sear a steak
email my mother
i need to hear again.
My card payment wasn't accepted.
on my reminders list, is there an item called conference call
i'd like to hear what you just said again.
what sort of nutrients does a steak have
what did you mean by saying this.
tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again
how much does it cost to add money
report the card has been torn
it doesn't really matter, olly.
i need an uber to times square asap
What all currencies can be exchanged?
How do I make my card show up in the app?
can you check what is on my calendar for tuesday
ways to build credit
please text john
are my health benefits good
what day is our next free day
Where does Fred work?
My money has disappeared. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's gone. What is happening?
When is the first 70 degree day forecast?
can you check and confirm detail please.
a table for two needs to be reserved for 7:00pm at olive garden using the name michael
What day does my birthday fall on next year?
can you tweet lif about their app crashing
Which ATM's accept my card?
I'm checking my statements and I saw a purchase from a couple weeks ago that I don't recall at all. Not only that, but I don't even know the business that charged it. I'm not sure if I did it or not, but can we check it and see if we can trace it back to make certain?
can you put this on facebook
give me my to-do list
The service of this company sucks, I need to terminate my account.
next episode
sorry but that's not correct.
wouldn't bother.
how its come to us
what type of fuel does this car utilize
what is the fastest route to town
Hi, I was just checking over my card transactions and notice I was charged twice for a restaurant visit this week. Can you please remove one of these false charges from my account?
do you accept from usa credit card?
repeat the current song
do i have any meeting to go to today
lower the volume to twenty
clear my day olly from meetings
Hi, I'm trying to purchase a flat and I'm needing the first payment for the mortgage to go through on the flat I'm trying to buy. For some reason I keep getting an error.can you assist in making this transfer? What is going on?
can you please freeze my account
fantastic work, you did well, olly.
how much is 1 dollar worth in country b's money
i would like you to repeat yourself
why hasn't my cash arrived yet from my cheque?!
it does not really matter for me, olly.
PDA, I want to listen to a joke.
please elaborate me about the last sentence further.
I hope it is sunny weather there.
How many disposable cards can I have at one time?
that's correct
Why was I declined when I tried to get my money?
Is there valet service at the event
do you have any ideas for a mexican meal
dial someone's phone number
play a podcast about latest yoga videos
Confirm I have set an alarm for 6 AM
send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
how can i unfreeze my bank account
sorry but i think got that not right.
am i going to need vaccines for the trip
best shop in local area
did not get what you said now.
turn the lights to red color
Replace the old light with new powerful light
Is my card working? It's the first time I tried using it I tried to get money out of an ATM, but got nothing.
My top-up has been cancelled.
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
has my mastercard application been processed
The wrong amount of cash came out of the ATM today when I went to withdraw. When I looked at the app, it was showing it was much more.
how do i order some more checks for my bank of the west account
Where do you export the cards to?
could you please switch to whisper mode
please slow down i can't understand you
send tweet to wallmart
tell me summary forecast microsoft stock forecast to thirty days ahead
doesn't really matter for me.
entertainment news
How can I set a new pin.
What's the news in politics?
Do you support direct deposits from my employer?
cookies have how many calories
is it possible for a hotel to be booked by you for me in afghanistan at the zoo for the 10th to the 15th
When I want it to take down notes
turn on alarm thirty minutes before liverpool started to play
what's the recipe for fish soup
What is the reason a transfer shows as pending?
Start email for address not in contacts.
PDA: I need a good chick-flick, any thoughts?
is it possible for you to whisper for me
i need to know all of the emails from contact pertaining to subject
what is my monthly spending limit because i was refused my money at an atm
it will be good if you yellowish the light.
sorry but it is incorrect.
How long do cheques take to post to your account?
I made a purchase and was charged at the wrong foreign exchange rate.
how heavy is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas this hour
I need to top up, can I use google pay?
email john (body)
Can I use cash to top up my account?
what are the lists I have?
share me a joke
Can you order me takeout?
What time is it in Hong Kong?
ah that's perfect work.
Do you want to play a game?
i want you to confirm the detail please.
can you show me how to report a lost card
I want to order some food
turn the volume off
Can I have a spare card for this account please?
Can I cash deposit to top up my account
lower all volume on speakers please
Hey olly what is the last time I got an email
provide contact location
What is my money worth in other countries?
open song name
My refund is missing
Request an Uber now
what are the carry-on fees with delta for international flights
i am going out of country and my bank needs to be notified
turn the volume down a little please
Take away all events.
change light color
What is this fee for card payment?
what is a good beef recipe
add this song to my slow jams playlist
Remove the next event on my calender
reply
play me some U2 from the 80's
how much is it to exchange currency
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at kelly's for moreno
Olly, I need directions to Madison St
I need to know what these extra charges are on my statement?
delete an last event reminder of twenty ninth of march twenty seventeen
Where is the virtual card?
I wanted to know why my transaction didn't go through.
Should I wear a jacket today?
olly can you please shut up.
I was informed that transfers were free. I noticed I have a fee but why?
Show me the directions for going to Boston via Seattle.
Where is Ashwin?
what's that song that is playing now
can i have podcast of tvf
see you in a while
where do i find the routing number for sunflower bank
Olly what activities are taking place in my area
yeah get answer right.
Give me the idea of current traffic condition
Please give me a 2 hour warning before next Saturdays meeting.
how do i fry pork chops
what ingredients are in spinach dip
Add a lunch date to my calender for March 15th from 12 noon to 1pm
that does not matter with me.
you've done it right thank you.
hey, would like to know about celebrity X.
what is currently breaking news
What are the fees of using an international card to add money?
I need to top up, can I use google pay?
can you tell me how much i spent on grocery shopping recently
What should I do with my atm that got stuck?
i need to expedite my card
how do i freeze my bank account
do i need a visa to scotland
Why are you not accepting my transfer!! I've tried a couple times already now and it just keeps showing an error message
I am not in the UK can i get a card?
Open train ticket app
todays a lovely day what the date
can you tell me what said once more.
you are awesome,.
will i be charged if i use my card in canada
What is IBM stock at?
book me a single train ticket travelling to new york city leaving after nine am
I would like to get your card in EU. Is that possible?
My card has not arrived yet.
Create a reminder for Visa application on this Thursday
Is there any way i get a disposable virtual card as well?
I changed my mind on something I purchased through you and I need the transaction canceled and a refund as soon as possible. Can you help me please?
How do i cancel a charge?
Let me know when Casey emails me.
If I get another card, what kind of fees am I looking at?
who froze my bank account
What will be the temperature today for Miami, Florida?
i need the dollar amount due on my verizon bill, please
i need you to change your accent to the male british one
ask me an arithmetic question
How do I make more than one disposable card in a day?
get me my slow sounds
How can I get cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been actually charged though...
give description of statue of liberty
tell me the traffic condition from here to home
Where is the hottest desert located
I would like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
I haven't used my card all day but there is a payment showing in the app. Please cancel it!
miami
what questions can you answer
s2, your words is not clear to me.
How can I transfer money to this account from another bank?
yeap please.
i made a transaction recently
disable my okug
cancel that
Why can't I add any beneficiary I choose?
I signed up, but don't have a PIN. Where can I find it?
check my twitter notification
What do I do if I forgot my PIN?
what music is it
What information do I need to gather in order to activate my card?
how long should i cook the steak for
what is the meaning of interorganizational
text my coworker for me and tell them the due date
describe blanket
If you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
would you please tell me today's date
i wish you were here earlier
I did a money transaction and dont have a receipt
whatever is okay with me.
Why isn't my balance reflecting a transfer I did?
Alexa, send mom an email now
what's the tax bracket for my income
let me listen to the latest lovett or leave it podcast
Give me my list.
tell me all about hurricane
show me my contacts
can you figure out how many vacation days i have left
Can you erase the haircut I have scheduled for Friday?
i'm traveling between denver and la so tell my bank
decrease volume
Are there downsides to using a disposable virtual cards?
where can i find my w2
i need you to convert nine am cst to est time
can you schedule a vacation for next week
How can I activate the new card i got?
i thank you
i need help finding the auto top up option.
how long is a bus ride to staples
Are their certain cash machines where I can change my pin?
I'm not in the UK, can I still get a card?
when would it be required for me to get my oil changed
give me the stock price of apple
Why does my transfer still say it is pending?
Where does the 22nd fall this month?
where do i pick up a w2 form
How long does it take to activate my card?
what area were you born in
person xy oscar for which film
Play Super Mario Brothers game with me.
do i have any appointments scheduled for march twenty four two thousand and seventeen
book me a flight from o'hare to las vegas on deltacom
What do I do if the ATM ate my card?
keep me posted on _____subject in the news
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
How long should the drive to work take?
send a confirmation email to sandy
whats on my list for the time being
what is the time for the eastern time zone
book me a ride
what steps should i take if my luggage has been lost
i can't understand you because of how rapidly you're speaking
List the 20 most-repeated songs
How do i go to Athens by train?
how do i get to the museum by bus
at a minimum, what must i pay on my verizon bill
Why do you charge fees on card payments?
Provide me whith the news about Iphone
I got a package in the mail today.
lower volume
what do i need to buy to make a spaghetti
a
what number of vacation days do i have
Read me the front page of the New York Times.
Why do you need all this information about my Source of Funds?
how to make fried rice
restore your original settings
Where's the verification code for the top-up card?
will you check that please.
PLEASE BOOK A TAXI FOR ME TO GO TO THE RAILWAY STATION.
any suggestions for a peruvian meal
what movie are playing near me
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
switch wemo plug socket off
i would like you to roll a dice
what trending on twitter
what you just said was not so clear to me.
i need to set an alarm how many do i have set
i could really use a laugh right now
That's a good song
How long will it be to get this new card?
ai pick up the dice, then drop it
Can I apply for one of your cards if I live in the EU?
How long does it take for a transfer to post
What is the definition of precocious?
time and date of today
i do not recall the pin number to my card
convert 1:02 from GTM 4:30 to GMT 1:30
What are my newest emails?
Turn the security light off.
what do i have to pay on my amex that is the minimum
i do not care.
play scabble with me
Volume Control
Order from Dominos
remove john's birthday from the calender
am i on vacation this week
does charley's steakhouse deliver
i need to know the due date for my credit card
what's the typical lag time in receiving a new credit card when your previous one was lost
Show me what alarm times I've set for the week.
Email Joe and tell him to hurry.
my luggage is nowhere in sight, it might be lost
Remove the alarm
What ever happened to John Gresham?
find contact
How can I get a physical card
My daughter needs to open account.
phone christie
set a meeting with hongbin
select a new language
you did it correcly.
what's a good use of my time in toronto
my name's bob
can you shut off please.
that is unimportant with me.
How do I cancel a transaction?
What should I expect to be charged on a SEPA transfer?
what does epicurean mean
change that off the list
Which foreign currencies can I get transferred into my account?
What US cards do you accept?  I only have 1 other.
please clear the list
what are my list of commands
clear my schedule for today
Please tell me the top global news headlines.
would you check and confirm the question please.
make a timer for 5 minutes
My card payment is pending.
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
play nine hundred and seventy one
get me a flight from ft lauderale to houston on southwest
Can you tell me why my pop-up is still pending?
I don't recognize a charge on my statement.
why have I got a pending transfer? I'm confused!!
how is the weather in miami
how can i obtain new insurance
What is the date and time?
Why did they charge me an extra $1?
s1, rephrase me more on it.
book train ticket to new york
can you please repeat my list back to me
I need more money in my account. Can I add more by transferring?
i need ideas for things to do in nashville
make me laugh
what size is a sperm whale
is there someone i can talk to since i am in the airport waiting for my luggage which never came
please delete the contacts that i havent spoken to in three of months
what will you refer to me as
what's the nutritional info for an apple
can save this music in my playlist
please show me where i am on a map
you have done that right thank you.
do i have reservations at creme at 7 pm
crabmeat recipe
do i have new emails from john
Something went wrong with my withdrawal. The amount of money isn't right.
How can I setup automatic top-up?
i want the female voice
my luggage is missing i was on spirit flight ab123 from chicago
Help me change my PIN.
does vocelli's do takeaway
What times do my alarms go off?
I have to transfer something to China as fast as I can. How long will it take to arrive in China?
How old do kids have to be to open an account?
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
my party planning
turn to volume 4
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it wouldn't stop saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
delete last item listed
I think someone has access to my card numbers that shouldn't.
Is it possible to do auto top up?
Someone used my card without my permission.
Please rate this song <insert rating here>
If I want to add funds to the account using American Express, how do I do that?
hey share me some joke to make me happy
Why hasn't my payment gone through?
where is the location that you were made
would you reset what i've said please.
can you tell me the date
I always pay attention
Please delete the list
I tried topping up my account but it failed, can you help me?
JAZZ could be choice for me
Check calendar for schedules or events
I think my wallet fell out on the Tube today! I realized as soon as I got to my desk. How do I cut off the card?
add item
lindafancy55@gmail dot com
s1, explain me on this further please.
how about a coin flip
Did Joe leave any contact information in his email?
olly shut down.
is the pressure in my tires optimal
tell me the routing number for my wf account
Get yourself muted.
play bbc radio four
how would you define a car
How can I replace an expired card?
There's a €1 fee on my statement, why?
Play a party music list
how long will it take for me to get to the gas station
Alexa, what's the news for today?
Do you do SWIFT transfers?
hey olly on the twentieth clear my calendar
what are the reviews like for bar tartine
tweet terrible service
How long does it take for cards to be delivered after ordering them?
how about you save this music
what do i earn from my job
your response was not so clear to me.
help me find someone to look at my check engine light
take lunch off my calendar on the 3rd
i want to report my damaged card i accidentally cut it up thinking it was my expired card
Set a meeting with the HR department for the end of the month.
convert eight am manila time to new york time
please remove the name starts with A
i am hoping to switch insurance plans
do you know what calumny means  please look it up for me
can i have cup of coffee
is it possible to speed up of your replies
twenty second april day
show me the top rated podcasts
Can I quickly send a transfer from China?  How long will it take?
what's the amount of points i have earned with my discover card
please tell me it once again.
can you adjust the lights down
i need to sign up for a new allstate plan
what all can i ask you
remove my dinner event for monday
how's my gas supply looking
play the song called tiny dancer
I want you to remove this event
keep playing secret garden
yeah you get command exactly.
Do you know why my card payment was reverted?
hi what's up
Give me an update on the election tomorrow at noon.
what's the weather forecast for today
please play the local latin music channel on the radio
Call a taxi to pick me up right now.
Mark pick-up Leonard every Tuesday at 3pm.
make the coffee
does olive garden have take out
can you recommend good stores in this area
find a shop that sells beer
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train
what was the date of my last oil change
what is playing at amc twenty
give me a traffic update
which rom com movie can i watch in theatres around new york
were the stocks rising or declining
could you check the details.
stock price for sprint
can i substitute lemon juice for vinegar
replay this song i really like it
what would you call this kind of music that we're listening to
Would I be charged any fees if I added money to my account using an international card?
What is the rate for GBP to USD?
can you please let me know the status of my capital one application
find an uber on twenty ninth
tell next day's event
Can I use google pay to top up?
remember dinner on thursday at bistro italia
what pubs are close
call justin
pay my water bill from my checking account
call me bob from now on
tweet @InsightBB - the cable is out again in the Highland Terrace neighborhood
Is there anything new in my gmail?
Quiet please.
stop the process happening now
it was good job, i appreciate it, olly.
buy delta ticket madison to atlanta
Can you delete the doctors appoitment i had tuesday.
turn down the speakers
Please lower the volume
Does Dominos do takeaway?
i'd like to send a reply
why do you think we're here
activate robot vacuum
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
I got some cash but it wasn't the right amount.
Why is my transfer more expensive than I thought?
After the transfer, the balance did not update.
tell me what this song is called that's playing
Why can't I withdraw funds from my account?
alexa  classic rock
I need to update my phone number.
Is it 5 O' clock already?
What happens if my card payment is cancelled?
can i get a new card
anything is okay with me.
could you tell me one more time please.
dial x's phone please
My money is gone :( I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
News headlines
how much do you get when you roll an eight sided die
Plesae let me know the alarm kept for Tuesday's meeting
do people like the food at wendy's
please tell me once more.
Ok Google, lets start FMOD
do i have any mails
can i get a w-2 from the post office
calculate the travel time if i go to orlando by train
Can you tell me when my money transfer will go through
what are the new rock radio stations?
please let my bank know that i will be visiting spain from june 12th to the 24th
My card is being declined online. Could you tell me what might be broken or wrong with the account?
when are my tires next due for a change
The bank charged me fees for withdrawing cash!
will you confirm that please.
i heard ale just got married can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram
what is the weather in atlanta
Olly play music from my fav pianist
suffering consequences
please run this game
I went to the store and tried to make a purchase.  The first time, it was declined, but the second one went through.  But my App shows me that I've already been charged once and the second charge is still pending.  Can you make sure that I'm not charged twice?
how easy is it to change your own oil
are you from around here
HIGH STOCK PRICE
train ticket
I got my new card but I am not sure if it need s activated and how?
I think I was charged by mistake on my debit statement.
Pda, What time is my xxx Meeting at?
Is there any way to verify who I am?
Why is a transaction showing as pending when I recieved cash from an ATM?
How would I use a bank transfer for topping my account?
i need to know how jumping a car works
where did i last put my phone
Make the socket available for me
give me the next song
I can't seem to make a standard bank transfer. I have tried at least five times already but none of them are going through. Please tell me what is wrong?
olly will you stop it.
how do i make sure my credit doesn't fall
play audio
Do I have any email from work?
don't let me forget i have a parent teacher conference this monday at four hundred pm
stop powering the wemo socket
wait, i think that's not the correct command.
please send a text message to natalie for me
what is the exchange rate for dollars to pounds
Over the holiday I withdrew cash from the ATM and it seems that I was severely overcharged. Had I known that I would be charged those fees, I would not have used the ATM!
uh no, it isn't what i am looking for.
How long can I expect a transfer to pend for?
action
what is the current traffic situation
please brighten the room
Are these cards available in europe?
How do I find out how or where this transaction on my account came from?
Search for your favorite meal
Where do I need to live to get support?
turn on when plugged in else turn off
I don't recognize this payment on my app, I am sure I didn't spend any money there.
what were my last 10 charges on my credit card
thank you a lot for that answer
give details about the current traffic
Something's wrong my card won't work.
new policies
can you please change the time zone to us
when does the jerky expire
who you work for, please
Hey there, I just went through my most recent credit card payments and I notice the same charge for a restaurant was processed twice. There was only one meal at this place, so I would like one of the charges to be reversed and my money to be put back in the account.
could you please check and confirm details.
what are some of the attractions in gatlinburg
tell me the exact arrival time of train from newcastle to edinburgh
Why does it still charge me even though I was unable to withdraw money from the ATM?
check and confirm it please.
please make me a coffee
i think i've misplaced my phone
i need to hear your sentence again.
so how long can pizza last in the fridge
when is it recommended that i change my tires next
will you replay please.
turn off my smart plug in thirty minutes
what year were you born in
Is it possible to exchange currencies?
do they take reservations at arby's
I am dissatisfied, I would like to close my account.
I used my card to top up, but now I don't see the money in my account.
I am looking to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service provided by you.
what an umbrella means
Buddy adding event in your calendar
For how much can we exchange us dollar for indian rupee?
Clear all events from calendar
play the last next episode
cancel my meeting tomorrow
The cash deposit I made this morning has not been credited to my account
How long until I see a cash withdrawal?
I am here to change my adress.
Book taxi to New York City
would you let me know who programmed you
Will it be over 90 degrees tomorrow?
check in a taxi for booking
Please give me both a visa and a master card.
resume playing you are joking mr feynman
thanks but i think you have got me incorrect.
i did not hear you
is it acceptable to swap milk for water
play next episode of harry potter by JK Rowling
play my iTunes music
My card expires soon
yeah exact response to command.
How do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner?
what is the customer service feedback.
tell me about this cars fuel economy
when was the last time i took my car in
i need you to look up the date of my car's last visit to the shop
I found my card, I would like to reactivate it.
I found my lost card. Am I still able to use it?
I have tried using my card for the first time at the ATM of Notting Hill to withdrawal cash but it didn't work. Does this mean my card isn't working?
Is there a auto top-up option?
I need help with some transactions in my account that I dont recognize or remember purchasing. Im not sure if the name is just different or what. Should my card be put on hold while the issue gets figured out to be safe or is it ok?
Make the lights off
hey play my favourite podcast from list
Why do we continue to have Daylight Savings Time?
i'm needing dinner suggestions for mexican food
i don't like this light please show me other options
read about mary s.
please make the lights watching friendly
check question.
Which ATMs accept Mastercard?
how many calories are in a cup of white rice
i'm not satisfied with the services and no longer want to be a customer
that's not what i was looking for.
If I top up using a European card is there a charge?
does that restaurant allow take out orders
I would like to hear the theme song to This is Us
Tell me about the current weather
i'd like you to refer to me as bob
how many miles per gallon does this car get in the city
i want to hear anything you have that's funny
The seller of the items I bought online the other day hasn't received the EU transfer yet. How long do these usually take?
Start my Bible study book again.
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
what list do i have
Why are my purchases from this morning still pending?
can i increase my credit limit to 1200 dollars
nice, excellent!
what is the minimum payment for my credit card bill
When I went to get cash, it was declined!
let my bank know i will be travelling to the cayman islands
I want to hear my favorite jas music genre
The rate applied to my foreign purchase was incorrect
what's the count of vacation days i have left
is chocolate healthy
reply to that email
What time are my alarms set for?
what do you think my name is
the answer is false
How is the weather at home
eight am manila time is what in eastern time
What is the time in Paris?
How can i get new card?
What reminders do I have pending?
Is the traffic free in some particular road.
I would like to change my adress
what is the number of my credit score
I made a payment that got charged twice instead of once.
I want to deposit funds, what payments are accepted?
i did not ask for that.
what is the time difference between here and japan
info about X
will i be charged if i use my card in japan
be mute
how do i change the color of the lights
order more paper towels from amazon
i am sorry but you are incorrect.
what's your favorite joke
shit, not right.
don't really mind for whatever, olly.
i need to put a freeze on my banking account
The withdrawal was declined I am unsure as to why this happened?
what is the price of apple stock today
when was your birth
Can I get money out of any machine?
call an uber and have it pick me up at my present location
what are all my lists
i want to know how you are doing
Can you explain the virtual cards limit?
Weather in Miami
Is there a pay structure for currency exchanges?
i'd like you cancel it.
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not make by me .Never seen that it before.
Please send the new intern an email.
play howard stern on sirius
let me know about the news of india-pakistan match.
My money transaction can't be seen by the person I sent it to
immediately the credit card company must be told that i lost my card from them
Add event every second Friday of the month
ah it's good, olly.
start radio play
my cash withdrawal has not come out of my account yet.
play candy crush
what is planned for today in my local area
Get me an meeting to see Tim later on today between 3 and 5.
I'm worried my card might be lost in the mail? How long does it usually take to arrive?
I want to hear my favorite song
Can I pay for my gas using my Apple watch?
ensure I have to get up at 6 in mornning
I would like to hear some rap music.
can i find out information about a contact
please turn off your wifi from my phone
increase the volume level to 4, please
Games
need to increase credit limit for chase card
post a tweet as follows very bad follow up by abc company not satisfied in my account
I got a new address and need to change my old one.
Currency converter please
how is the traffic
Remove all alarm of sunday
Why would my payment have been returned to my account?
that's helpful, appreciated.
please turn the volume down
What is the procedure for getting another card?
A seller is stating that they haven't received money yet when the money has already deducted from my account.
use my savings account to the pay the rent
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
I tried entering my pin several times incorrectly. Why isn't my pin working?
set an alarm for 05:00 and one for 16:00
Looking at my account I've noticed a charge that appears to still be in progress. I had attempted to get money out of the machine earlier but the machine seemed to have been broken. I never received my money so will you please look into this for me? I don't want to be charged for money I never actually received.
how many calories in meatloaf
I want to open an account for my child.
in x, will i be charged to use my card
Why isn't my refund showing up?
god's plan will be my new song added to new playlist
switch off the light on the left
could you fix me some coffee
How old is Mariah Carey?
what is the status of my credit card application
does england have a different plug type and if so what is it
Is there a way to reset my passcode?
tell me where i left my phone
What day of the week does the 25th July fall on?
call christie
will i be charged extra for using my card in spain
How long until the transfer is reflected on my account balance?
yes you got answer correcly.
set the tv on
can I order takeaway dinner from byron's?
what country was einstein from
Is a new debit card free?
Will it rain in Toronto next Tuesday?
near by grocery
i don't have that information
info of rowan atkinson
can you play some music for me?
what restrictions do they have for carry-on
New tweet to consumer service
thank you so very much
appreciated, that's nice.
yeah exact response to the command.
Can I purchase with cash or cheque?
what's the ultimate day for me to pay the internet bill
play radio javan
what is playing on the speaker at the moment
Can I top-up automatically?
are there instructions on how to make buttermilk pancakes
i need to buy something, please
Help! My card isn't working at the ATM and I know I used the right PIN. Trying to get my money.
does nopa in san francisco take reservations
I'm not sure where my phone is, I think someone stole it or it's lost.
Get me the details of upcoming Oscar 2017.
How long are deliveries to the US?
where is my credit score
What time am I meeting John tomorow?
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not make by me .Never seen that it before.
PDA, do I have any plans for today?
I need more physical cards than I have right now!
can you please clarify me further on what you've just said.
how long will it take to make an omelet
When do i activate auto top-up?
i need to go now
My card isn't letting me purchase something and I wanted to know why.
what the mpg
have the vacuum cleaner clean the room
what currencies can i use to add money to my account
What time are we looking at right now?
olly i want you stop.
This is terrible, i want to delete my account
Do I need to pay more for exchanging currencies?
what is 7 x 7
convert 1 uS dollar to euro
Tell me this week's weather forecast
Play episode 3 Secrets of the Citadel
anything is ok to me.
Is EUR one of the currencies you deal with?
lower speaker volume
How long is the wait for a US transfer?
great western bank's login screen tells me i'm locked out but not why
s2, your response was not so clear.
Please delete this list for me
how much as my taxes by the way
Check for me new emails recieved from Michael
I was wondering if international transfers take longer than normal because I made a transfer from France a couple of days ago and nothing has happened yet?
you are my hero,.
will you please check and confirm it.
celebrity info
nano technology
How cold is the weather right now?
i need a list of ingredients required to make lamb stew
Why can I not take out cash?
Send mail to Mom. I am planning vacations with her nest week.
when will you do my laundry
where can i book a train ticket to oregon
My transfer is still pending and I know the account numbers are correct.  Please help.
can you find out what happened to my luggage
about how much time will it take to get to the laundry in this area
play heart N soul
Is there any rains predicted for Bangalore today
How can I tell if my card payment is reverted?
how do i change the language that your responses are delivered in
put alarm for this meeting
how long will it take me to get to walmart
Today I am feeling very stressed.
Where are you getting your exchange rates from?
change this time zone to wasington
make an alarm for the morning
When will my top-up go through?
find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
how long will it take to fix shepherd's pie
get me a flight for tuesday on spiritcom to las vegas from chicago
save this event
can i get a credit limit raise on my credit card
Are there any restrictions on the disposable cards?
How many transactions can I do with one disposable card?
Please send an email to the following email address <insert address here>
speak softer please
i am need my hat today
it looks sunny and clear today is that true
i want your volume lowered
yes fantastic.
change my light color to blue and please turn off the kitchen light
new messages
what is the square of 4
any recent news about north korea
I need to update my info.
do i need a visa to travel to canada
what company designed you
exchanging currencies costs what?
Is it possible for friends to top up my account?
what should i have for dinner
delete this item
what do you think about future
Add to the calendar a reunion event for this afternoon
I need to find the card I received in the app.
What value can I get for my currency?
Add Event on Ausgut 21 at 9am
Ok Google! Show me all the french bistros near me
It didnt work when I tried to pay contactless at the bus today. Why?
anything is ok for me.
Please check the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday. I believe I have been overcharged.
I just deposited cash to my account and can't find it!
PDA when is President's Day?
i need your help finding my lost phone
I CAN NOT FIND THE TOP-UP VERIFICATION CODE.
show stock of goog
can you get me a cup of coffee
report lost card to discover company
when will tofu expire if i keep it in the freezer
Play NPR through my living room stereo
please indicate the opening price of fra stock
what can i expect to pay in taxes
I cannot see a refund in my account
How long does it take for a transfer to finish pending?
Why hasn't my transaction completed?
delete an item
What's the closest place to withdraw money?
Why does my statement have these extra charges?
tell me the simple interest of seven with interest in two year
about how much time will it take to get to the laundry in this area
silence for two hours
How do I make an exchange from one currency to another?
what events are happening this weekend in my area
There is a direct debit that I didn't set up, what should I do?
After trying to update my account balance yesterday by cheque it doesn't seem to working. Shouldn't the process be quicker? I need my account looked at because there appears to be a problem.
do i have any new tweets
Am I able to get a refund for a purchase?
put new status
please read out all the alarms that are set
Can i top up by card?
what might my name be
Wake me up every weekday at 7
can you tell me britain's timezone
this item should be added to the list
play songs related to ACDC
i'd like the language to be in spanish
When my card expires do you send a new card?
How do I use my card to top up?
how much do i have to pay for my cable bill
what's the caloric content in a bowl of rice crispies with milk
please check and confirm details.
how slow is traffic on the five
Why is my transaction taking so long to complete?
what day of the week is the twenty second march
computer, place a call to alexa
Is there a fee to add money to an international card?
What if I need multiple disposable cards?
I'm trying to use a cheque to top up
After putting in the wrong PIN too many times, I was blocked. Can you assist me in changing it?
My card payment had the wrong exchange rate
current song rating three stars
the meaning of life
can you help me with the steps to jump start my car
Can you give me the details of upcoming annual function on 26th March?
uhh no, you gave me wrong information.
The app isn't letting me log in, but my info is correct.
i'd like you to confirm what just said please.
s1, could you please rephrase me more on what you said.
learn to cut potatoes correctly
cancel the reservation at olive garden for tommy
Make the bedroom lights light blue
what's up with my order
find my wife
can i order olive garden to go
is traffic heavy on route eighty today
tell me what meal to eat from texas
turn lights off in bedroom
Why hasn't my transfer from Europe gone through?
i like my PDA to talk to me like a friend.
change the alarm weekly settings
i need the current dart rail schedule from west irving station to north lake college
i would like to change my insurance from a ppo to an hmo plan
this is unimportant, olly.
I made a bank transfer but it doesn't seem to have gone through?
find Naty from my contacts and send her an email
Turn the plug off.
play jack johnson playlist music
can you watch a movie on netflix with me
i seem to have a purchase that i didn't make from olive garden on my account
have i been spending a lot on alcohol lately
well done,.
show news of migration
I sent a payment but now it's not showing up.
that's helpful, thank you, olly.
Does it cost to top up my card?
What should I do to top up using my Apple Watch?
can you turn on the wemo plug socket
turn off my alarm
do i have bananas on my shopping list, if not please add it
this is not clear to me.
Do the Knicks have a game at home tonight?
please put a stop on my bank account
PDA, I'd like a train ticket to this location.
can i hear the joke about the old woman again
How do I go about changing my address?
transfer 50 dollars from my checking account to my money market account
that is unimportant, olly.
give me the exchange rate between japanese yen and the australian dollar
is snap doing good after the ipo
download the latest folk songs having rating of four star or above and play all without shuffle
whats happening in football today
give me my reminders
Can I see the source of my available money?
has my vacation request been updated
will you check what i just said.
can you tell me your age
i would like you to repeat yourself
yes i like to save opinion on song playing and which player support that song
what hobbies do you like to do
my tires are filled enough or no
start my playlist
check my bank balance
is the thanks giving event on fourteenth of this month true
hmm, i think you did the task all in wrong manner.
Why does my transaction have an added fee?
What time is it in Miami, Florida?
you rock, musch appreciated, olly.
will doing this hurt my credit score
I was charged the wrong exchange rate on a purchase
start the podcast over that i started last night
I am having problems with my contactless.
PLEASE SLOW DOWN VOLUME OF SPEAKER.
does bank of america charge transaction fees if you use it in canada
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
add a five am alarm in place of my nine pm alarm
Transfer was declined, could not complete request.
are you sure that is correct.
resume my death metal playlist
what sorts of subjects do you know about
turn up the volume level to 4
your age please
how much do you charge to accept transfers
i need you to roll a dice that has six sides and tell me what it lands on
train departure
say, this product fell apart
I decided I no long want something that I ordered, and want a refund. How do I go about doing that?
is there an easy way to change feet into inches
tell me what day it is
pleas reply to the mail of allen
a little brighter thanks
if i visit cairo will i need a plug converter
what are ways to improve my credit
Is there any way to cancel a recent transfer?  I did not mean to make it and need to make sure it does not go through.
what's my savings balance at chase
are there any traffic issues
How do I replace my card?
What is the fee for topping up a US card?
oh it's nice one.
olly what songs have i listened to at least ten times
Is there any way I could open an account for my daughter?
Why didn;t my payment work
what is the scheduled arrival time for my flight
My money hasn't been deposited yet. When will it be?
send will do thanks to john as a reply to his last message
how many calories are in a one divided by of peanuts
please would you confirm detail.
I took cash and got charged a fee
Why was I not able to take cash from the ATM?
the command is confirmed.
please turn up the speaker volume
Why have I been charged a fee for transferring money?
set the temperature to 78
When will the money be made available in my account?
read me my shopping list please
you don't understand it right.
i need to let my bank know i am traveling to detroit
I don't understand why I was charged extra for withdrawing money?
increase the volume level to 4, please
you're speaking too fast and i need to change that
What is the dress code for (event)?
My ATM card isn't working for a withdrawl
what is the amount of pto have i use
let's play space invaders
please make a reminder
please could you shut off.
start the vacuum for me
how do i share my location with noel
What does it mean when a payment is pending?
how would you describe the internet
Google Pay isn't working. What is wrong?
clue me in on my credit score
Can you show me where to link the new card?
What do I do if I notice a strange withdrawl in my statement?
I need assistance finding out why I am unable to top-up my card, it keeps getting refused.  It is extremely imperative I get this resolved quickly.
can i do a transfer with swift
Can I edit my details?
What are the contents on my list?
tell me what date it is please
Which ATMs accept this placard ?
can you spell "fragile" for me
on feb 3rd i changed my tires are they still good
i'd like an appointment at your earliest availability for an oil change
whats euros kroner in 25
raise lights
play led zeppelin houses of the holy
how much do I have to pay for exchange of currency?
tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
So, I am a new customer and attempted to top up for the very first time today. It's already been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. I need to please get this fixed.
recollect nextweek GM's meeting
what do you think was the best decade
Is jackie chan married
Why did I get charged a fee for my card payment?
can you read my reminder list, please
can you give me a burmese meal suggestion, please
go to the station fm ninety six point five
I relocated and need to change my personal details.
don't mind to select any one, olly.
at 4pm how long will be the remaining travel time to the destination
where do i rent a car in las vegas from november 16th to december 16th
remind me to take out the trash
I had an unexpected fee
Why hasn't my balance been updated from the check deposit I made?
The exchange rate for the money I took out in a foreign country is wrong.
how long do i have to pay that bill
I goofed up and used the wrong account.  Please help.
can you please start my car
I need to change my PIN. Can I do that at a cash machine?
cancel list
i do not know, olly.
tell me what is song is playing now
do i have a meeting on saturday march twenty fifth
what is the weather report
what would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner
Can my children open an account?
church with mom and dad on sunday
Turn on the vacuum cleaner
I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my first payment for my mortgage to go through first. I keep getting an error. I'm not sure what is going on but i need help making this transfer.
how do you convert pounds to kilos
will you speak once again please.
Repeat Reminder for my schedule for Christmas
Where's accounting for my cash withdrawal?
how many people go to chili's around 9pm
Add an event for July thirtieth named birthday.
Why wasn't my payment accepted by the app
stop and do it again.
when was i paid the last time
What is the maximum I can top up?
customer service complaint tweet the following
I received a fee I should not have.
turn the light off
roll an 8 sided dice
turn the robot vacuum cleaner on
How do I add my new card?
Look for a taxi to go home
I need to buy gas
show me how to cook a recipe
how many days until my next day off
Make the ceiling lights brighter.
Book a cab which have cheapest price
Is country better today or ten years ago
I'm stuck here at your broken ATM and I don't know what to do next. Asked for 30 pounds, got 10. ATM said I got 30. Something very wrong here and I want my money now!
how long until my order is ready
my card was declined at the store yesterday, what happened
is my meeting with frank on my calendar
please can you rephrase me further on your answers.
Resume The Art of War
how much is ten euros in dollars
search calendar and set meeting on January  25
recipe for crabmeat
weather this week
Are all European currencies available for holding and exchange?
i don't need the reservation anymore
any pets in your household
change lights to pink
make a coffee please
What type of card can I get?
how many points did i get on my discover card
identify song
tell me the gas type for that car
I want a mastercard
could you clarify me on your response once again.
i need to know how to apply for a visa card
i want the speakers turned up high
brighten the lights a little bit
PLEASE PLAY MY CRICKET GAME.
olly put tomorrows golf tee time on the calendar
I got cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
i want to play a game with you
climate details now
what is my most played podcast
Hey go from off to ON my vaccuum in 5 minutes
Why do you need to perform identity verification?
it's dirty here make some noise
My card is about to expire.  How do I get a new card?
todays news
I am not happy with your service and request that my account be terminated!
Remind me every tuesday to go to the dry cleaners.
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
what date is it
Play song next
i need to order new checks
olly that's all, stop it.
create a blank list
i want to cancel the recording i have on the dvr list for this morning
turn up the volume
i spent a lot on vacations recently
tell me the date 5 days from now
Help me cancel a transfer.
can you give me the time in this time zone
brighten the lights a little bit
what are your best travel suggestions
look up the status of my time off request
how bad is the traffic waiting for the staten island ferry at 8 am
check for this mail in my contact if not then add it
alexa what are the chances of Donald trump turning into a dictator
i dont need light
i need a good shop
let's make some popcorn and watch an old movie together
is the traffic free in some particular road
book my first class ac train ticket from new york to san francisco
Tweet ... company to complain about
resume my audiobook where we paused last
How many emails do I have?
I was charged a fee for my transfer.
What is the greatest number of times that I can top-up?
i would love to hear a joke about the dmv
i want to know how old you are
Compose email for Robert.
Hey, I got charged extra for some reason when I purchased an app. Is this a hidden fee or something? I don't think it's very cool.
Olly how long should I boil the egg
unmute the speaker now
exchange rate for converting ten dollar to euro
Is Mt. Everest the tallest mountain in the United States?
Do I have to go into the bank to change my PIN?
start up some music
Please change the color of my lights, surprise me!
how many dollars can i exchange for 200 pounds
i want to start war and peace where i left off
can i make a reservation for 2 at state bird for 6:30, please
can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter
who constructed you
i want to order a pizza from Michael'S PIZZA
Tell me about ...
the meaning of life
DELETE ALL DETAILS IN EVENT
Check email received after 6:35 am.
i'd like to hear the last utterance spoken again.
Is there a way to make my old card usable with the app?
thanks for reminding me, olly.
Olly, write a reply to my mother's email.
play the last played audiobook
I don't know why my credit card was declined while I was trying to top-up. Was it something on my end or was there something wrong with the top-up function?
how to activate card?
i would like to cancel my reservations
What happens after my card expires?
What time is it in Moscow now?
Does this app allow currencies to be exchanged?
What is the financial capital of Canada?
Siri, what is $10 in Euros?
please tell me the total calories a single serving of chocolate ice cream is expected to contain
i need the time zone for la
olly i like you cancel it.
inform me of my credit score
make my lights blue
"what's the method to improve credit score
that is correct.
do you know what the meaning of life is
you have done it right thank you so much.
Check my email for new emails during the last hour
I require verification for my source of funds.
where should i go this weekend
did i get an email from sarah
are there any good pizza places around here
I havn't received my PIN yet.
Remove that from my list.
what is going on in my area today
What happens when my card expires?
What's the top-up limit?
olly please can you shut up.
what was said
Since I got married, I need to change my name.
How much will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency
yes you've done it perfectly.
Does your app allow currency exchange from USD to GBP?
please rephrase me on your words further.
turn on this socket
What's the youngest I can be to open an account?
i have to pay how much back in taxes
tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
I am waiting on this refund, hurry up.
How can I receive verification for the source of my funds?
how do you convert ounces to kilos
After this song play Thriller
give me an interesting fact about antarctica
what's the meeting room availability between noon and 2
has dad sent any emails recently?
i am sorry but it is not right.
How do I contact Charles?
s1, please elaborate further on it to me.
train ticket
How old is Meryl Streep?
Set reminder notification for three o'clock
8 AM in Manila is what in New York?
tell me what time it is
i think i lost my phone
I don't have any idea what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have double-checked over all of my recipient names and they are correct.
are you doing okay
confirm last thing said please.
other songs by this artist
is my order already here
what kind of music do you think i like
it isn't what i was searching for.
what are the names of all my saved lists
i'd like to hear again.
New Updates
i cracked my rewards card can i get a different one
next episode
PDAs have features that make them more robust and able to handle inclement weather, jolts and moisture.
email my boss that i will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting
remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at seven hundred and forty five pm
is there a reason you put a hold on my chase account
What are the fiat currencies used?
that's all, just stop it.
i need to know the apr on my wells fargo credit card
how many mega pixel is listed in the description of the canon
Is it possible to get a refund?
How long does a transfer from the United Kingdom take? I haven't seen it show up yet in my bank account and want to make sure I get the transfer.
What are my notifications
Can I transfer using SWIFT?
Make the lights in the house red.
how do you get exchange rates
what is mary s.'s birthday
alexa what is the dollar to euro exchange rate
How do I verify a top-up?
When should I expect to receive my card?
what is 4 + 7
What is the fastest that I can make a transfer?
weather for the next week in new york
what is my pay grade at work
Why hasn't my cheque processed?
Hey Siri!! mute the speakers
turn volume up to 4
show todays events in ny
can you please check what i last said.
please make a coffee
please use whisper mode
directions to mcdo
say one more time.
Can you please turn off the light of my bed room
you did awesome job,.
define blanket
Why can't I withdraw cash?
put sam@gmail dot com in my email contacts list
what chinese restaurants are in my area
start over the book legacy
did bert write me today
Do my kids have to be a certain age to use this service?
I traded some of my money from my native country into an ATM to exchange for foreign currency, and the money I received was a different equating amount!
this is unimportant.
i want your name to be gerry
um, i'm not totally sure
For what reason is my transfer still pending now?
make a new list for school supplies
please tell me how many emails i have
What are age requirements for opening an account?
Has my top up gone through?
what does pending mean?
cancel my birthday party
what takeout places are near me
play a melody music
I tried to get funds in hard cash but it was rejected!
let's send some money to another account
Look for Irene and play it
It's too dark in here
would you tell me about my income
when was Dolly parton born
Please remove tomatoes from grocery list.
what can i address you
how to cook a pizza
turn my lights to some random color
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at 3 pm next friday
I attempted to deposit a cheque yesterday but the balance isn't showing today. Is it still pending?
Is there a way to find an ATM around me?
remove emma's birthday from events
notification regarding the new iphone release update
Ok Google, give me the time in Sydney, Australia
Can you tell me what is wrong ? I top-up with you all the time but this time it just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
There's a direct debit on my account that I didn't authorize
Do i have to top-up with my credit card before I can transfer?
call china king chinese restaurant
What countries are getting support?
tell me what is showing on my calendar for the 17th of march
Am I gonna be charged for sending out more cards?
Can I space out how often money is transferred along my travels?
Close down my account.  I don't like your service.
If I don't have all my documents can they still verify my identity?
i need to check my rewards for my credit card
After this song, play Atomsphere.
what's song am i hearing
I didn't initiate a direct debit that I see on my account
what is the definiton of auspicious
did anyone message me on facebook
My money transaction can't be seen by the person I sent it to
Do you accept cash?
how many transactions can go on a disposable card?
What currencies are accepted for adding money?
make the sound of my speaker greater
how healthy is mcdonalds
Tell me more about getting a virtual disposable card.
I'm trying to purchase crypto via the app. I haven't been able to get it to go through. Am I doing something wrong?
What was the last email from work
Show me how can my friends top up my account.
I am still currently waiting for the cash that has been deposited into the account this morning.
i want to hear program one on lastfm
could i get assistance booking a car rental in las vegas
Tell me if there is a top-up limit.
help me find where this money came from
Could you please tell me your exchange rates?
Olly, where is a good place to eat in Seattle?
please will you check and confirm it.
is there any info on my savings interest rate online
What does it mean to be overbearing?
Can someone assist me with activating my card?
i am sorry but i think it's not the right command.
what is laptop
please turn on whisper mode because i am about to be in class
start over please.
will using a discover card in rome cause transaction fees
yeah you've got that perfectly.
how far away is the sun
Why am I being charged extra when I withdrew money?
complaint on service provider on my twitter
Do I have any meetings tomorrow?
Turn my satellite radio to soft rock morning show please?
cancel future event from place I worked
The list should contain this item.
buy a flight from santa fe to jacksonville on new year's eve that returns on the fourth, please
Will the restaurant deliver the order ?
start coffee at six am
do i have any meetings with dave today
play from favorites song no.
Love
Did my mom send me an email?
find out why i can't log in to my bank of america account
Did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar?
i would have avoided the traffic if i went early
are you sending me my card?
thanks a lot
I want to stop my account
Yikes!  I didn't get the amount of money that I requested.  What do I do now?
Why hasn't my top up gone through?
what's the recipe for rice noodles
add work email address
lost card found, want to put it back in app
Beep when I get an email from John
how do i change my oil with the correct type
What is going on? I have checked over and over and the details of my account are right. Why is my transfer still pending? It's 2018 not 1818. Transfering money to another country can't be that hard.
wake me up on Friday at five in the morning i need to catch the train
How tall is Brad Pitt?
hockey
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
do they have takeout
can you find any good places in cleveland that serve clams
What is the pending payment on my card about?
how much longer until i need an oil change
please turn off kitchen light for me
Is there any traffic?
Would it be possible to get another card?
Play Taylor Swift music
can you try the last one spoken once again.
Are trains on schedule at (specific location)?
ordering food
it's dirty here make some noise
Do i require a winter jacket this AM?
I need it delivered on a certain date.
Turn off the lights in the kitchen.
i really don't have a clue
On what do you base your exchange rates?
What news has happened on CNN today?
what events are scheduled for this weekend in me area
I see a payment on my statement for  a place I didn't make a purchase at.
turn house lights off
how much longer until i have to change my tires
when is the next train to b street
Why can't I get cash out?
Why would a cash withdrawal still be pending?
does ireland require an international visa
what is my location
My phone was stolen, what do I do?
what line is the gas tank at
I would like my card activated.
markpolomm@gmail.com
How do you top up with a cheque?
please create a list of due payment those who not received more then ten months
play the song get happy by ella fitzgeral
please don't talk any further
When is my takeaway arriving?
I keep checking my statements but no progress.I requested a refund but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
Olly, what is the weather in zip code 32234?
here's an email address
how much can i max out on my visa
i didn't hear say it again please
Just let me know whether today it will be sunny
Wave
can you tell me how to change my oil and what kind i use
I desperately need to top-up my card, so why is it being declined? Can you solve this for me? I need to use my card immediately!
I paid with card and I was charged a fee
Turn down speakers
s1, can you explain me more on your answer.
I don't want eggs
Add to the list
What is the reason for the extra fee on my statement?
Can I add a card that I just found (again) to the app?
How can i make my card active?
Disable all alarms set for today.
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Do I need to do anything specific to configure this?
What is the procedure to transfer money to my account?
may twenty two is my birthdate and i want to know the what day is twenty third may
subtract sixty from two hundred and forty four
oh it's great job.
make sure my reservation at umami with carl is canceled
i need new insurance, how do i get it
Hello. I have a transaction in my account listed as pending. I tried to use an ATM at the city centre, but the machine declined my card, and I did not receive the money. Why is the transaction still pending if I did not receive the money.
please remind this sunday to go to mass
today i got rewards Olly
How do I reset the passcode?
can i check my visa reward balance online
I sent a payment but it isn't showing up in the app
Hae there, I have a transaction that is in progress despite the fact that the ATM was not working, what do I do to avoid being charged?
What is the fee to top-up my account
can you recommend thai food
i need help, i lost my card
tweet @wendys that i don't like their product
how do i get the answer to two plus two
I see my transfer was declined.
could you explain the meaning of exorbitant for me please
you are chatbot
Good restaurants
what are the carry-on limits for flying domestically with delta
what's the current weather
can i make a reservation at chima steakhouse in chicago
I had a duplicate card and bought something and it showed up twice. I canceled my card, how do I get my money back?
put hamburger on my grocery list
accident or normal traffic
I'm concerned because my cash withdrawal is pending.
respond to all that i am on my way
remove item four
could you repeat that.
Can I use this app to change dollars into euros?
provide what is there on the list
Can you tell me why the card payment came back?
Im trying to top up my card but it's still pending and it's been an hour. Is there any way to make it go through faster? Do I not have enough?
What businesses accept this card?
i will call you zander
what's the routing number for my bank of america account
I think there has been a purchase made that wasn't by me.
Help me. My transfer was declined. How could this happen?
What's the stock price of (insert)
who sang this song
How long do you cook a fifteen pound turkey?
Why was I charged an additional fee when paying with card?
silent mode on for the next three hours
Clear all events from my calendar.
you've done that right.
Please play the local Latin music channel on the radio,
how and where are my w2 forms given
what time is the alarm set for tomorrow
i want you to call me pam
Ok Google, start KIIS FM
My payment was declined
what's the right way to spell miscellaneous
what type of event
I want to know why I have been unable to withdrawn funds.
i would like to know where my phone is
exchange rate of euro with dollar
book a train ticket from canada to las vegas
I really was trying to complete this exhange. I was trying to purchase some crypto but the app won't allow me to do it. Can you tell me what's going on here?
Delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks.
i'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date
Add work out to the calendar for Monday through Friday from 5 to 6:00 a.m.
affirmative.
do i have a party planned this weekend?
I just tried to top-up and now I'm getting an additional verification message, why?
can you give me a spelling for antipathy
please explain again to me.
show me emails from my friends
how can i keep my credit score from going down
Why is the transaction not posting?
Give me the description of a Smartphone circuit
read me my list of things to do
i'd like you check and confirm the details please.
what benefits are associated with my insurance
I would like my money back for an item I purchased
olly's response was wrong.
i need you to tell me my salary
good talk, see you later
when was this song recorded
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at chili's for jamie
What does durian taste like?
Open Twitter and add complaint on Doctor Patel's feed.
what's my pnc balance
retry what you've just said please.
Where is kansas located
keep quiet
thanks for your cooperation
email my sister about mom's birthday jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
i need my earned income form for paying taxes
call me a taxi
locate the email to giant eagle and put it into my contact list
nice to meet you
Are you aware of any charges for receiving money?
Update profile on Twitter
i need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone
i want to order some food
has anyone looked over my request for a day off
What is the track information currently?
once again elaborate me on that.
play game
What's the weather going to be like?
that's not the correct answer.
How come you assistants are never male?
It would be nice if you post status for me.
i don't want to forget to call mom
make an alarm to help me remember
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
I need a new card and I live in the United States.
following podcast episode start
would you repeat the last please.
how many days have i taken off so far
i just placed my order today, what is the status of it
My favorite music please
will you help me reserve a rental car for my trip to dallas
Why did my card payment get declined?
save that email as a new contact
Can you play back to December
Can someone please explain to me where my source of funds came from?
What is the name of the current song?
I would like to change to a different currency.
please post so bored to facebook
alexa do need an umbrella today?
I am waiting for a payment to be processed
add lunch appointment with lisa to january second at twelve thirty pm
I was charged a fee with my cash withdrawal that I shouldn't have been charged.
tell me the meetings i have for the week
Start a grocery list
Play next segment
Olly delete my meeting for two o'clock p.m. today.
My exchange seems to have something wrong with it. I changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it appears I was charged way more than I was supposed to be.
please turn down the volume
s1, clarify me on last sentence again please.
i want the speakers turned up high
hey share me some joke to make me happy
j
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
is there an update on flight dl123
add <unk>
tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
Make sure bread is on my grocery list
do you know my health benefits
it is good job, thank you very much, olly.
My money transfer has not happened yet
Are extra cards free?
how high is my credit limit
who can i call about my luggage
When will my top-up be completed?
i gotta set a timer
Are there any limits to how many disposable cards I can use?
would you let me know what flights are available out of dallas to el paso on march 20 for under $400
read my bill balances
What do I need to do for the card activation?
what music is playing on the the bluetooth now
Tell me why my balance did not change when I tranferred cash.
What spice do I use in Indian rice?
help me find my luggage
is there any meetings from 5 to 6 pm
I got charged in double and want a refund
I just completed a bank transfer and the balance didn't update
Can I use check to deposit?
s1, please rephrase once again.
what time is it now pacific time
After I used my card I saw I was charged a fee for using it
When will a cash withdrawal show up?
how many calories are in a burger
Can you start the Roomba?
secure the doors
wheres my money receipt
The incorrect rate was used in my foreign purchase
It looks like someone else withdrew cash from my account, can you help?
places with pizza delivery near me
i need a flight from the 3rd to the 7th round rip from denver international to new york international
Why would you cancel my transfer?
I need my funds verified.
thanks for the answer
give me petey's telephone number
send a tweeter complain
can you please shut down.
what amount do i make
do i have any unread emails
Are virtual cards available to get?
Please define textual
if i want to cash in my american express rewards, how do i do that
i need to book a train ticket to la
are there any events happening in town
can you lie
I have received my American express in apple play, looks like top up has an issue, please help?
find a recipe for hamburgers
play the song title
I'm having difficulty verifying my identity.
make sure the oven is set to 350 please
Am I available at 5pm on Sunday?
I need to cancel a payment. Something i purchased a while ago still has not arrived and i'm not going to pay them if they won't send me what I purchased.
i am going to asia in a bit, i should tell the bank
email 'happy new year' to john
can you set a timer for me for fifteen minutes starting now
tell me a joke about cows
the music volume should increase to ninety
what is time now in japan compared to usa
I can't get my actual card to work
I want to activate the card.
find instructions on baking lemon cake
The app won't let me log in as myself.
please set alarm for
play it after five minutes
i need the arrival time for new york train
How much is remaining after subtracting 4 from 8?
Why hasn't my card been delivered?
Follow news about Hilary email issue in future.
I have a new email.
Add these documents to the things I need to travel with.
you must change your language setting to russian
Play Sleepyhead by Passion Pit.
silent
thanks so much
How do i authenticate a top-up card?
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
Notify me about any updates on vaccine laws
Do I really need to verify my identity?
on third april we will go to watch j llb movie set it
do i need to wait to get my card before getting a pin
I made a purchase with my card and I was charged a fee for using it
show me what's on the shopping list
i need a good joke
I was retrieving money and my card wouldn't remove.
Complain to McDonalds twitter about my burger
Can I get my friends to add money to my account?
play nine hundred and seventy one
can you add this event with karl?
the ingredients in pizza are which ones
how do i get my paycheck direct deposited to my chase account
tell me the funniest joke that was ever told
email friend
is vacuuming on my todo list
Is ordering a new card from China available?
make the lights in the house red
what's the next scheduled holiday at this job
what's the capital of tanzania
please add sugar to my grocery list
go to the next episode in this podcast
s1, explain further please.
Olly, does Chinese deliver?
i would like this alarm permanently removed
I need to transfer funds from China and quick expedition is crucial. Approximately how long does it take for a transfer from China to go through?
time difference between uk and us
Please save my opinion about the song that is currently playing.
cancel dentist appointment for this week
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash when I exchanged it overseas.
Play the oldies station
Is American Express supported for adding money into my account?
I think that someone may be using my card, but I'm not sure,.
Do you also have this extra fee on your statement?
Can you tell me about the exchange fee?
what does happy mean
My exchange rate isn't correct.
Dollar rate of Philippiness peso
Is it possible to track the card you sent me?
can you describe my list back to me
I tried again to top up my card after doing it a couple days ago when it had worked. Now, it doesn't seem to be working. Can you tell me what the deal is here please?
what is the amount for train ticket booking
plan for tomorrow
search for pizza nearby
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
i do not really mind.
i don't mind to choose any one.
Can you turn off my desk lamp?
Where do I go to unblock my PIN?
Show me the meetings held last month
what is the weather for this week
how old is joanne
can you reserve a train ticket for this day
pay my phoe bill with my debit card
Please show new emails
hey what time is it in london now
is it ok to use oil spray instead of canola oil
please tell me what i can expect my bank of america interest rate to be
How can I order a card?
I was charged an extra fee for a card payment. I was unaware of these fees beforehand.
open subway surfers
12.30pm already, you will have a meeting in 10 mins
"can u set a timer for 5 minutes
hi
Why was I charged a higher exchange rate when I bought something abroad?
order takeout pizza from domino's for seven pm
how do you describe a capabara
What is the $1 transaction on my account?
can you further explain me on it please.
Why can't I transfer my money into someone else's account? I should be able to do so right? Why does it keep rejecting my transfer? There's no reason, all my info is correct and the money is there.
really wouldn't mind.
where do i get the tax form that i have to report to the irs
Is there a way to tell where the money came from?
which kinds of pets do you have
can you tell me when i should change my oil
does my calendar say i'm free on april one two thousand and seventeen
Hot news.
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
How do you check my identity?
yeah that's great.
please suggest some fun tourist activities in tokyo
tell me some funny joke to laugh
tell me what i put on the shopping list
What is the number of transactions I get with a disposable card?
please save the current song to favorites
Is there a way to verify a card top-up?
can you please further clarify me about your answer.
I want topics on music
I wasn't able to do a transfer to an account
can you let me know the status of my discover credit card application status
What is the Google stock at?
trash the current list
How long do I need to wait to see an update after I make a bank transfer?
can you locate my package
what is john doe's address
can i increase the credit limit on my kohls card
open twitter, send message
your words was not so clear.
Some cash I didn't get shows in my app
The past few times I've been to the ATM, I was charged a withdrawal fee. Have your policies changed regarding fees?
Generate fresh list.
It appears my top-up is still pending.
remove that from my list
To deliver to the US, how long will it take?
clear my calendar for may 3rd
i want to know the carry on policy for southwest
what's my credit score rating
yes affirmative.
Are SWIFT Transfers available at this bank?
share my gps coordinates with my dad
If the ATM only gave me 10 pounds instead of the 30 I requested, what do I do?
Send email to jack@gmail.com
I want to transfer a sum of money from another bank account I have into this one
delete the last list
Tell me the name of this song.
set alarm at two am
you did amazing work, thank you so much.
remind me on 5th april there is a meeting with boss
my card has a deep crease through the middle so i would like to report it
go to www dot metronorth dot com for train tickets
The money would not transfer to a beneficiary.
Olly, book me a train ticket to New York City on the 3rd. I don't care what time.
Do you charge a fee for topping up a card?
pay my electric bill from my amex account
It says the transfer wasn't accepted.
What time is my doctor appointment this week?
Please play popular music on Pandora.
Please list all my alarms
does not really matter to me, olly.
start up league of legends for me
show list items
May i know the weather there ?
Why are you charging me for ATM withdrawal? It has always been free before.
can you switch to female voice
play candy crush
how's microsoft's stock
i don't know how to spell anethesia
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR YEN TO USD
mute
PDA post a status using the latest notes I made in my notepad.
i have to rollover my 401k
do you have another job
i would like you to confirm the details please.
please make the lights watching friendly
I will need to exchange currencies frequently, will I be able to get a discount?
Please tweet that DirecTv has horrible customer service.
I tried to use my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym and it got rejected. Any ideas why?
can you please tell me my income
please look into the current wait times at chili's right now
Help! I've forgot my app passcode!
What is a stock price of TATA
My money transaction hasn't arrived.
how many days do i have left of pto
tell me the best recipes for a given dish
get news about new foreign policy
add current song to rock playlist
What am I being charged an extra pound when I haven't bought something worth that much?
Where is Botzwana
i don't mind to select any one.
i think you messed up with my command.
I'm not in the UK, is it possible for me to still get a card?
when can i commute my tires next
I am unable to prove my identity
Fix the light which has 150 watts
Can you please advise?
include rap god on the motivational playlist
Turn on channel BBC radio 1 please.
can you check train schedule to berkeley
There is a withdrawal in my account I didn't make.
it does not matter to me, olly.
Create packing checklist
How much would it cost me for a bank transfer to top up my account?
notify my bank i'll be in rome from the 1st to the 17th
it's wonderful.
please make an appointment for an oil change
help me book a place to stay from may 2 to may 4 in tampa
start words with friends
I am extremely unhappy with this app and want to get rid of my account?
book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow
what does alternative mean
is the gang getting together this afternoon
where can i find my recent transaction history
What physical locations can I use cash to top up?
How do I see my card in the app?
yeap answer was confirmed.
so what subjects do you like
what is the total number of vacation days i've used
How do I replace a stolen card?
amazing job, you did well, olly.
I need to modify my details.
nay
What is the weather for the next 7 days?
I asked for a refund last week but nothing has happened yet, can you help me please?
I need to know what flat currencies you support for holding and exchange.
does kenya have any travel alerts right now
start podcast
which restaurants offer take out food?
i don't really care.
What was the upcoming event's
make it so my paycheck goes directly into my savings account
Can i choose a specific delivery date?
I made a mistake this morning when I did a transfer. How do I reverse it?
s1, please again elaborate me about your answer.
my luggage was lost on the flight
what are the steps to change the oil in my car
how can i get it to add money automatically while travelling
jump to next podcast
More ligth please
tell me when obama was born
How do I find my PIN?
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate when I got cash.
what fees are charged if i use something in paris
How can I verify my identity?
Can I get my money back on an item?
Must I verify my identity?
Play my rock playlist.
how long til my cash out goes through?
you need to call the melt in lakewood for a table for at 2:00, monday, the first week in march
What do I need to do in order to use my card I just got?
Why did I get blocked?
find ny train time
Trivia
I attempted to top up my car today, it failed! I just got it a couple of days before and it worked then. What is going on with it?
When will it start snowing?
book an uber to the nearest mall in the next half hour
I cannot find my credit card.
let's start over please.
note current song as awesome please
please set alarm at five pm
PDA how many alarms do I have?
what is a good joke
food order from grubhub
i want to know whether or not you are a pet owner
i wanna apply for a new credit card
where did you come from, originally
PLEASE SET ALARAM FOR TODAY
Why would I need a disposable card?
add this email to a new contact
remove all alarms set today
I exchanged cash when traveling and the rate was incorrect.
what's the traffic this morning
what day is the meeting on
I want to use my card, how would I activate it?
whats today's date
tell me how to spell anonymous
Will I need sunscreen today?
how can i adjust the volume
appreciate the help
Change the light colour to
I heard that you support more than one type of fiat currency, would you tell me which ones please?
Please help!  There was an extra fee when I got cash.
on my calendar are there any birthdays
How can I get a real-life card of my own?
i want to know your age
in osaka, do i need a plug converter for my electronics
wake me up at five hundred and thirty
show me the stock price for google
hey turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at ten am
increase volume please
I would like to change my card PIN.
I need this event on a repeating cycle on my calendar
Will it rain in the noon
When can I expect my card?
how do i find out when my visa bill is due
How do I make my card appear on the app?
a w2 form is obtainable where
What does a baguette look like.
Help me verify my identity.
What does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
what's my stock fluctuations
that isn't the right answer
how soon should i replace my tires from yesterday
The bank charged me fees for withdrawing cash!
i am sorry but you don't get me.
play radio please
i need an alarm set for 9 am and another for 11 am
will you check what i said please.
delete last entry
what is the next song on this playlist
where should i eat tonight
what are the concerts happening nearby
If I go outside, will I need a hat and gloves?
yes, i'd really like that alot
does pnc have a routing number
So I've been using my account frequently to manage payments for my vacation house in a different country, and now I'm getting hit with ridiculously high fees! What's with that? Ought not I be rewarded as a frequent user?
Is there any train plying from Pune to Mumbai tonight?
Current time and date please
Is it possible to get a new card in China?
do remove next event from the calendar
i am here to conform my friday reservation at 2:00
turn off the upstairs bathroom light
When will I get my money? It's been too long.
what is six times sixty eight
What should I do with my stuck ATM?
i want to be called timothy
how do i make <unk>
add event book club debbie's house wednesday night
Why is  my  top  up for  my  new account  not  instant
what's affiliate definition
please will you check my last question.
what's my savings balance at chase
The cash I deposited using the ATM is still pending
Tell me what ATMs use this card.
My transfer has not arrived.
LEARNING GAMES
have i been spending a lot on roast beef lately
to open up
What is the breaking news at MSNBC?
Is Logan a good movie to watch?
I think someone got my card details and used it because there are transactions i don't recognize. What do I do now?
what is the interest rate on my capital one credit card
is the birthday event on fifteenth of this month true
i don't know.
buy a train ticket to cleveland for april fourteenth
what is 20 times 20 times 30
bring back talking after
elaborate me about your answers further.
How do I edit my personal details?
please delete next meeting with rajesh
would you explain further on it to me please.
create a reminder for me to exercise this week
sorry but i think that's not correct.
WTF??? I tried to withdraw some money at a Metro bank on High St. Kensington and without any notice it disappeared in the machine. The bank was already closed so I couldn't do anything. How do I get it back?
I found my lost card in my jacket pocket this morning so I'd like to reactivate it please.
my card is cracked, please tell the card company
tell me the subject areas you are familiar with
please check whether the email of jancy has come
turn off my wemo plug socket
What should I do if I think someone is using my card.
Is the top up feature available on the Apple Watch?
tell me when my next doctors appointment is
what you do at the free time
i favorite singer is arijit singh find his voice on radio
spread some lights
What is the recipe for ...
What amount of traffic in this road?
i want you to check what just said please.
search if the restaurant does take out
musch appreciated, it's great one.
wonderful response to command.
i must transfer ten dollars from my bank of america account to my capital one account
where were you given birth
what insurance benefits do i have
i gotta know what the traffic is like on the way to phoenix
How warm is it?
i would talk to you later on.
Keep me up to date with the world news.
tweet a complaint to local municipality
please set an alarm for me
set your language setting to english
tell me how busy macaroni grill will be around 8 pm
PDA make a status stating I got the promotion.
currency converter
how to make a burger
how come when i asked for 100 it only gave me 20.00 in the app
olly will you shut down.
tell me when i get new emails from principal lowry
Which countries does your service work in?
i need to know the type of gas for this car
anything would be fine with me.
CNN Headlines
what do i owe on the car this month
set mute for twenty minutes
would you try that instruction said again please.
need a taxi for my travel
Have any jokes?
there's a hold on my chase account, but why
what is the current time in lagos nigeria
Why is my transfer taking so long. I thought it was supposed to only take 1 day if I made a transfer to someone. Can you wee what went wrong?
what is the weather like
the tasks for today, what are they
There's a card payment I didn't make
Do I have any new email messages?
what's my health insurance plan
please tell me what lists i have
Hello-Can you please help me get a refund from this merchant?  I ordered a product and would like to return it. I have been unsuccessful in getting the merchant to return my request for the past several days.  I understand it can take up to 45 days to process the dispute and issue a refund, however, if this can be expedited faster it would be very helpful to me.
you are how old now
turn lights off in kitchen
do you know where my package is
Delete next event from the calendar
What is the time frame for european transfers?
play music from my favorite pandora artist station
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
will you please check and confirm my last question.
tweet your waiting time sucks tag koc
I need my card delivered as soon as possible.
please turn up the volume to twenty one
LIGHTS turn off
ATMs, which ones will accept this card?
I see a direct debit payment on my statement that wasn't me
add an alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
How do I change my card PIN?
who's your boss
How much longer do I have to wait until my transaction is complete? I transferred money to another country many hours ago and the transaction is still pending.
help me freeze my bank account, please
is there traffic on my work route
order pizza for delivery
can you please convert $30 usd to canadian dollars
Add dan's email
turn off the closet light
how long since i swapped oil
say it once again please.
How can I tell if someone else is using my card?
would you tell me how to get to walmart by bus
knock knock
lost my phone, dont want others to use it.
I have been charged a fee for paying with card
if idle then turn off else turn on
NPR TED Talks
turn my plug on
is traffic to work clear
Open me a new list.
olly please could you cancel.
what on my play list
i think you made some mistake, please check it.
can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow
is river in country y?
the nutritional info for macaroni and cheese is what
I would like my PDA to write original romantic messages for my wife.
Do I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
There's a payment with my card that I didn't perform. I don't know that name shown.
find me the latest podcast about president trump and his immigration ban
let us play millionaires
hi google play me playlist wacky in my gaana application
turn lights on in my bedroom
call dad
what is twelve times eight
you can call me stevie
what roundtrip flights from orlando to vegas are available from thursday to monday
I need to know where this charge is coming from?
decrease the volume
no, it is not what i wanted.
can you tell me some fun things to do in kentucky
what is needed for setting up direct deposit
please confirm my reservation for march 8th at 12:00
please add note to this file good tune
Do I need to go to an office to change my pin?
remove seven am alarm
Restaurant delivery update
tell me my current savings account's interest rate
did i buy too many donuts recently, like last week
what's my checking balance
say the last one said again please.
play music radio for me
please save the current song to favorites
i need to report unauthorized activity on my card
How effective will be to buy NIKE stock
what's the time in this time zone
Olly, please set lunch meeting at 12pm for every Wednesday in March.
Why do we need to verify a top-up card?
play my top 20 playlist
delete list blank
I needed cash today, so I used another provider's ATM, and when I attempted to withdraw, it declined. I just checked it out and I'm still showing my account with that amount pending! I didn't take any money out, it was declined, so I don't want that to be processed as a withdrawal.
report alarm settings
Is there an additional charge for topping up using a European card?
please will you check and confirm it.
what is seventeen plus three
how many vacation days have i used so far
i need to remove fishing from my calendar for soccer
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
Please increase the volume of the music Hips don't lie.
how long does it take to post atm with drawl
Please, play Yesterday from Beattles
make a purchase of doritos
can you let me know if my visa card has been approved
show contact of john
show ana number
I was mugged and everything taken.  What do I do to protect my account?
Remember that this song is good, but too slow to exercise to.
PLEASE REMOVE THE APPOINTMENT WHICH I HAVE MADE WITH MR.JIM.
i need to know the title of this song
the reservation i created is not necessary anymore
do you have any suggestion action movies
I found the card I thought I lost this morning. Can I reactivate this card?
I feel like too much money was taken during my currency exchange.
what's the latest joke you've heard
How long before transferred money shows up?
could you tell me the status of my frontier flight
Does Apple Watch support the topping-off of my account?
Where do I pay with my card?
i want an alarm set up
Set up a reoccurring grocery store trip for every Sunday
can you take carrots off my shopping list and add soda
what are the nutritional facts of waffles
this was a nice chat
kenny roger's lady play
What credit cards are supported?
convert five s. d. to rials
Say about geography of London
check the status of my order
cancel my eight am alarm
Play Candy Crush with me.
turn whisper mode off
when is my electric bill due
Siri, what is the definition of ziggurat?
Are there still fees for european top-ups?
Money was transferred to me and I am unable to see it
how can i raise my credit score
book for me an uber taxi to bardonia
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at seven today
Pull up political news today from CNN
find hotel order food name
Please show me the list that I have.
open uber app and book me a car for pick up at the airport
how about the latest news
what song is currently playing
How do I get my money back for something I bought?
take carrots off my list for shopping
I want to learn about Donald Trump?
Are there any trips to Location A provided by the train?
add a 5 am alarm in place of my 9 pm alarm
check my email
usa
Can anyone help me, I lost my wallet and they've started withdrawing from my account.
What kinds of cards can I use to top up?
Mute speakers please.
please convert the time of here at nine pm to brasil time zone
what time is it in the mountain standard timezone
Is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
it was nice to catch up with you
will i get my time off approved
you are my hero, appreciated.
yes perfect response.
The exchange rate given to me wasn't correct, after i purchased an item
i like top twenty music
give me today's market trends for <unk>
I want some extra physical cards.
i want to change the oil in my car but i do not know how to do it can you help
switch off the smart plug socket now
Where can I see where my funds came from?
i want a flight booked from new york to san francisco with continental
Delete shopping list.
is the tofu i put in the fridge tuesday still edible today
Why hasn't the app verified my identity?
coffee make now
Shuffle and play blue playlist
can we move onto the next song
What should we do as Progressives about the president?
What is the source of my available funds?
I want to start my e-mail out like this:
what date will it be tomorrow
i think you messed up with the request.
I need to verify a payment to my new landlord. I transferred the first rent payment a few days ago. While it shows on my side, the landlord is saying he hasn't received it yet. Can you verify that it has processed?
There is an extra $1 charge on my statement, why is that?
i want hot coffee
reduce the lights
I tried to withdraw cash and got declined, why is that?
make a reminder to change the cat litter
look up the kind of fuel i use in my car
please increase your volume
how good are the ratings for chez panisse
Can you tell me the countries you provide support for.
Can you play AR Rahman music
I see an unfamiliar payment on my statement.
play my video game news podcast starting where i left off
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
Hi I'm a new customer and tried topping up for the first time today, seems it's not working, the thing shows up as pending since half an hour already! Please fix it!
google find and play florida georgia line the one with nelly
what is new
i want to hear this radio station now
what questions do you respond to
Send tech news
skipe to next NYT podcast
Does this app have the same exchange rate as third parties?
Change the audio settings
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
Can I transfer my salary onto here?
i think you made mistake.
How do I verify the top up?
How do I fix a broken card?
not right now
Help me terminate and close my account.
Will you assess me more fees if I top up with an international card?
what type of fuel does my car use
are there any traffic delays
replace the current light colours in the house with dark ones
denver's timezone is a mystery, i wonder where its located
calculate distance from boston to new york
My card isn't letting me purchase something and I wanted to know why.
How come I'm not allowed to transfer funds right now? I just keep getting an error message.
turn wemo plug socket on
Will you be adding more currencies in the future?
what is the title of the song
please go to settings of the music player and make the equalizer in the flat sound mode.
update on April the giraffe
Change my music player volume to 80%
i'd like to know the balance of my bank of american account
What is the status on my takeout?
please change the volume to mute
Who is Obama?
how much paid time off do i have
start robo vac
erase my appointment with ted
how my carry ons does spirit airlines allow me for a flight to dallas
help me transfer $100 from my checking to saving account
I'd like more info on getting a virtual card.
keep me informed about bitcoin price
Where is my last money transaction
I know there's money in my account, why did my account decline me?
is my tire pressure in the correct range
again please.
I think I lost my phone.  Is there a way to prevent anyone from getting into my account on it?
clear events from calendar
is there a sporting event tomorrow in chicago
change your accent now
Start Robot Vacuum cleaner.
Search Nandy
help, I see money missing I didn't take out.
Now I need to write an email to my colleague
how is the traffic on the way to the campsite
i need a pto request for march 3rd and 4th
When can I expect money to be transferred to my account?
Read the email sent by this contact
show me a video on cooking fried chicken
tell the meaning of life
There is some odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's that about? Pretty sure I haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
please increase the volume
Unable to use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account
can you use the whisper voice
appreciated, that was amazing work.
i want to eat out, where should i go
may i know the about alarm you set
i have a fraudulent transaction from wal mart on my account
when will my jetblue flight get here
use a male voice instead
it was helpful,, olly.
set a remainder of the day
i dont want sound
you didn't get it correctly.
I locked myself out of my account, how do I unblock my PIN?
what are you doing
do they use a different plug in brazil
good bye then
I have waited 15 days, but my payment still hasn't cleared.
What do I have to do tomorrow?
i want to increase my credit limit to 5000 dollars
I made a card payment but it didn't work. Why not?
i must know what the traffic is like on the way to phoenix
can you tell me how to change my car's oil
I can't verify identity through the app.
I have a dentist appointment on Monday morning, true or false?
Tell me the name of the radio station that I want played
My statement shows charges for things I never purchased. Were my account details stolen?
resume audiobook please
Hey Olly, what time does the 4 train leave the station?
take out event from calendar
how many ml's are in a gallon
exchange euro to dollar
do one coin flip; it will be tails
tell me the current dollar ratio for the US and Canada
invite people to the calendar event
what were those things i was trying to remember
is there anything left on my list
i have ten us dollars how many canadian dollars do i have
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
Tell me about the next Devil's hockey game friday
any one is good to me.
Is my new bank card on the way and is there a way to track it?
do i have to contact someone to use my credit card points
make me a reservation for 5 people at village tavern for the calloways
is it safe to travel to china
i want to hear that things spoke again.
Show times for nearest theater
I would like my PDA to update all  breaking news across the world
I want you to make alert in the evening about upcoming meeting
need to know the weather now
my alarms
does not matter to me.
Turn on the Wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
Once a new topic on politics comes up alert me
tell me where you're made
How do you fix  my card payment?
raise the brightness of the lights
If I have fifty dollars and spend twenty four, how many dollars will I have left?
Is there a disposable virtual card option?
hi what kind of pictures you uploaded in pinterest
Someone has stolen my phone, what should I do?
I think my top up was reversed.
I was wondering if you will take any fees in exchange for top ups?
a priest walks into a bar
please put me your input to know my schedule
Why are there fees for using a card?
Remind me to go to dinner with Dave on friday at 5:00PM
what raiting of gas is called for
find me the exchange rate between usd and cad
Where can I update my pin number?
No body knows
using my apps
inform about best circus near me
I have no idea why my card payment did not work.
please check all new email of income tax department
remove carrots from my shopping list and add soda
Remove events from calendar
skip this and go to the next song
how many points do i have on my mastercard
Play me John's podcast.
ah that is great one.
how to calculate trigonametry
fast me the news of academy awards
delete the list
what is the title of this song
turn on the light socket
when is my next oil change suggested
it was not the correct response.
I would like a coffee now.
Why do you need to know so much about me for my account?
I tried to use my card to top up but all of the money has disappeared.
what ingredients go in potato skins
What other methods are there to verify my identity?
How long will a transaction to a friend take?
how many psi's are my tires at the moment
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
I didn't get the all the cash i wanted from the atm
yeap it's confirmed.
what's the proper way to spell "helicopter
sorry but it's not the right command.
Do I need to be reminded of any meetings on Monday?
I have found my lost or stolen card, would I still have to activate the new card that was sent to me through the mail in order to access my account?
What's happening tonight in Chicago?
how much of a credit limit does visa allow
was einstein married
what benefits are included in my package
ask a restaurant in me area
Does Fongs have delivery?
see ya
run coffee maker
what's the max time i can leave a green pepper in the fridge
The transfer is coming up as pending the payment is due today. Will I be charged a fee?
Please order me pizza and wings from papa johns now
what are the concerts happening nearby?
that's amazing work, olly.
Erase that from my calendar
you did wonderful work, thank you so much, olly.
does the bellagio have any reservations
How can I top up by card?
would you confirm command please.
How many cards can I have for one account?
is my alarm set
do i have any new entries in my inbox
say my name
There is a payment in the app that I did not approve
I sent my friend some money a few hours ago but she has not received it yet. She really needs it. How long does this take?
How do I activate my card, so that I can start using it?
What were the highlights from this evening's soccer match?
i'm out of paper towels so will you order me some more
Meeting with Joanne in 10 minutes in the conference room
give me a tuna salad recipe
what gas mileage does my car get
Send an email to Rae telling her my phone is back in service
what's the amount of air in my tires right now
Is the verification number on the top up card
i think my luggage has been lost
What do I do if I think my card was improperly used?
need information about events before shift ends
I'd like to make a SEPA transfer to my account, but will I be charged?
Is identity verification required for me to use my account?
do i have any alarms set for today
change the speaker volume to sixty five percent
were any new emails received
best bar in local area
post to twitter trump is such an ass
i like jazz you should know
How old is Jim Carrey?
book a flight from sacremento to tampa two weeks from now and returning a month after
what is going on, i have entered my passcode and its not working
I checked my account today and it said I was out of money. How do I transfer money into my account?
give me the schedule for today's events
which is the nearest restaurants available
Why does it still charge me even though I was unable to withdraw money from the ATM?
Reply to Heather's latest email by answering No
Could I raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? I am aware its delayed now. Please help me out.
How can I fix a problem where contactless isn't working?
i like to be called mikey
Hello, I didn't receive the right amount on my ATM transaction,  the app shows the correct amount how can we fix this
excellent.
Which celebrity is most likely to follow me back on twitter?
play racing
i want to order chinese takeout
i wanna know how many teaspoons are in a tablespoon
The seller just told me he didn't get paid. After reviewing my account it did subtract the balance but now it has added it back to my account. I need you to please take care of this promptly.
I want to go back on what I did this morning
would you try again.
I put some money in my account the other day but now its gone? Why is this?
Help.  My card is broken.
i'd like to know what is on my shopping list
Can you help me get Top Up to work in the Apple Pay function?
Today I used my card at a restaurant and it was declined. Why?
what's the currency conversion between rubles and dollars
I deposited a cheque but I don't see the funds in my account.
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
Where are the ATMs that I can use Mastercard?
How can I modify my details?
tell me the date when this song was recorded
do i have any new emails from my dad
How long until my card will get here?
Hello PDA, Has my inbox gone up?
can you reset please.
Am I able to track a card that has already been sent?
let me know how long until the next day off
go near vacuum cleaner
What is on my to do list?
why couldn't I use my card at a store?
set mute until said otherwise
i want to know more about this person
do i have any mail
The payment for the card did not go through
how much tax do i pay
Play my <insert genre> playlist
write email to my company mate to submit the task tomorrow.
what is the status of my vacation time request
How long does it take for pending transfer transactions to post?
please will you shut up.
Would I have to pay anything if I need an additional card?
i would like help moving money between accounts
what mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout
Play the first song on my Playlist
Select the contact
Can you open the reply box?
I need to change my name since I got married
@nikesupport i need some assistance regarding some shoes i bought last week
what is a good apr
Play Hurts like heaven
what is on my playlist of movies on the the dvr
Which day this week do I have plans?
play first song on next album
can i call you betty
where is russia located
I am not able to make a purchase because there is an issue with my card
How do I find the top-up verification code?
does my calendar show anything for thursday the 14th
can i get some more checkbooks sent to me
charges of delivery
ATMs, which ones will accept this card?
does my car have enough gas to get to chicago
Where's the best place to get a disposable virtual card?
why was my card not accepted yesterday
hello
reply to john's email today saying i will be late
where is the closest spot to order food for pickup
qwetqwtwqt
Play a game of Chess with me.
Delete all mails from fgh.com
why cannot i take any money out from my bank account
whatever is ok to me.
let's hear ninety two point one
What is going on right now on twitter?
still waiting on that card
Play this podcast
I cant transfer money into my account
show me the recipe for cookies
Can you tell me why the card payment came back?
How can I use American Express to add money to my account?
if it is six am here what time is it in tokyo
please shut off.
how much funds do i have in my bank accounts
yeah that was fantastic.
s2, i can not quite catch up with you.
How old do I need to be to open an account?
leave whisper mode
i need everything on my shopping list to be ordered
give me the most recent stuff you have angelina jolie
turn down the lights
how long to process my credit card application
send response i will be there
I just finished sending money, but it's not logging on the recipient side.
i need to set up a meeting with the ceo tomorrow
how do i change my oil with the correct type
How long will delivery to the US take?
I traded some of my money from my native country into an ATM to exchange for foreign currency, and the money I received was a different equating amount!
It was a great day Olly.
When do I set up my card PIN?
can you tell me how much pto i still have
a little brighter thanks
check what just said please.
disable shuffle
What is the maximum I can transfer before I incur fees?
please shut down.
What do i have to do to change my name?
how much do i owe visa
set a neighbor party for next week
do you know where my w-2 is
check any mail from amazon
Is there any birthday on june
Please remove my next event
show me concerts in sacramento
can i get some new checks i'm out of mine
List all the lists on this device
give me some funny facebook posts
I could not get money from an ATM
confirm details.
can i travel to france as far as safety goes
olly i will talk to you later.
How fast can you deliver?
If I have this card, which ATMs can I go to?
i wanna know my car's tire pressure
turn the volume to 4
set my alarm for tuesday at six pm
are you able to call me by my name
Open up angry birds
i need help figuring out where my phone is
Book me a train ticket to Chicago for tomorrow morning before 10.
i would like the song playing right now put on my driving playlist
PDA, Lets send a tweet
turn off the room light
switch to the whisper mode
who was the last person to email me
My card is missing.  Please help.
wonderful response to command.
Where can I find the source of my available money?
i need to give my location to macy and george
Send an email to john asking him what time works for the meeting
yeah it's confirmed.
i would like information on france's timezone
I'm unable to use contactless payments for purchases.
send a complaint to sony about this tv that quit working
tell me the time in GMT plus 5
tell me how much my verizon and comcast bill come to together
How do I cancel a transaction?
Turn lights in the room off.
My top up has failed
tell me about fijords
How young can someone be in order to open an account?
i wonder if it would be possible to switch from apples to grapes
Physical cards are what I need more of
what is the calorie look like in apples
Can I still use my account without verifying my identity?
Account topping up bank transfers to my account assistance please?
please send a reminder email to peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt
a new cards takes how long to mail to me
two by two is
Open twitter.  Compose new tweet:  DirecTv has horrible customer service
i'm low on mouthwash so create an order for me
add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
what is the lowest amount i must pay on my verizon bill
I have a question about ATM transactions. Can I take money out of an ATM when I'm traveling abroad? And, can I get the money in my home currancy?
Make sound louder
how much is 10 us dollars in canadian dollars
I did a payment with my card but seem that didn't work, it's still listed as pending since a while ago. When does this actually go through?
what is my payment going to be
proceed to the next song on this playlist
Why did my top-up get reverted?
is ll cool j still rapping?
The rate for a currency exchange was wrong when I bought something.
hey PDA, make sure I go to sarahs birthday party on the 12th.
Please Find a contact number of Rahul Judawa.
Set Bob's birthday for every June 3th
what do you go by
Is it possible to get a Visa and Mastercard from you?
How do you determine the exchange rate?
Can I purchase extra non-virtual cards?
detail for stock price
show me my reminders
let us do it again.
my games to play in my phones
turn of all lights
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
s2, can not get this.
tune a radio channel for good jokes
i need the current dart rail schedule from west irving station to north lake college
am i going to swim or work today
searching on holidays in my location
Insert this item.
Anything I haven't done yet?
email happy new year to john
My card info was stolen, what do I do?
I have a strange direct debit in my statement
How do I access the virtual card?
within the past three months how many meetings did i have with mr richards
Call me at 6 am
if i go to canada next month do i need a visa
whats the weather now
please tell me my current gps coordinates
how many days of vacation have i saved
do i have any alarms for tomorrow morning
can you remind me how to spell because
olly stop.
I accidentally made a payment to a wrong account. What should I do?
meeting room availability from 8:00 please
i want to go to bank of america give me directions
what's the minimum payment on my credit card bill
i lost my purple credit card and need to report it
has my request for time off been approved
What steps can I take if someone else is using my card?
that's right
it's not what i am searching for.
please show today meting with clients
What should I do once my card expires?
what is the average time to get to walmart in mays landing
Remind me to send that email later
My card was lost on vacation, I don't know where it is. Can you help me take care of this immediately?
can you please disregard the party that i will be going to this weekend on my calendar
what day of the month is it?
Play Firefly by Mura Masa
put this song in vibes playlist
play album audiobook
myspace
tack on a gallon of milk to the grocery list
I would like to know what exchange rates you use?
How do I create a disposable virtual card?
When defining words give thesaurus and use in a setence to make it clearer.
can you me what they call you
what is going on today in biloxi
it is too dark in here increase the brightness of the lights
PDA, Play the radio station 101.9
will i be charged if i use the card in france
Why was I charged an additional fee when paying with card?
whatever is okay with me.
do i have any meetings today between 9 and 10:30
Get rid of the 5 pm alarm.
do you have a joke
I received my new card.  Where is it in the app?
Show me popular exchange rates
ATM only gave me $20 instead of $100
Can I re-link a lost card with the app?
update me on my emails
Where is the concert of Amjad ali taking place
Can you add an event with John and Mary?
list my different alarm
please play next episode of bbc history podcast
are there any travel alerts for seattle
possibly
who is your supervisor
if my card was stolen, where do i report it
can you write an email to Chelsea
what company do you work for
Where can I find the verification code for a top-up?
What is the square root of 42?
exact.
can you give me the time in new delhi
add every girl life by evelyn mayer to the must read list
in austin, what are some tourist things to do
how long should i wait ti activate my card
does pf changs accept takeout orders
How long will it take to get to Austin, TX?
is flight dl123 coming in on time
next alarm
nope that's not it
I want to have multiple currencies in my account if possible.
Turn down the lights in the living room
How do I get rid of my account ASAP?
Can you tell me how gravity works
Ordering food
how can i send money from one account to another
Check my to do list
where is the closer starbucks
is umbrella necessary for my outing
raise the light
open events this week
would you stop talking please
i need to go to lyon book a train ticket
There is an incoming payment into my account, but it is deactivated. Will they still be processed?
Volume settings, please
play party songs
I need to be reminded to do something on the 31th
what date is it today
open book
silence
you have done that correctly, olly.
define zesty
i would not bother, olly.
I have a meeting tomorrow at 5pm with the development team, don't forget to remind me an hour earlier.
mute
My friend says he hasn't received my transaction
is there meaning in life
I put in a payment a while ago and it has still not cleared and is showing up as "pending", how long does it take to clear?
I wish it could give me advice
i want to set your name to gaffigan
Something is wrong with my password.
tell me about mary s.
Hi, I'm trying to transfer money from one country to another, but it's taking a long time! All the account information is right, so why is it taking so long?
put rice and pudding on my shopping list cause i need them
what birthday are you celebrating this year, ai
tweet error log to samsung
make me a reminder that tommorow is trash day
Play country music.
Olly, what's close by for dinner?
increase the brightness of the light it is hard to see down here
please shut up.
Send help only to Jane
find me a recipe of spaghetti
show me all the events happening in milan
what are the events conducted in new york
Why am I unable to withdraw my money through this card?
start the audiobook file for where i left off in a tale of two cities
what time is the train to san francisco due
explain some trivia about lebron james
show me upcoming programmes on one hundred and five point one
It's a bit dark, increase lighting
if i travel abroad, do i need vaccinations
order a train ticket to boston
PDA please set up the usual meeting event for our business trips.
Can I use the app without my phone?
How long does it take for me to get my pin
how do I speed up identity verification?
thank you so much, olly.
How many lists are open
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
pontificate definition
What if there is an error on the exchange rate?
how long is the wait at macaroni grill
who do you consider your employer
What is happening?  I have tried to transfer money 5x already.  Is the system down?  This shouldnt be happening as this is a basic transfer.
my new job requires that i rollover my 401k
tell joke
would you speak once more please.
how long does pizza take to cook
what is mary s.'s birthday
what is on the list for today
where is the closest kroger
email joejoe@gmail.com
give me some health tips
look up uber to downtown
has mary posted anything to facebook today
wikipedia topics
i think you've done a task in wrong manner.
there was error.
nice to meet you
What do I need to do to link my new card for my account?
when did i take my car to paul's auto last
whatever.
put this in my workout playlist
i need help to set up direct deposit
tell me the current dollar ratio for the us and canada
Why am I seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
Quiet mode on until I am home from work.
purchase grass seed from the store
put on the god of small things
Change the lights of the house to a blue hue.
I have a trasnger that is pending and wondered about it.
uh no, you don't understand what i am searching for.
how long does it take to bake a cake
I heard that you support more than one type of fiat currency, would you tell me which ones please?
i need to make a transfer of my money
local theater screening which movie
it is not going to rain, is it?
look my location up on the map
what's on the grocery list
is it possible for you to let me know what health plan i'm on
can you please cancel
how many vacation days do i have at my disposal
tell me about this week's weather
Can  i go out in shorts
Why has my transfer been declined?
how many calories are in a large fry
Hello I made a bank transfer couple hours ago from my UK account but it doesn't show up yet. Can you please check if everything is alright with it?
sorry but i think you've gottten that wrongly.
please turn on my door lock
what is the routing number of cadence
does ihop have positive reviews
I still haven't seen a refund on my account
Look up word
Do exchanges cost more?
how do i get to the park on foot
When is the next board meeting?
that’s not correct
am i approved for vacation yet
i asked for something else.
i would like to listen to this programme on radio
can i know what i on the list
what is the limit on my victoria's secret card
retrieve events on my calendar
i have no idea, olly.
I found my card, how can I use it again?
Can I change my PIN at any ATM?
show stock value of goog
What do you base your exchange rates on?
what location were you born
track my package please
take me to tnagar
do i need to go under the car to change oil
I would like to know why my purchases from this morning are still pending.
can you delete lunch with david from my to do list
what going on
i've heard this riff before what song stole this riff it's exactly the same
it was good one, thank you very much.
play the podcast named ringcast
what's the funniest joke
inbox my family
play 97.1
in how many miles do i need to schedule my oil change
shit, you have done this all incorrectly.
I sent a check into the system but still haven't received the cash yet
I am looking to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
do you know why my account is blocked
i have no idea about what to do.
how shall i find my current location
wemo plug socket off
An extra pound was charged!
can you please check and confirm my last instruction.
notify me of the latest news on the stock market
I went to use my new card today and the card was repeatedly declined. I would really like to use this card and need to know what to do about it.
confirm the order
My purchase used the wrong exchange rate
how much pto have i depleted
wemo plug socket off
can you change my time zone to central
do i have a monthly spending limit
Why is my beneficiary not working?
tell me my credit limit
i need a recipe of Veg pulav
yeah it's exact.
ring the alarm when i get home
august fifteenth is what day of the week
Guide me on how to unblock my PIN
please add note to this file good tune
i would like you to confirm my reservation for next saturday at 11 am
find an indian restaurant
i need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
schedule city cab from home to airport at eight am
i'd like a flight from laguardia to orlando on southwest for under $400
i don't want to attend the dinner on march first any more so could you remove it from my agenda
There are duplicate transactions on my account
How can I see the progress of delivery of the card that was sent?
you rock, thank you very much.
book the the next train ticket to Chennai
Please help me!  A payment I made had an error on the account number and I can't cancel on my side.  Can you cancel it?
Where is Montana.
what did i include on my list of things to remember
Why is my transaction taking so long to complete?
Should I carry an umbrella with me today?
i didn't get your response.
stock price
Give me the morning news.
send 1200 dollars between usaa and navy federal accounts
I have a doctor's appointment with Dr. Barlease tomorrow at 7:30 a.m.
give me your name so i can use you
are more than one carry on allowed at klm
the command was confirmed.
Where can I get money from my card?
Tell me topics of all my lists.
i really want an italian meal suggestion
what's the most i can charge on my card
HELLO, WHAT TIME IT IS NOW?
Call a taxi
turn the lights off please
when is the expiration date of my credit card
how long should i wait to get my new card when my old one was stolen
I see a direct debit transaction in my history that I did not set up.
give me the alarm times for the next two days
roll a four sided die for me
i need to know when i get paid next
My new landlord says he hasn't received the rent payment that I transferred a couple days ago. I've already checked the account numbers and they are correct. Can you tell me what's going on with this transaction that the transfer isn't showing up on my landlord's end?
give me the time in phoenix az
please let's try it one more time again.
How is the traffic in San Francisco over the Bay Bridge?
when the birthday will be
I made a cash deposit and the balance wasn't updated.
How long do transfers take to go though
In receiving cash, the wrong exchange rate was used for my transaction.
start candy crush
What are some recent e-mails in my inbox?
let's settle it with a coin flip
delete all appointments for tomorrow
toss a coin and tell me what it lands on
How do I activate my new card I just got?
yes great response to the command.
please reserve an uber right now
Olly recommend a restaurant with medium expense.
tell me how many carry ons i can take on a flight with southwest airlines to dallas
Please go to the next episode of the podcast.
turn off my wemo socket
How can i get multiple disposble cards.
whats the dow jones at today
would like to know the alarm you sent
wheres my pin
Why is my transfer still pending?
My card's expiration date is close.
is chocolate bad for you or good for you
what's up with my order
reduce your speed of voice
tell me when obama was born
Can you update me and let me know when my appointment is on x day?
turn off lights in bedroom
Vacuum the dining room
turn off the sound
what is clint eastwood doing these days
that is right.
i recently ran out of checks, so i wanna get some new ones
Hey PDA, order me some take out from Jason's Deli
what are the chances of hail this week?
What do I do if I forgot my passcode?
play music from where you left off
Can I get a new card in China?
add five plus eighteen minus four please
i don't really mind to choose any one.
how is president's trump office proceeding?
are there any detours that i need to know about
Can I get a Visa from you?
are there any good pizza places around here
Where is the venue in which the marriage of Tom is going to takeplace
i have a reservation at pizza hut under the name leia roberts and i want to cancel it
What is this fee debit on my account?
I made a transfer and it doesnt' show up in my account.
when is my water bill due
mark this song as a favorite
Where do you guys acquire your exchange rate?
My top up failed.
i need a aaa service place to make an appointment for my tires to be assessed
find world meaning in dictonary
send email to jerry about the meeting
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub, and set it to be delivered at 5pm tonight
my luggage is missing
could not get your answers.
i'm having trouble finding my luggage i was on delta flight ab123 out of new york
Can you tell me the top news stories about the White House
read unchecked email
I've tried several times to make a payment and every time my card is declined? Could my card be locked? I don't know what to do.
Does love equal sex?
Is it going to rain in the evening?
your company is awful, i would like to delete my account please
When is Shakira's birthday?
Why did you give me so little currency?
How is rice prepared ?
add light
Olly, tell me how to get rid of the rash on my arm.
Where did my money come from?
Don't let me forget I have a Parent-Teacher conference this Monday at 4:00 pm.
yeah you've got your understanding perfectly.
can you tell me what this song is
Please start <insert vacuum name>
can i top up from a usa credit card
If my identy verifacation hasn't gone through can I use my account?
what health benefits do i have
When is Katy Perry's birthday?
please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state
Why is there a payment I didn't do?
set coffee to brew at seven am
I was charged a transfer fee, why is that?
has flight dl123 arrived yet
What's the next thing on my list of appointments?
I bought something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
i need a taxi to go home
i can't understand your words.
when will you send me a replacement card
would you tell me that one more time again please.
What does the word bible mean?
can you find instructions on how to change oil in a car
load sirius and play a rock and roll show
They declined my card payment.
Which fiat currencies are supported by you?
could you tell me funny things
How can I get a Visa and Mastercard?
what date is easter sunday this year
how much is the us dollar worth in canada
Set a meeting with Hongbin
How do I add money to my card?
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
Can I get an order delivered from Romero's?
Remind me daily at 11 AM for meeting with boss
someone stole my money
olly i would like you just stop it.
Please change the light colors to red.
your birthplace is where
Hey olly make the house lights a different color
what is 20+ 5
What is the maximum number of transactions I can do with a disposable card?
What's the weather forecast this week?
Why did my top-up fail?
When will grief subside after losing parent
later, thanks for chatting
What do I need to do to request cash back? The ATM actually just gave me the wrong amount. The app I actually chose the right amount.
add a wrist watch to the shopping list
how many calories did i burn with my fifty minutes of yoga
What should I expect to be charged on a SEPA transfer?
i would like to change the name on my checking account
ai, heads or tails
what plugs are used in spain
My account is showing a double charge.
what apr does this credit card have
My throwaway virtual card won't work
let me hear some bluegrass music
In regards to top-ups, can I do them via Google Pay?
i want to order a pizza from michael's pizza
Delete the song What If in my music.
Will we space travel within 50 years and live in another planet?
would not mind to choose any one.
which day is pay day
Set calendar info for albert's marriage
There was an extra charge when I made a transfer.
My account was charged for a withdraw I tried to make that was decline.
what is programme for today?
i need to know when i last carried my car to the shop
PLEASE SET ALARM FOR ALL DAYS
Hi, My card is getting declined continuously when i am trying to top-up. Request you to look into this issue or tell me any other alternatives.
i would like to have language set to spanish, please
would you just stop it please.
Is there a reason I was charged a fee to transfer?
What do you use disposable cards on?
Play all my favorite latin songs.
how is the traffic around city center
can u tell me the phone number of me
What emails did I get yesterday?
play work from home song
turn up music please
Can they provide takeaway?
that is unimportant, olly.
What's the answer to the universe?
define ambulance
turn up media volume
I think my top-up has failed.
How many events on my list?
how many days of vacation do i have
i need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown
in what form is my name saved
Please tell me the weather.
what's june's address nowadays
please book a ticket form jaipur to mumbai on tuesday
will i be charged if i use my card in japan
include this song in the "kids" playlist
Please search the internet and display the suitable you tube videos for cooking Italian foods.
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one day while they are processed by one of our payment processors. Then, they will depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please also double-check that you have entered the correct account details. SEPA transfers can take up to two business days, and SWIFT transfers can take up to five business days.
I made a transfer and the person I transferred the money to didn't receive the right amount? Why did this happen and how do I get the rest of the money to them?
how does the dollar compare to the pound
are there shots required before going to south africa
What should I do?  I topped off but the app reversed  it.
can you try the last one spoken once again.
what is my most played podcast
please can you confirm details.
If my card is about to expire how long would it take to receive a new one and how much would that cost me?
Need help with a stolen card.
stop wake-up calls for this week
I recently got charged twice from a restaurant that I was at this week and I would like for one of those payments to be removed from my account.
please find out how many of my vacation days i have spent
Remove the list please
add one by metallica to my playlist
PDA: Whats going to be the forecast tomorrow for Outer Nowhereville?
how do you convert inches to centimeters
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
How can I get additional cards?
Start reading that Alan Partridge book.
wonderful job, you've done well.
i'm out of paper plates so will you order me some more
help me make changes to my insurance policy
Why am I being charged for transferring money?
how do i check my rewards for my maurices card
What's the process for exchanges?
It looks like my top up didn't work.  Why?
nope, you don't understand what i asked.
Remove all the events from calendar
when is the doctor's appointment
its dark in here mind turning up the light intensity
please be silent until i tell you not to be
whats up with my takeaway
Turn up volume of music
write an email about next week weather to my wife
The exchange rate you are using is really bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
i want to drink coffee
thanks so much!
Tell me my options for a train to LA next Wednesday or Thursday.
I received my Virtual card information, but was unable to use it to make a purchase. Why did this happen and what can I do?
send $100 from paypal to my bank
Why do i have an extra fee on my statement?
Is Alaska a Republican or Democratic state?
is summer going on
What time is the train to San francisco due?
Why am I being charged certain fees? I noticed a fee after I withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
really i do not mind, olly.
find a shop that sells beer
whatever is ok with me.
PDA, Do you love me?
Card has been received, how will it show up on the app?
it's useful, musch appreciated.
i can't tell
i'd like to hear a joke
help me find a hotel in columbus with good reviews
i need the lights in here to be turned up to seven
Can I get a new card in China?
make an alarm 6am
can you please update me the time?
s1, would you elaborate me more on what you said now please.
reserve me a flight from ft lauderdale to houston on southwest
how many oscars does morgan freeman have
tell me something funny now
New event, lunch, Outback
tell my bank that i'll be in canada this weekend
Tell me movies playing in Oceanside tonight.
disable wemo socket
What is the maximum I can transfer before I incur fees?
reduce brightness
create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner
I noticed after looking over my transactions that I have been charged twice from an earlier restaurant visit this week. Is it possible that one of these can be removed so I get the money back for the one that is not accurate?
alter lunch event to repeat every friday
how much is two thousand five hundred philippine pesos in dollars
How do I get my card into the app?
tell artist and title of this song
what car rental choices are there in calgary
really i would not mind, olly.
do i need shots to go to thailand
add dentist appointment for friday at five
I would like a Visa card.
My alarms
if i go to columbia, will i need a visa
switch off the wemo plug socket
play a classical.
Someone stole my phone, what is my next step?
set the event to recur on the first monday of the month
great song for the commute
i'm not going to cook today, can you suggest a restaurant
Who's current music's author?
There was money taken out of my account, and I'm pretty sure I didn't do it.
what is <unk> euros in u. s. d.
tell me where i can go shopping in this area
add a new contact for daniel bell dbell@aol dot com
what is starbuck's stock worth
PDA, I would like to make a post on ****
please play michael jackson album
tell me background family of selena gomez
could you tell me your name
did i add salt to my shopping list
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transaction
yeah wonderful response.
how do i put in a vacation request
Do I have anything planned for the 21st?
the joke of the day
book a train ticket to mumbai for tomorrow
can you check if my order has been delivered
does shibaru sushi deliver
How can I change my information?
Look up for the residential address of my team leader.
Is there any limit to the amount I can add to a card at a time?
where is the pharmacy in leavenworth
clean my entire calendar
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple days already that doesn't seem to move
this must be some mistakes.
would not bother.
how long will it take to get home
what is the list type
Cancel Transaction
topic
you did a mistake, please check that.
What all is needed to verify the top-up card?
why has a cash withdrawal charged me?
Can I order a second card?
When does the train leave Penn Station?
i need to keep two toddlers busy tell me what to do
what is the reason for whole foods declining my card
when i should change oil
PDA name: whats the meaning of life
i wanna schedule some car maintenance
I need to find a gift.  What stores are within a 1 mile radius?
play football news from radio one
should i put some sun screen cream for taday
get more information on geographic information about this place
delete this from list
If I have 5USD how much is that in AUD?
yeah that is correct.
how can i apply for a visa card
What countries can I use the card in?
I've transferred money before without issue but now I am encountering an error stating that it isn't possible. Why is that?
I need everything deleted from calendar please.
I could not get a top-up to work, why?
I made a transfer and am still waiting.
will you stop please.
any recent emails olly
you are awesome,, olly.
Google play top up help?
take me to the most popular post
I have exceeded the number of PIN attempts
how long will it take to get to tacoma
Can you tell me why my top up didn't work?
uhh no, you didn't interpret the request right.
set up whisper mode
What meetings are available in March?
can usa residents get a card?
remove {item} from list
how many things do i have planned tonight
what is the news today in polk county florida
Hi, during online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today as well. Please check the issue.
Where is miami
how can i convert centimeters to inches
The disposable cards, what are they for?
check and confirm the detail please.
get me some radio music from kamp fm
what’s the time in new york
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
tell me the song that's playing right now
is there a meaning to life
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but it was not authorized
PDA I am going to Sally's Birthday on Saturday at 10pm
give me update on news
can you confirm the date my last paycheck was received
Can I add a card back to the app?
Do I need to verify my top-up card?
what's the latest joke
Nice music
Do you support all fiat currencies?
Email to Matthew with content: Project finished, send me invoice please.
text dave, i'll be there soon
are my tires properly inflated with air
yeap that's right.
send report to consumer service
what is texas's timezone
can you tell me how to jump start the car
HI,Accordingly you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be working? Money just disappeared from my account.What should be done now?
How can I find an ATM that accepts this card?
I didn't set up a direct debit payment on my account.
could you elaborate more on what you said to me please.
Ask Joe and Joanne if they can attend tomorrow's meeting at 11am
Lights, color red.
How can I find out the source of my available cash?
I think my top-up was cancelled.
i'm looking for italian food suggestions
time zone between india and US
can you start the vacuum
where are you from
that does not matter to me.
None
delete my to do list
help increasing credit on discover card
I made a payment but the app cancelled it.
is there somewhere my personal loan displays the interest rate i'm paying on it
What is the recipe for chocolate chips?
play games
at what time is my flight scheduled to land
please tell me how to change the oil in my car
wouldn't care.
any death news in times of india.
Are my friends able to top up my account?
does my vacation have approval
are there any problems with my bank account
Whats new in London
yeah, that's how it is
How to verify my identity
what times may i travel to location a
In the App I see a payment that is not mine.
Tell me how to top up my account using bank transfer.
no, let me say it again.
Why has my deposit in the ATM not cleared yet?
tell me joe joe's home address
tell me something neat about the ocean floor
i'd like you to confirm the details please.
Can I link another card to my account?
swap my amex pin to 1234
i said that incorrectly.
My transfer appeared not to work.
list local ongoing exhibitions
play radio programm name
send an email to rohit saying i am busy tomorrow
Can I put my old card back into the system? I just found it/
Does the nearby dominos have delivery
what did you say in the last conversation.
resuming playing my current audio book
speak the last words one more time please.
how many kilos are in 150 pounds
Is there a article on polar bears?
please would you repeat what you've said.
is there any good place in hawaii kai that serve local food
i want to finish listening to the book one thousand nine hundred and eighty four from where i left off
Why would I need a disposable card?
Clear my activities list for today.
what time does the first train depart from chicago
how to jump start a car
Is a non-electronic card available as well
show number and contact email of rehan
Let my cable company know that I hate it.
when does the car payment come due
how cold is today
After reviewing my charges, I see I was charged a fee for a transfer I did, why?
hey Olly, is it going to rain today in Brooklyn, New York?
i think it's true
I am just waiting on the completion of the transaction.
when is my meeting with invoicing scheduled
remove noodles from the list
What continent is Germany on
New Meeting,add Bill and Malinda as attendees
i need to change my house lights colour to blue
I was charged twice.
how is the stock going in general
is it possible to increase the limit on my visa
what plug type does greece use
i'd like to know when my next day off is
power on wemo
I have a duplicate payment on my account
mobile shop
go to next
i need my pin number
Set wake-up Thursday 7 am.
confirm that please.
please inform me the gas i need to fill this car up with
What music is playing?
I have a transaction that shows multiple times.
make me some coffee
Why hasn't my cash arrived from a deposited check?
Switch the lights off
There is no way for me to prove my identity.
can i put normal unleaded in this car
Please check and Repeat this song one time more.
PDA please mark my calendar for a holiday in Cuba on April 2.
ANY RESTAURANT IN THE BEAUTIFULL
please convert nine am cst to est time
Coffee, make now
is my order due yet
What is the current week weather
Is it possible to open an account for my children?
are any of my new emails from amy
Why do you require so many details about my identity?
go to alarm on menu
Why was I charged a fee when I paid with card?
i want you to switch to whisper mode
i applied for the credit card, have you processed my application
what is the name of the song playing right now
i need to know when my credit card is going to expire
what is today's fun fact
I want to listen to the podcast of the Super bowl this past year.
can you please make a coffee
check my twitter account
will you check and confirm that please.
Hi,I tried to get some money out but the machine was not working .The transaction still seems in progress! Can you please check what's going on.I don't want to be charged for money that I did not received.
what is your best joke
show me some vegan restaurants close by
How do I add a new card?
that's not the right answer.
how long until i can expect my new card to get mailed to me
i want to make a purchase
what is the best method to decide what the best thing to do is....re:
How are cash withdrawals pending?
Have I gotten any new emails today?
Play the next episode of this podcast.
set my alarm for six thirty in the morning tomorrow
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but according to the app a transaction was made when i didn't make it.
would you shut up.
If I exchange currency frequently, can I get a discounted rate?
set an alarm for me
today i couldn't find my phone
Can you explain to me the way to verify my top up has gone through?
Why would I get a decline message in a transfer?
it's so much easier with you around
coffee please
my party list
change back to your initial settings please
can you please clarify me about this further.
I had transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed.
put a block on my amalgamated bank account right now
Why doesn't my balance reflect my transfer
I want a refund on the things i bought
can you give me information on how to rent a car
find the nutrition info for cucumbers for me
get out of whisper mode
what ingredient can be used instead of saffron
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
'PDA', guess what happened today? (now user begins speaking about day)
How do I update my PIN to a new number?
will set alarm clock one hour before my next dentist appointment?
tweet @wendys that i don't like their product
How long will it take to receive a virtual card?
turn off living room lights
Olly, where did the first americans settle?
Find easy recipe for corn bread
remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
who is your employer
thanks but you had it not right.
go to www dot metronorth dot com for train tickets
look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency one
give me manual on how to change oil
could you rephrase that further to me.
can I see my lists for today
is it possible to increase the credit limit for my discover card
i need to know the date of my car's last visit to the shop please
what's my monthly income
99.9 FM is currently playing what music?
Can I get a Visa card?
what is the mpg like for this car while driving in the city
i would like an uber please
Any traffic issues today?
There is an urgent transfer I need to make from China.  How long will it take to get it processed?
when was this song released
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
send an email to my boss
Why can't I see my PIN?
tell me about the current weather
turn off garage light
i broke my card scraping snow off the windshield
can you slow down the rate at which you talk
can you tell me my location
lets talk about your hobbies
Add Bola birthday of 12th July to my calender
I have a duplicate payment showing up on the app. How do I stop myself being charged for the thing twice?
what is the current time in chennai
How is my ATM deposit not available yet?
what is the lowest i can pay on my phone bill
please speak that one more again.
please find the exact payment due date for my sprint phone bill
What are the trending articles on the New York times.
turn off my room lights
i need to submit a request for pto for june 12th to june 14th
Play squash with me.
I would like to get both a Visa and MasterCard?
Company coming over Echo turn on the vacuum cleaner right now.
Update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
Olly retrieve the light for me.
Do you provide currency exchange to Euros?
Which currencies can I use to add money?
what is the latest email from zita
yes you have done that perfectly.
delete the last list
let me know the time
did you get the last thing said correctly?
When did Prince start singing?
I don't recognise a cash withdrawal
i want to hear radio head please
how many cups are in 4 quarts
Volume up.
play an fm
how many american dollars are in a euro
where is a walking trail near me
find list in my pda
Tell me today's weather report of city A.
decrease the volume
is there really an answer to the meaning of life
turn down your volume please
What is the estimated wait time for transfers from the US?
Save this song as a favorite
i must find the interest rate for my checking account
where is my phone now
can you book me a hotel in los angeles near commerce casino from april 1st to the 5th
make a list of management staff for the 20th oct meeting
Sex
please can you check that.
Do I have an appointment today?
what is today's high temperature predicted to be
bring the lights down a bit
Why has politics become so polarized recently?
I need a new card.
would you please confirm that.
how many miles can i drive before i need to change my tires
please repeat that.
what meetings do i have next thursday
can I transfer my salary if it's in a different currency?
can you pull up the dave ramsey podcast that aired on monday
play a game of contra as a second player
excellent.
thanks for the response, olly.
i am angery
i want change your name to russ
i want a step by step explanation of how to change the oil in my car
At what ATMS am I able to use the card?
what is your mother language
Do you charge for sending out more cards?
will you roll a 10 sided dice
How are you today
Can I use SWIFT transfers?
s2, i was unclear about your answers.
Can you delete my account please?
add light
create new list
define the moon for me
A transaction is showing more than once.
tell me form whom I got the last email
please let me hear 666 the number of the beast
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train
I am having trouble activating my card.
Can I top up any amount?
My ATM got stuck and I'm not sure what to do.
i have detected fraudulent activity on my account
send an email and save the contact information for samuelwaters@hotmail dot com
beep when i get an email from john
How come my top-up didn't go through instantly, like it usually does?
please rectify the command.
I can't verify my identity.
I have my card, when whill my PIN be available?
Is there something wrong with my card payment? It's been pending a really, really long time.
i am sorry but you have messed up my command.
i don't know how to change my oil or what type i need
give me the point total on my visa card
would you like to introduce yourself
are you working for me or what
start making a coffee
Why would the app revert my payment?
what is my schedule for tomorrow morning
i would like it if you would turn the bedroom lights on low until i'm finished reading
start from my last session of joes book
reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
I need your help in deleting my account.
Where are you getting your exchange rates from?
don't mind for any one.
are there any construction areas on Harvard?
progress from the last paused point of my audio book
did you receive this person email
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I think it's blocked. What do I do?
tell me how to change my policy
What is the source of my funds.
I went for a meal in Seattle and paid the bill but I think they charged me twice, the first time they swiped the card I got a notification to say the money had gone out the account but then I added a tip and I think they swiped it all again. Can you refund one of the charges?
confirm my last command please.
I lost my wallet and all my cards were in it.
I said
whats the time in denver
i received my American Express in Apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not working?
where should i go to get my dead car battery checked out
Who sent me email today and what was the subject?
nope, this was not what i wanted.
Hello, I tried to top up with my card, but it didn't work. I just got it a couple days before and it works fine. What's the deal? Can you check into this?
What's the traffic this morning?
I would like to start a new list
set a seven minute timer
Where do I scan my card?
review the alarms i have
whats the definition of indignation
Am I able to exchange currencies?
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
give five stars to this song
what is the calorie content in peanut butter
The correct exchange rate wasn't given to me for an item I purchased.
i want my bank account frozen
could you insert broken by evanescence to my music
What is the weather like this week
about how much did i spend recently
Why didn't I get the amount I requested at the ATM?
Is it hot and muggy or warm and humid in the bayou today?
I recently transferred money to my account when will it show up?
Why am I being charged for ATM fees?
I'm on vacation in Europe but I desperately need to change my PIN. Can I do this from abroad?
how do i change pounds into kilograms
Can I verify my top-up card?
Are there any crafts fairs happening in this area?
Please help me with my card.  It won't activate.
How long will my transaction take?
can you read my shopping list to me
What is the going rate for Wells Fargo stock?
How do I find my PIN?
what is the weather in home town
you've done it right i appreciate it.
Is Jessica's birthday on April 12th?
Can someone please help assist me by explaining to me why my pass-code is not working?
when was the last time my car was in the shop
I am reluctant to use ATMs international because I don't get an accurate exchange rate
play lady by kenny roger
what is the current time in delhi
I think that the exchange rate for the withdrawal of my cash is not right.
let’s chat using spanish
yeah excellent response to the command.
go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection
Can I get a card in the EU?
turn on the roomba for me
what should i do now that my car battery is dead
My recent transfer needs to be cancelled immediately; it was a mistake, please can you cancel it before it goes through?
Find emails about hours from work
what's the news in politics
Send email to Joy Hey I missed you yesterday want to go out for dinner tonight
What is the source of your exchange rates?
people canceling iowa vacations over congressman's words
play the next one
measure tire pressure
Why wasn't my payment to beneficiary X approved?
i need to hear sound on my speakers
What is your favorite color?
I have a new email address, can you send an email?
i want to do laundy at 8pm, create reminder
where can i shop around here
Is it a good time to exchange?
One of my payments was doubled
set alarm at 6:30 a.m
When was Justin Bieber born?
appreciated, that's nice.
please help me in finding my phone
what's my flight's eta
set a birthday event for martin
s1, please explain me more on your answers.
How many Oscars does Morgan Freeman have?
Send an email to (sender)
There appears to have been a reversion in my top up
will you respond to adam instead of the current name
s2, i am unclear about it.
I need a train ticket to...
can i take out the olive oil and use lard
Please help me make a transfer. I keep receiving an error and I'm trying to make the initial mortgage payment for a flat I'm buying. What is the deal here?
what is the traffic like today
let me know if you are a human or a computer
Remind me about my anniversary in one day advance.
i will be in uruguay from january to august, please let me bank know
could you please have Uber be at my house in fifteen minutes?
I already made a transfer and want to cancel it, how do I do that?
i forgot the pin number for my college fund account
I got the incorrect amount of money given to me from my account
i need a ride to the airport
do my task list have call kath on it
Can you explain why my transfer was unsuccessful?
Play Jack Johnson playlist music
yo order take out from jason's deli on sixth ave
please go to the song after this one
how many events on my list
podcast next episode
What is the object in this photo?
Switch on Radio mango
i need to know where my due date is for my lawn bill
i don't know where i put my phone
my previous job's 401k needs to be rolled over
please repeat the last song
I need help getting the virtual card to work.
can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
can you tell me what list i have
find all the contacts named john
show johns office number
this is not clear.
find a taxi for me
can you check when i'm next due for an oil change
How can I Use thereto-top option?
What do I need to do to change the address on my account?
Where do I go to order my card?
wouldn't mind.
Something went wrong, I was charged an extra pound?
what is a googleplex?
what name do you go by, ai
The expiration of my card is near, how do I order a new card?
Do I need any kind of proof for the identity check?
What does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
tell me the steps to getting my credit score
turn on flappy bird
use a different accent
The app denied my top-up
erase that item from my list
i need to know how old you are
checkout today third set alarm
please change the language
i'd like to have my paycheck direct deposited to my chase account
what's my insurance benefits like
turn off the light of my bed room please
Show me today all train times of next 2 hours at Jodhpur to Jaisalmer.
i need for you to ask the question again
Will it be warm on Friday night?
Can I convert currency with the app?
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at a couple different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's a problem with my account?
am i your manager
Hello book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
Can you tell me the names of the fiat currencies that I can use at your institution?
please turn bedroom lights off
did they process the credit card i applied for
Can I have a auto top-up when my account is short?
flip the coin, i choose heads
someone stole my discover card
I transferred my funds, why did it not go through?
please remove dallas from my travel itinerary
check chase bank for my checking balance
can the 401k i have be rolled over
start playing podcast about books
The list contain what ?
How many mega pixel is listed in the description of the Canon T7i?
take away my alarm for tomorrow at four thirty am
help me to disconnect from my phone
Set a reminder for the thirteenth that I have a lunch with Dale.
play radio mirchi for me
what is my wife's email
what is the phone number for the nearest location of church's chicken
Hearing about your verification results from us may take anywhere from 10 minutes to approximately one hour.  If this verification has in fact, failed, double-check to make sure that your images are clear.  Also make sure that your document photos have no blur or glare. They need to be readable.  You must also be 18 years of age or older and be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open an account.
turn on the vacuum now
book a train ticket from los angeles to chicago that goes via miami
i lost my phone, can you help me find it
show me delivery near me
Will my other US credit card be accepted?
Where is the option to top up with a cheque?
how many days off for vacation do i have left
olly add sugar to my shopping list
Is there a charge for a foreign currency exchange?
I saw there is a cash withdrawal from my account via the app which I did not complete.
it does not matter to me, olly.
show me the programmes i have today.
"when the credit score improve
There is a charge on my card that I did not make
do i have any music by lady antebellum
what is the current exchange rate of euro to dollar
play the god of small things
Why did the funds not transfer to another recipient?
I can't do the verification.
tell me about lisa ann
The app is telling me that I am not me.
what new movies are good
What is on my list today?
get me takeaway food
I'd prefer a Mastercard.
i am choosing heads, now please flip that coin
tell me a funny joke about men
Have you started charging for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free until I noticed this fee. How much is the fee?
I've checked multiple times to make sure the account number listed is the right one after attempting to make a transfer within the country the day before yesterday. The transfer is still not available so can you please find out what is going on?
let me know today's date in american format
what do i need to make a vacation request with you
help setting up direct deposit
Tell my meetings for tomorrow morning.
let me know about the exchange rate of rupee to dirham
do i need shots before traveling to mexico
what is now stock price of tata
down
please give me detail of one yen equals dollar
wait, i think it's not the correct answer.
can you tell me the routing number of wells fargo
How young can I be to open my own account?
I think when I withdrew money when out of country the exchange rate was wrong.
could you share my credit score
Google find any alarms I have set for today.
does this car get good mpg in the city
Good Morning, Vietnam!
order me postmates of mcdonald
tell me what is on my list
i need to hear what you've just said again.
Is there an issue with my card payment as it has not gone through.
start music
Why is this beneficiary being rejected?
flip that coin now
Show me 1 week weather of mumbai
please find me some good thai restaurants in new york city
I want to have multiple currencies in my account if possible.
when will i get my next paycheck
Delete Butterfly Clips from my Wish List.
Card payment declined?
start the coffee machine
book an uber to LA cinemas in one hour
I want to link my new card. Can you help?
I don't live in the UK. Can I still get a card?
wonderful response.
my events
my identity hasn't been verified and i can't edit my details, what's next
how do i get a virtual card for one time use
Make a list of all the Halloween events going around in New York
who were you made by
What is with the need to have all my ID information?
i'd like to know how much gas is left
Tweet this: Sick today.
Can you tell me why my top-up was canceled?
set timer for (x) minutes
My refund is not showing up in my account. Where is it?
Why didnt my top up go through
what transactions did i make yesterday at the flea market
you did command perfectly.
What alarms are on right now?
s2, i was unclear about last sentence.
add coffee to the grocery list
did you get the instruction correctly?
how to make fried rice
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY PHONES
write text and send to someone
Time in Chicago
what things did i not want to forget
switch on the vacuum cleaner
how is traffic from work to home
My transfer didn't work how come?
Are there any forecasts of rain or snow this week?
do you remember when i last changed my oil
what is the status of my pto
turn lights blue
Does it cost to add money to my card?
Do I have to do the identity check?
i want to go to bank of america give me directions
create list
Please play all songs by Bruno Mars.
add juice to my grocery list
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
I just completed a bank transfer and the balance didn't update
will you please show me my lists
that is not false
confirm my alarm settings
Send an email to Susan an write
Local News
how to get card pin?
Can someone help me unblock my pin?
describe your list
send mom a text asking where are you
I would like to hear Aretha Franklin's Call Me after this song.
what's some upcoming events i might want to go to
can i change your name to buttercup
what's your age again
please call me frank from now on
Why does it say pending cash withdrawal on my statement?
is there evening reservations available in the eve
did i set my house alarm
Play best friends by yelawolf
I have not seen any changes in my account balance(s) after making a transfer.
what are the nutrition facts for carrots
i think you've done task wrong.
want to play music
s2, i am unclear about what you just said now.
what bands are playing close by
What is currently trending on twitter?
How much is ok for me to top up with?
today is what day of the week
where can i order pizza for delivery
confirm the instruction please.
Money is not in recipients account.
can you make a phone call to kevin
What's the stock price of (insert)
how to make sausage PDA.
Set event as meeting notification
I may need to exchange my USD for GBP, can your app do that?
change my room lights to some romantic colour.
check the details please.
Mobile.
how many delta miles are on my card right now
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and canadian dollar
read abut the latest new about this world
compile information on the data breach
provide me with my credit score
Do I have email from my friend Rachel?
what's the artist's name of this song
How do I add a card on to the app?
How far is Florida from North Carolina
what is twenty three times fifty two
PLAY THE PROGRAMES IN THIS REQURIED PDA'S
Remind me if anything else happens
please help me with instructions on making chicken curry
please tell me that one more again.
The exchange rate for case abroad is applied wrong.
schedule a reminder on fifteenth march and input name as meeting
never mind, olly.
put alarm at five am
instagram
i tried using a virtual card for a hotel but it didn't work, why not
Please tweet 'Waited 65 minutes for a table at TGI Fridays.  Never going back'
could you role a ten sided die
name the singer
open a new email to contact
take me to the next song on this playlist
what alarms are upcoming
id like my pda to randomly make jokes unprompted
what's my current spending limit
i need to know how to make a vacation request
Why am I being asked to verify my identity?
what is the current weather like
where can i look up x's routing number
Remove my account immediately.
What exchange rates do you use?
brew coffee at noon
whats my recent transactions on my card
What's the maximum amount I can top up my card with please?
How do i change my identity?
Why did I get charged for a withdrawal?
don't mind.
can other people use the app to add money to my account
Are there any delays in traffic today?
What happened to Charlie Chaplin?
When can I use money sent to my account?
how about you save this music
what is the most i can top up?
set new alarm on five am
i love kfi so much he's by far my favorite
how can i rent a car in las vegas
what the singer meant by the title of the song bohemian rhapsody
what's going on in new york
A pending charge of 1L appears on my statement.  Please explain as I have not made a purchase for that amount
I went to do a transfer and it was declined.
pair yourself to my phone if you can
Could you list out the list of trains heading to XX the day after?
What is the current status of resolving general relativity with quantum physics?
I tried transferring money to a beneficiary, however, I was unsuccessful.
Please play me something from the Foo Fighters
Can we skip verifying?
If my transfer is from Europe how long will it take?
I was not distributed the correct amount of cash that I asked for
i think this was not correct.
i don't have that information
please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to new york
set an event 'happy birthday john' to repeat on 21-Jan-2017
hey olly turn up the lights a little
can you tell me what obsolescence means
Hi, I tried topping up for the first time today (I'm a new customer), and the transaction has shown as pending for the last half an hour. Can you fix it?
anything will be ok with me.
down
Tell me the news about share market ups and downs.
Remind me to call mom every Tuesday at 10 AM.
Are money transfers free?
begin new list of lottery numbers
tell me the date
Tell me more about John Smith.
bring back talking after
Play new Rihanna song
When will my payment go through?
wheres my pin
i really wanna get some more checkbooks mailed to me
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
tell me how much longer i will have to drive to reach the destination
how soon will you mail me a new card
Is my calender free for 4pm today
Do you offer auto top ups?
what is the cost for exchanging currencies?
where is wells fargo's routing number listed
what do my visa points look like
What factors effect the exchange rate?
what is a cookie recipe
i would like to share my location with my mom
how long should i cook a hamburger on each side
Schedule a meeting event in my calendar.
Why is there more then one charge on my card I only paid for one not twice how can I fix this?
please tell me the status of my southwest flight
anything new on social media
i need new language
thanks but you do not get answer correctly.
any good movies
How long does it take for a new card to ship?
remove my morning alarm
please switch to whisper mode
turn on the roomba for me
i have ten us dollars how many canadian dollars do i have
Where will I find my card?
please turn off the lights in the bedroom
get me takeaway food
Olly could you get John's email address for me
Save this song in my favorites.
Add reminder today evening to collect the parcel from Jakes bristo
Do I have any new emails from John Smith?
what is playing at the local theater right now
add carl's email to my contact
start creating a new list
please tell me if my vacation has been approved or not
My wallet doesn't show my recent top up.
hmm, i did not say this.
stock price fb
Can many seashells did Sally sell by the seashore?
let us do it again.
what's traffic look like over the golden gate bridge
Could you please tell me your exchange rates?
if i use my card in england will it cost me extra
Please give me the road forecast for I95 SB.
put on my shopping list i need carots
thank you so much for the information.
i would like PDA to solve maths issues
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
would you check what i said.
yeah amazing response.
I have been doing some online shopping, but when checking out, it keeps getting declined. I tried a few times and it wouldn't work. What could be wrong?
either or
What are the headlines from the new york times
Besides USD what other currencies can I have?
Help me please, I need to top up cash.
talk to you later on.
how good is the fuel usage for this vehicle
brighten the lights please
set the alarm for 7 am every day
repeat your last message
its peaceful
what time is it getting to be
any new email since last time
Can you please tell me why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
show me latest notifications
Increase the volume to 50
at what point balance can i redeem my points
i could not understand this.
send money from one account to another
play the last/next episode
Do I have a doctor's appointment in my calendar?
are there meetings schedules today between noon and one
yeah you did it exactly.
please erase the next birthday event
that isn't what i meant.
would like to know the alarm you sent
Please give me the latest feed updates.
i would like to have an alarm set for me
when did i place my order and what was the projected time it would take
can you please clarify me more on your answers.
should i buy a plug converter if i am traveling to egypt
Iphone 7 descritpion
when is my food going to be here
please start vacuum cleaner
How old does one have to be to have an account with the bank?
There was a fee charged when I paid with my card.
tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today
im at lax and my bags aren't
it's cool, musch appreciated, olly.
Can I get a Visa or Mastercard?
Show me rediff masala
Is it free to exchange currency?
i need to know who is your boss
please remove sporty event from list.
Did I not get my refund? I don't see it.
route to melbourne
can you help me figure out how to rollover my 401k
i'd like to have a reminder made
Amazon stock price
give me some cafes near downtown fort lauderdale
PDA please add new item to list
what is the definition of flange
does Arby's do takeaway
let's play space invaders together
please will you shut up.
what does rice wine go with
How do I prepare all my food for cooking?
i need your accent to be changed
I paid two weeks ago and just got refunded
can i get the definition to ambulance
do i have to be at any meetings today
The balance has not been updated.
i need the interest rate on my capital one account
call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza
what movie theatres are in stephenville
send a text to brooklyn with the message that i will see them later
My top up is not showing up in my wallet!
I need help with cooking baked chicken.
If I want to add funds to the account using American Express, how do I do that?
what is 20 + 20
purchase a flight from slc to columbus on tuesday that returns on friday
Can you tell me who create you?
it's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
remove vegetables from the list
show todays events in new york
Michael Jackson family background.
I made a bank transfer and the balance hasn't updated yet.
what are delta's carry-on policies for flights
I was trying to purchase something at the store today and my card has been declined.  Why has this happened?
tell me one more time again please.
does hannahs in galloway take reservations
please dim the lights
would you repeat that, please
take watering the plants off of my to do list
I can't get into the app with the passcode.
Someone has copied my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help now.
switch the lights to off
Please what is the current time in Paris?
How many alarms are currently set?
Is it 20th March today?
How do I deactivate my account?
They charged me wrong for a currency exchange on a purchase.
get me train times to location from station
Coordinate all pop song genres
Can you tell me the foreign exchange rate?
Respond to Graham and let him know that I will be free tomorrow.
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
What day is December 13th?
i would like you to buy me some paper plates
weather in chicago please
when's the the last time i was paid
Light Green
How many payments can I make using a virtual card?
lets just play the next song please
What do I need to do to verify my identity?
my games to play in my phones
i want to to schedule maintenance on my vehicle
who formed thou
how report that scratched my card
please throw this song onto my cleaning playlist
what's the total amount i've spent eating out in the last two weeks
There's a refund missing from my statement
Romantic light setting please
would you tell me my spending limit
turn the speakers down to five percent
What is the exchange fee that is charged?
My card has been swallowed by an ATM
explain photosynthesis
i want the room to be less bright
Weird Direct Debit payment
i lost my silicon valley card
i want to use my credit rewards now
please tweet waited sixty five minutes for a table at tgi fridays never going back
Two days ago I did a transfer to another account within the country.  It doesn't appear the transfer went through.  I have verified the account number several times.  Could you please check on this for me?
search events and meetups for central park west
What is the meaning of the word home
Remove frida from contacts
volume control
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
I recently reported my card as missing/lost, and I just found it. Can I still use it?
I could not get the cash I wanted
please confirm details.
set an alarm for five hundred and thirty
Can I cancel a transfer
open the local news app
what are the carry on rules for united
i need to know when's the next holiday
Remove that
confirm last thing i said.
what is the temperature today
What happened to where my top-up was canceled?
google pay top up did not work
Am I charged a fee to transfer funds?
i don't understand what you just said now.
please play the song 'joy to the world'
what takeout places are near me
what can i do in charlotte
Can you reply to Charlotte that I am going to be busy with the projects for next three weeks?
create a new miley cyrus station
what decent restaurants around here are italian
would you say what you said once again please.
what day it today
i wanna know what the traffic is like on the way to phoenix
What is the source of the money in my account?
please open audible app and resume play
i'd like you check the details please.
i need a recent transaction looked into
turn on vacuum cleaning
What is the most that I can top-up to a card?
change light color to blue
i'd like to report my card as stolen
If you mix a velociraptor and a hippo together, what would happen?
Why is my card not working anymore?
Recent tech headlines
who takes less of duration of time for delivery
Play a program about crime in Dallas area
i need to hear the word spoken again.
Tell more about this event
what things are you able to help me with
how many points do i have on my six flags rewards card
I need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
I want to know your exchange rates.
I have the cash already, my account still shows up as pending.  How can my account be still pending?
How many pesos can I get for a dollar right now?
is there a tire repair place near the post office
next podcast play
tell me whether you are a cat or dog person
Has Jane Doe emailed me
play i spy with me
PDA set this date to repeat reminder
Pull up lights control.
really i don't mind, olly.
Repeat my reminders from  yesterday?
don't really know.
what is the proper fuel type for my car
I tried my PIN too many times
where do i locate my routing number for my premium checking account
tell me something interesting about bees
go to default setting
please turn off all the lights in the house
play the next podcast episode
Double check your funds may be declined
bye-bye
please change the color of the light in the bathroom
so what is my name saved as
Remove the doctor's appointment I added to my calendar for February 12th at 9am.
I have a US credit card, will you accept it?
excellent response to the command.
please clarify once again.
how do you jump start a subaru forester
Lights off, bathroom.
What is Dolly Parton's birthday?
oh my god I lost my card! what should I do?
I have a direct debit transaction I have not set up, but would like to .
i was on delta flight ab123 out of new york and haven't been able to locate my luggage
I deposited money but my balance hasn't been updated yet.
Tell me how to cook a cheese souffle
Please tell me why the purchase I made online returned payment. I really wanted this item and I've been trying for 2 weeks.
I want to change my address.
how can i tell my bank i'm going to vietnam
Save this afternoon for my date
when was my last visit to the car shop
turn off the bathroom lights
how long will i wait for a table at red lobster
What if I don't verify my identity?
Why did my exchange rate change?
The app wouldn't accept my top up.
it is unimportant, olly.
how many likes i have got on my eggless cake post on youtube
what new emails do i have form amie
Recommend a movie playing in my area.
do they use a different plug in brazil
I should not have been charged a fee for my transfer.
please talk slower for me if you can
Cancel meeting at three
Will it rain this week?
So earlier I went to an ATM and got cash. But when I checked the app, it states that the withdrawal is pending. How can that be when I have the cash on me?
I got a notice from my app that I withdrew cash but I don't remember doing so. How do I fix this?
what is piramid
it's too dark i can't even see my hands
remove my grocery list
is anything different today about blank
what do i do for a dead car battery
I want to know how to transfer money with my credit card
i would like to replace the pin number for my retirement account
play am
play maroon five playlist
book me a hotel with good ratings in nashville
i've waited 2 days for a transfer to reach a retailers account, am i going to have to wait longer.
thank you for your time
what's the preparation time for this dish
Do I have new Emails?
How humid is the environment today?
anything unique to do in the city today
check my schedule for meetings today
list all events and delete
What is the exchange rate of Euro today to dirham
Is there a way to track the new card you sent me?
Echo, have I received any emails from Jeffrey Burnette?
which subjects can you tell me about
what were the reminders that i made
I need my card right away.
uhh no, you do not understand what i am looking for.
Order some fried chicken from Church's Chicken via Grubhub.
Wemo socket on
should i wear gloves tonight
I transferred the wrong amount and would like to cancel the transaction.
now i need to write an email to my colleague
Clear my calendar for Saturday
what is the latest traffic report for miami
PDA: Tell Bob Smith...
give me all my lists
what does the list contain
make a new list
when is taco bell going to arrive
when was my last payment
what are the list of things i need to buy today
could you tell me it once again.
remove all alarm of sunday
please will you check it.
can you delete that event on
start playing from where I left off on The Goblet of Fire
yeah got that perfectly.
when can i expect my order
how do i get a virtual card?
give me current information about traffic at central park road.
Is there something wrong with your website? I tried topping up my account and it's been close to two hours now and it's still at "pending" for some reason. I just joined with you guys and this is the first attempt at this, so maybe I'm wrong, but shouldn't this be instant?
add swimming to my calendar today
could you please check and confirm that.
when are my tires next due for a change
can you undo the reservation
I want to play a game with you
what do i pay in taxes
how does a cheetah look
Tell me what ATMs take this card.
Is there an allowance on cards?
Open pandora and play top 40's hits
Are there restrictions on new cards in China?
I want to give a second card for this account to my daughter, would this be possible?
can you speak a little faster, please
When does the train from Kansas City to Iowa leave?
open chess app and begin game
read out the list
how long is the wait at orchids
Reply to John stating that I will attend the party.
What else is on my calendar after my last meeting at 2 PM?
give me a geographic fact about vilnius
could you calculate five plus five
what would be good for dinner
I require verification for my source of funds.
Under what condition will my payment revert?
adios!
What do you demand for identity verification?
is yemen closer to japan or india
I'd like to make a new PIN selection.
i want to play the song again
what steps are involved in making lasagna
I am missing my refund.
what kind of music am i into
please play the radio gaga song
I am unavailable from 4 to 6 in the evening tomorrow. Mark my calendar.
Only 99.9 FM is to be played on the radio
can you be my best friend
give me kilograms to pounds
who employs you
don't let me forget i have a parent teacher conference this monday at four hundred pm
I transferred some money but it hasn't arrived yet
bye
please book a ticket form jaipur to mumbai on tuesday
Alexa, what is Denzel Washington's next movie?
I want to link to my card card with you, how?
you are so helpful, thank you very much.
just idle chit chat
give me a fun fact about kangaroo
make me some coffee from the coffee machine
reply wishes to john by email
please switch off the light
I was refunded the money for something I bought already.
Play the beatles
What countries are you located in?
i lost a card and i need to report it
wake me up at eight o'clock
research the meaning of life
I still haven't received my card in the mail
uhh no, i did not say this.
what day is this event scheduled for
can my limit be increased for my visa
why isn't it letting me into my bank account
we have a table at the taco bell under bowie we need to release
i'm looking for a bar do you know a good one
Will you charge me if I top up by card?
cancel the event valentine's day from the calendar
check my facebook notification
How do I troubleshoot Google pay top up?
how do you spell out espresso
would you tell me the interest rate
What are the reasons for a declined transfer?
send a tweet about sonys volume issues
any hobbies you like to do
How many meetings do I have next week?
Please book a ticket of Rajdhani Express Train from Jaipur.
tell me items that are on my shopping list
I've already tried 5 times to complete a transfer that's just standard. What's the deal? Is your system down at this time?
Can I do a bank transfer to put additional money in my account because I am out of money?
remove next meeting today in my calendar
how does my statement get updated so i know when a refund will reflect on my balance
How long will it take for the card to arrive?
i'd like you to check on my credit score
Is it going to be windy on Saturday in denver
Can you help me transfer money into my friend's bank account? I tried to do it but it keeps rejecting me. I need to get the money in there asap. I have enough and all the account info is correct.
locate my phone for me
tell me how long it will take to prepare a lasagna
get the roomba to clean up
what is the train schedule to denver
is my tire pressure okay on my car
Play next song.
can my husband open an account and transfer money
what's the minimum payment
how can i apply for a visa card
does bar tartine in san francisco take reservations
get more information on geographic information about this place
I need assistance with activating my new card.
what is the most unique piece of trivia relating to cameras
Why was my cash withdrawal declined?
What is a neutral density filter and would I want a gradient one or a solid one. Also which would be better in style between the screw on one and the square ones.
rate u. s. d. to g. b. p.
should i have my shots up to date before i travel to the virgin islands
Set environmental news notification.
Give me stats on the election by the hour
what oil do i use when changing oil and how do i do it
Has my boss sent me new e-mails today?
It appears my top-ups have been canceled.
great job, you've done well.
I'm not able to activate my card how do I fix this problem?
Just let me know the current date today
Respond to my email from Bob letting them know i'll see them tomorrow.
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
tell me what happens when we die
brighten of lights in living room
you are going to be called joe now
please say one more time again.
Can you please explain how to transfer money using the bank transfer process?
take $40 and transfer it to account a from b
when will my milk be no good
can you continue audiobook the circle
increase
Remove a list of things to buy
delete mike stein from contacts list
I noticed a new fee on my account. I didn't know there were fees for these payments. What is the policy?
that is enough, stop.
is it necessary to get a shot for travel to india
i need you to set an alarm
can you order me some buffalo chicken pizza
could you translate this into chinese for me, please
what is fifty five minus two
can i pay a bill
book a train ticket for tomorrow going to new york
ted talks
Please help me cancel a transaction.
I used my card top-up but all of the money is missing.
local events
Please defined about social media.
any one would be fine to me.
What is this extra fee that I got when I used my card to pay?
i can barely hear you
Define Rumplestiltskin.
560 divided by 3
my starbucks rewards balance is
can you tell me what time this flight is going to land
Turn off the Wemo plug socket
Remove calendar events for this week
do the knicks have a game at home tonight
What is the weather for this week?
how low are my tires right now on air
I asked for more cash than what was received
Will you accept a cheque to top up my account?
What is the stock price for...
s2, i couldn't quite catch that.
save this song as my favorite
nutrition information of mashed potatoes
did anyone like my photo i just posted
how much gas do i have in the tank
start the audiobook file for where i left off in a tale of two cities
send a tweet to amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
please tell me if i still have a reservation at acero for susie
Please tell me how I can get a virtual card.
can you place the sound on mute
can you help me find my cell
What is this card payment, I do not recognize it.
how's the traffic downtown
I need to order a  new card, mine is about to expire and I need to know how much it will cost and how long until I receive it.
sent to
provide me with the list of great restaurants in A
start the robot vacuum cleaner
rate usd gbp
turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
is the four hundred and thirty pm train running late
My latest transfer seems to be missing.
what's happening around me
i gotta to the female voice
PDA I love to rock out with my sock out.
Can you refund my purchase?
PDA please schedule a meeting for me.
how much in the clock?
the atm chewed up my card can i get a new one
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
I initiated a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending", how long will it take to clear?
I've already topped up, but I cannot see the funds being available. What happened?
can you show me where i am on a map
what is the distance from my current location to downtown Toronto?
please inform regarding the procedure to cash in my rewards for my citibank card
check what said.
have i gotten any new emails from mary
how many pesos can i get for one dollar
what is that once again.
Where is the transaction I made to a friend?
Will this card work all over the world?
thanks but i think that was not the correct command.
can you speak once again please.
set lights brightness higher
How much to exchange currencies?
For how long will my transfer be pending?
Olly, what movies are playing at Carmike Cinemas?
how to change name on account
please play back some important points summary
calorie count of cheetos
book a first class ticket in the next train to miami
tell me weather forecast
are you busy
It says "pending payment?" Why is it saying this?
what do i need if i want to make lasagna
The card can be used at which ATMs?
please respond to me in spanish
not, that is not correct, please try again.
PDA can you define this word
change the lights in the living room to green and red
What are the steps for depositing cash into my account?
I am confused why there is cash I did not accept in my account
thanks please
do you know recipe for making apple pie
remember this music
current stock price intel
PDA please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing.
would you reset what i've said please.
what is the answer to four plus four
text message chris and say i love you
Olly, what is the definition of the word 'snafu' ?
can you help me report my lost card please
yeah that's fantastic.
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
how is the traffic today
Is there any new environmental news?
pause the book
someone stole my discover credit card
tell to joe's email that come to my house in this moment i am alone
what are some tourist sites to see in ann arbor
I have a payment that hasn't went through yet.
I would like to make a purchase, however my card has been declined. I would like to ask the reason for this. The past two weeks, the card has been working fine.
I want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
PDA, what's the word orange mean?
is my delta flight on time
I want to close my account. The service you provide is unsatisfactory to me.
hmm, you gave me not correct information.
i was not so clear about your answers.
can you schedule a meeting with steve for 5
what is the date for next tuesday
would you play some music please
Why can't I take $100 out
order some fried chicken from church's chicken via grubhub
what shops are round here
bring back talking after 40mins
My account statements show a debit payment that I didn't make it's from some time ago I need to know if it is disputable.
Tell me how to delete my account.
My friends want to top up my account
just call me dennis
remember this music
Why did you cancel my card payment?
how much pto do i have left
change sound setting to whisper
What was the date when the Plum Street Temple in Cincinnati, Ohio was built.
olly will you please shut up.
what are the current movies playing in me area
There was a strange transaction made on my account a couple weeks ago by a seller I don't recognize. May you please check on this transaction for me.
can you locate my phone
Is top-up possible with Apple Pay?
turn off kettle socket
slow down your talking too fast i don't understand you
is it possible for you to use the whisper voice
Where was Marlon Brando born?
check emails from gary for last hour
put the last song on repeat
did i remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
Can you set the location to my sisters house for this event?
My account needs to be deleted.
Show me how to cook lasagna.
I was told I would be getting a refund but I have yet to see it
There is a odd withdrawal on my account.
how do you spell hotdog
Can I get delivery from here?
PDA, how do you define the word orange?
Where is the card I ordered 2 weeks ago?
email XXXXX@gmail.com add to email contacts
Please send an email to John saying I'm on Leave
My account says a withdrawal is pending - why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
save opinion on song
what are you hobbies
Who can purchase a disposable virtual card?
i like you to check that please.
find out if there's a new credit card that suits me
What's going around in the world these days?
it was cool, thank you very much.
What steps do I take to verify my identity?
I need assistance finding out why I am unable to top-up my card, it keeps getting refused.  It is extremely imperative I get this resolved quickly.
I tried to pay with my card and it didn't work
tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty one is
near pizza shops
NOTE DOWN IMPORTANT EVENT IN THIS WEEK.
Schedule me a taxi for after my Thursday meeting.
please unmute yourself
give me more light
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
What is going on with international news
I just got $20 when I tried to get $100
help me obtain a virtual card
I locked myself out of my account, how do I unblock my PIN?
book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
Does delivery to the US take long?
Give me the description about watch
i'd like the lights in the garage to be turned on
Why did my card get charged twice for a transaction?
what name is saved for me
let me know what is showing on my calendar for the 17th of march
s2, i did not quite catch up with you.
My money hasn't been transferred yet.
where is stonehenge
I didn't get as much cash as I asked for from the ATM, why?
where can i pick up a good burger near where i am
i want to hear the very next song on this playlist
what is your point of origin
Make the smart socket turn off
remove grocery list
I have cash deposit to my account but it is experiencing a problem
shuffle music by aaron carter
i feel like it is time for me to sign up for a new credit card
what temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
Help me to set up contactless payments.
Could you tell me why my top up isn't showing in my wallet?
turn up the volume on the music
what do you do with my personal data
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party
Where is the statue of liberty located
please play red fm
What do I need to do to transfer money with my credit card?
Will I receive all the money sent to my account by SEPA transfer?
it's awfully dark here
Book a taxi
how many centimeters are in an inch
why did i get declined transfer
will my order be here by saturday
I was transferring some money to a friend, which I thought would be free, but I see there is a charge.  What's up with that?
What is the area of Alaska
respond to graham and let him know that i will be free tomorrow
cut off the bathroom lights
well hi there
would you elaborate your words once again to me please.
what does pda mean
can you show me how to set up direct deposit for my paycheck to my first hawaiian bank account
which vaccinations should i get before i go
Why would I receive an error that my transfer isn't possible when I've done it before?
play bbc radio one
I am traveling to Germany, Will I be able to use my card there?
how is doctor spelled
is the traffic smooth right now
i no longer want my reservation anymore
can i make it to los angeles with this fuel level
look for different recipes
the pin number to my card has been forgotten
It appears as though my card payment was duplicated. I paid at the store earlier today. The first time it was declined and the second time it worked. The app is still showing one of the payments to be pending. Please take one of these off because clearly the first was declined and is not correct.
i need to get to bristol Friday night can you book me a ticket please
if i have four inches, how many centimeters is that
randomly pick between heads or tails and tell me if tails wins
Has my card been lost in delivery?
have i made loss in which stocks
What is the traffic now?
go back the the settings you had originally
How can I reset the passcode if I need to do that?
did sara tried to call me
shit, this isn't what i am searching for.
I lost my phone and would like to freeze my accounts.
Are there any fees if I use a European bank card for a top up?
where were your born
Is there a transaction limit on a disposable card?
once more please.
correct last one.
Delete the list item about the meeting.
What's the process for terminating an account?
Why do I have a transaction showing up more than once?
do you know the current time in southern california
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
throw away my to do list please
Hi, event has been added in your calendar. Please check.
What awards did Erica Grebe win last night?
can you make the default language swedish
does pink have a new baby
did anybody post on facebook today
I want you to remind me the next meeting with my girlfriend, it will be at 8 pm next sunday
can you put a block on my visa account right away
start the gilmore guys
is there a way to tell when i need my oil changed
I just got an email in confirming my purchase with my card. I login to the mobile app on the card and found out there are several purchase were made without me aware of it. Evidently someone had stole my card information and made these fraudulent purchase. I need the transaction to be reverse and have my card suspended.
what timezone is scotland in
let me know how to get to the starbucks nearby
Do I need to bring my snow jacket today?
calendar event
I am waiting for a payment to be processed
let me know what ingredients i need to make pasta
I was making a purchase and it was declined and I wanted to know why.
turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee
Can I open an account for my children?
I didn't make this direct debit transaction
send $20 from debit to steve's account
Help!  My wallet was stolen and someone is taking money out.  I need this money!  What can I do?
let me know today's date in american format
What is jay's phone number
On the list, tell me the names.
The app is showing a payment I never made.
do you know the smallest amount i can pay on my water bill
start reading fifty shades of grey from chapter four
i need to know what routing number i should use for ally
pls turn off the alarm
on amazon tweeter handler tweet a complain about quality of my jeans
turn on socket
please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow ten in the morning
please play a podcast
what company are you employed by
what is the minimum payment on my chase mastercard
I need to urgently transfer something from China. How long will it approximately take?
erase my appointment with ted
cheapest fare for flight from tehran to new york on august 1 with return on august 20
The app passcode has completely slipped my mind.
current status of take out order
Someone else charged my card!
I think someone has hacked my card!
what's my name on file
What is the time over in Florida?
it's cool, thank you very much.
what ingredients do i need to make potato skins
Close down my account.  I don't like your service.
How much does it cost to exchange currencies?
perfect job, you have done well.
is it recommended to get any specific shots before i travel to iceland
When will my cash withdrawal show/
I'm unsure of a withdrawl in my statement.
stop the current song and play the next one on this playlist
Please start the coffee pot
I'd like more information about choosing a Visa or Mastercard.
I see an unfamiliar Direct Debit payment.
please order me lo mein and egg rolls from panda express now
are there any updates on facebook
send email to bro and say hi come down for dinner tonight
Create a new list for me please
Tweet my complaint about my truck to Consumer Digest.
What happened to my top-up? I think it was cancelled.
Where can I withdraw money from?
hey i need you to make a list of cricket players of indian team who played for the international team in two thousand and fourteen
My card is no longer lost. How do I enter it back into the app?
How do I get my paycheck through this?
Where can I check to see if there will be a fee added to my payment? Are there specific instances that will result in a fee added?
I don't think my top up worked
i need to delete an event from my calendar
lowest amount for cable bill
how many miles will a gallon of gas take this car
please help with paying my cell phone bill
will it snow this weekend
what is 750 divided by 5
Why was my top up cancelled?
other songs by this artist
Read CNN headlines
nice
can you cancel what you were doing
tell me what is on my grocery list for this week
if you don't mind, please switch to whisper mode
is it suppose to rain today
Which song am I listening to right now?
mute audio
The amount of cash I requested to withdrawal did not match what I received when exchanged
awesome work, you did well.
please read the last email for me
please let me know the alarm kept for tuesday's meeting
My transfer was declined, why is that?
Please turn off left side lights.
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
cancel my 8:00 pm prime rib reservation
remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow
I have noticed that my account was double charged for a couple of items this week. Please review and refund the double charged items back.
from now on i'm going to call you ishmael
what are the locations i can withdraw money
would you check and confirm the details please.
make sure to put eggs on the grocery list
Please tell me how to do my daughters 8th grade math
how much traffic does atlanta georgia usually have
how long do you cook a hamburger for
olly you got a command wrong.
how do you spell asian
do they use any special type of plug in spain that you need a converter for
Why do I have to pay extra for using my card?
Where is my virtual card?
where is stonehenge
How do I cook a hard boiled egg?
Please unmute yourself.
Can I get a refund on an item?
order a twelve piece honey mustard wing combo with seasonimg altnon the fries and a sprite as the drink
Is there a specific date i can have it delivered?
Remind me to pick up the laundry next Monday
Why is there an extra pound charge that is pending?
please share up to the minute details on sprint
what is my gymboree card's rewards balance
Can you explain your exchange rate policy to me?
thank you very much for the answer.
tell me fun science facts
My card hasn't arrived.
Start radio station for me
when my takeaway order will arrive
I like to Mastercard rather than Visa.
my disney visa card is stolen
Please make coffee according to my earlier preferance
see you
any one, olly.
How long should I wait for the card to arrive?
yeah you've done the command exactly.
What is the name of this song playing right now
stop repeating this song
go to whisper mode until this movie is over
its ok
schedule an oil change for me
I have just read my statement and there is a payment I don't recognise.
can i cancel my reservations
hey what is the definition of recipe
Is there a way to pull up information about a contact?
can you look to see whether feeding the fish is on my to do list
siri what is one american dollar in japanese yen
are you a human or a bot
has my purchase been delivered yet
How can I get my Google pay top up to work?
post this pic to facebook
Still waiting on my refund...
tell me what you just said once again please.
Will I be fined for topping up by transfer?
what time is it in the alaska standard timezone
reach by mail to my family.
What went wrong with my transfer?
Hey, I'd like you to order burger
i replaced tires last june when should i do it again
change my house lights colour to blue
get me an uber for 3 people uptown
at what time have you set alarm for me
immediately begin using whisper mode
Set a reminder for two days prior of the event
no, that can't be right
how many alarms are currently on my phone
What locations are you in?
I tried using a foreign currency at an ATM, but the ATM provided me an incorrect rate. Why is that?
I need you to remove item s from my list
what does my morning look like tomorrow?
s1, can you clarify further on your words please.
I asked for more cash than what was received
either of them could be i'm not sure
what is my annual percentage rate
show me the events in my work calendar for next week
give me directions for the place
After I deposited my cash, I still don't see it in my account.
what did you mean by saying it.
There is a single payment on my card which shows as pending.
what's my credit score
can i refer to you as mike from here on out
I'm not quite understanding why my cash withdrawal is showing as pending.
My top up is not working
How can I get my card back out?
i want to start war and peace where i left off
Add my car payment on the 12th in my calendar.
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined, I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
Show me articles about the new iphone eight
how is my credit limit
I've made a transfer, how long until the money reaches my account?
do i have any get togethers this week
i want your volume louder
Is it Joes birthday soon
how much total gas do i have
my phone is lost - can you help me find it
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE DEFINITION OF CYLINDER.
the radio should play only on nine hundred and ninety nine fm
i did not get any money but still was charged
on the speaker do you know what song is on
tell me my payroll account balance
I don't appreciate the extra fees being siphoned from my account. I was helping some friends move to Japan and we were buying home decorations at the local stores. The  receipts differed greatly from what showed up in my bank account and my statement. When can I expect the extra fees to be back in my account?
A transfer to an account was not allowed
olly please will you shut up.
What happened yesterday on samurai jack.
i need to know the pin number to my card
maybe it does
I tried to make a transfer and it was declined. Why?
what are all of the ingredients for brownies from scratch
would you please confirm that.
what stuff would i need to make tortellini
please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie
Is there a way to revert my transaction from this morning?
Where do I scan my card?
Is there something wrong with my ATM Card?  Tried using it earlier and it did not work.
Let me know if I get a new email today.
Send an email to test1@gmail.com with the subject as test and no content.
PDA, how do I get to the mall?
Can I use your app if I am from the EU?
Delete my appointment tomorrow
Does this card work everywhere?
features of google pixel
What ATMs use this card?
wouldn't know, olly.
i need to get my oil changed
what can i do to maintain good credit
My card is about to expire.  How do I order another?
s1, please will you clarify more on your answers.
send from twitter
what are the ratings for chipotle
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
power down the plug socket one
i am a bit panicked because my luggage seems to have gone missing
My salary is in GBP, is this something I need to configure?
What is the number of days I have to wait for my Europe transfer?
Are there any MMA events coming to Golden 1 Center?
I don't recognize this payment
go ahead and roll that 9 sided dice
Can you explain the transfer fee that I was charged?
whats the time in dubai
how many calories are in apples
what events do I have comming up
Do I have an alarm set for morning flight?
On Monday, the 20th, I need to have a conversation with Greg about our weekend trip.
keep me updated on the election results
Tell me the latest stock of pepsi
quiet mode on until i am home from work
i'm wondering what health plan i'm on
olly that is enough.
i want you check my last instruction please.
What does apple of my eye mean?
my phone was taken yesterday, what should I do about my account?
How can I check the source of funds?
Any important emails
yeah you have done your understanding right.
how smooth is marble floor
i need to send a text
i do not care, olly.
i need to let my bank know i am traveling to new york
hey olly chance the current light settings
I tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30. Where is the rest of my money?
once again explain it to me.
please increase volume in music player
can you check train schedule to berkeley
can you help me hunt for my missing cellphone
it's cool, thank you very much, olly.
What is this extra fee while I was doing a transfer?
open some cools jokes
shit, not right.
can i substitute oregano for basil
you can disconnect from my phone now
change light colour to yellow
John's birthday is March 5th, please note this.
what is 7 x 7
Mastercard is my preferred company.
start my jazz playlist
for my savings account i would like to know the interest rate
read out my list for today
remove john's birthday from the calendar
Hi, I am experiencing problems while trying to top-up with my card. I have never experienced any problems doing this before. Could you please help me?
Start playing Thinking Out Loud now
Today is what day?
show me upcoming events in this area
turn off lights
open the two towers and play
PDA I am going to work today.
I need help right now. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number after making a typo. Please cancel the transfer now since I can't do it from the app.
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
remind me about tomorrow meeting at ten am
Why am I charged an extra fee on my card?
roll a die with 6 sides
give me contact mail id
please find out of charley's steakhouse delivers
I made this payment days ago so why hasn't it gone through yet?
i was not so clear about your words.
How do I add my new card to the app?
What is the reason for the identity check
yep
what year what the Eiffel tower built
do i need to get a plug converter for athens
when is the next train to glasgow from aberdeen
Does the auto top-up have any limits?
when did beyonce and jay z get married
why would a merchant refuse a payment
I think the exchange rate for my for my cash withdrawal is wrong
will you please put remember to drop off at the dry cleaner's to my current to do list
can you reset.
My PIN is not working and I need assistance.
what is the definition of a probiotic
Turn up the lights in here, please.
Are there any hidden limit on the auto top-up?
Can I top off with a debit card?
can i use sharp cheddar instead of muenster
close the light
is there any chances of rain this week
how long does a US transfer take
please can you shut up.
My card has been compromised
could not understand it.
tell me nutritional info for brocoli
add bob to my list of contacts
What volcanoes are currently active?
spread some lights
I must verify the source of my funds
roll 6 sided die
tell me when you were born
Tweet my complaint to @consumer service
How long will it take for the money to reach my account?
I've cancelled the order placed at McD, did it go through?
What currencies can I hold?
I feel like having soup for lunch. Order from Wangs Kitchen restaurant, a chicken manchow soup.
please suggest a meal from italy to me
Will you please help me get my card back?
how old is clint eastwood
schedule an alarm to wake me up after three hours
can you share something funny about traveling
Turn radio to channel 99.5
Place order for usual burritto at Chipolte
Can I get a spare card for someone else to use?
are you an actual human
i need a flight from denver international to new york for under 700 on the 3rd
i want to know my credit card apr
see if you can schedule a meeting with don southerland tomorrow at noon
The contactless payments are not working.
people canceling iowa vacations over congressman's words
will it be rainy tomorrow
what's the process for rolling over my 401k
Please check alarms
regards
What time does the train leave Philadelphia?
is it bumper to bumper
should i take an umbrella today
set a timer at five am seven days a week
If I exchange currency frequently, can I get a discounted rate?
Where does Janet Jackson live?
Call a taxi to pick me up at work.
please tell me my bank balance
how long should i cook chicken for
I cannot get my disposable virtual card to work
sent complaint to tweeter @
remind me after a month
Are there any ATM machines near me?
meeting this friday
tell me how are the results of assembly elections in Delhi going to come out?
remove list of outgoing calls
when should my tires be changed next
i need to add a new email to my contacts
Do you have any accounts for children ?
How long until my order is ready?
add bob to my list of contacts
Why am I unable to withdraw money even though in the past I've done it just fine?
can you set an alarm for me
save <unk>
I have never been charged a fee for cash withdrawal before. When did that change?
How many incorrect attempts cause card to be blocked?
PLEASE TELL ME ABOUT OUR COUNTRY LATITUDE AND LONGITUDE.
check all the new them emails and mark them star
Why was I declined at the ATM today when I was trying to make a withdraw?
I need to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
change device talking speed
What level of education did Richard Nixon have?
i would like you to call me mary
activate silent
find a recipe for homemade bread
Trouble with my top up
please turn my account to frozen
Send an email to Dad about the weather for the week.
will you check and confirm that please.
PDA, What alarms do you have set?
can you notify the bank to put a stop on my account
what is the least i can pay towards my car bill
weather in chicago please
s2, i was unclear about that.
What's the stock price for Tesco?
please delete the contacts that i havent spoken to in three of months
is it possible to make reservations at the new york restaurant
How much do I have to pay for the exchange fee?
Can I get information on topping up?
I think my card is lost.  What do I do?
My card failed to work when I was shopping in a store
Give me the description of laptop circuit
Who's this song by ?
what is going on around me
how long is an oil change good for
how long should i cook pho for
I was charged an extra dollar on my account and would like to know the reason.
What does it mean if my payment has been reverted?
A foreign purchase I made has the incorrect rate applied to it.
Tell me the weather for ny city
set a timer for two hours
s1, would you please once again rephrase to me.
tell me about my health benefits
what do you like doing in your free time
Will the world come to an end? When?
tell me a clean joke
add song to media playlist
There is a debit paymet that I don't recognize.
I'm getting concerned here.  I sent a friend some money and she isn't seeing it.  What's going on?
What is identity check?
turn shuffle on music player on
How do I unblock my PIN?
At what age can I open an account?
it is great one, thank you.
Don't want of next event in clendar so delete it
REMOVE ICECREAM FROM GROCERY
Why didn't my balance change after I transferred some money?
when can i get oil changed
Book me a train ticket to...
speak loudly
what's the exchange rate between the us dollar and the euro
where's a good place to get some grub
whats the update on flight dl123
i would not mind for any one.
the exchange rate on my payment was wrong
put hamburger on my grocery list
remind me about my monday meeting with peter francis fifteen minutes before the meeting
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
Can you find the radio station on Spotify that I was listening to yesterday?
what is the time difference between california and michegan
How long does it take for me to get my pin
Cash I didn't get shows in my app.
get radio
are vaccinations required to travel there
list the items on my shopping list
you've done it right appreciated.
turn on shuffle
Will I be charged any fee for receiving money?
what are todays top podcasts
play favorited podcasts on fishing
can you play my favorite audio book of king kong
please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom
Where's the money that got charged to my card? It's not showing up in my account balance
get city cab here to airport
What is the traffic like now.
let me know who made you
how much has hp stock gone up
what do you get when you multiply sixteen by nine
what was the temperature yesterday
can you clarify me about it further please.
Am I able to cancel a transfer I just made
what is a canadian dollar worth in the us
show me my playlist
please pause my banking actions
Please help me make a transfer. I keep receiving an error and I'm trying to make the initial mortgage payment for a flat I'm buying. What is the deal here?
This stupid system is not letting me prove my identity.
Please send me a disposable virtual card.
are there any grocery stores nearby
Ive been trying to use my card for two weeks now to purchase somethings online but nothing is going through. It keeps returning my payment to my account. There shouldn't be anything wrong with my account, is it the card?
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
Why was there a fee on my cash withdrawal?
Its been several days and my cash withdrawal is still pending. Why?
please increase the light of table lamp
post the message now
please create new list
whats the name of the playing song
What time is it in pacific time
turn off lighting
what are some good sushi restaurants in reno
The fee charged when I changed rubles into British pounds was too much.
Where is my order?
could you speak more softly
again clarify me on your answers please.
that's useful, thank you very much.
What genre of music is in my music folder?
Please Google search my name and see what the results say.
I would like to get a physical card, but I don't know how. Can you help me?
The cash I asked for still hasn't been received
set alarm 6 am
could you tell me about my income
Add <name> to schedule for <date/time> at <location
How do I freeze my card using the app?
plants
What state is David Lynch from?
fantastic job, you have done well, olly.
What is hair made up of?
Lower the volume of the speakers.
Is there a fee when I add money to my international card?
start play johns audiobook
Please list the available train trips to Location A.
start coffee
For some reason I am unable to preform a transfer to a beneficiary.
find me a place to stay in jacksonville near the stadium from january 1st through 3rd
would you order everything on my shopping list
how time is it
close the light
Play radio mirchi for me
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
set to mute
Are top-ups unlimited?
where is my food
call me an uber for right now
What is the dollar equivilant in pesos?
The  money I transferred does not show in the balance.
what should i do to get my car jump started
Do I need to re-apply to order a new card when my old one's about to expire?
What is the significance of verifying the top-up?
Please go to Amtrak.com to purchase tickets
Can i have a second physical card for this account?
Help!  The app has an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
find hotels in baltimore that have positive reviews
write this message to the coworker group
Is there any documentation needed for the identity check?
Does Mary Smith live on Main Street?
set brightness to fifty percent
I want to add money to my international card, so are there any fees charged to do this?
next one please
how is michael schumacher doing?
it looks sunny and clear today is that true
ai, address me as deb when speaking to me
pls send a mail to my friend divya how ru
olly that's not how you pronounce that.
What is the schedule of the next Maggie Rogers concert?
book for me an uber taxi to bardonia
would you please inform me about my credit card's apr
How do I know when my new card is going to arrive?
give me a description of (object)
Is there a reason why a recipient might not see my money transaction
i want you to check what i just said please.
please would you check and confirm it.
contacts
What are the showtimes of Logan
thanks for doing it.
provide assistance on what to do to make a vacation request
is there any carnival taking place in our area
hmm, i think not correct.
I need to move money from another bank to this account.
check meeting rooms available between one and three pm
where is the pharmacy in leavenworth
Switch the station to 89.4
Are there any traffic restrictions due to the President's visit?
remove the may 11 event called baby shower from my calendar
If I were to transfer, what would the cost be?
do not make any noise until morning alarm
I would like a physical card
What conducts heat better, copper bottomed pots or cast iron?
How much time do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it fast. It's been hours, and the money has not gone through.
Which countries are you in?
when do i get my next paycheck
show me share price of amazon
create a link with my phone
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
There was a transaction this morning that I'd like to reverse.
no, you don't get what i just requested.
turn off the lamp socket
I'd like to use my American Express to place money into my account.
how many dollars is in pounds
train ticket please
add eggs to list
customer service from microsoft never called me back
was christmas 1972 on a weekend?
Any events in Delhi today?
way to change car oil
it's good one, appreciated.
Olly I'm looking for a bar, do you know a good one?
no, you gave me not right information.
Can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
Call an UberPool to get me at Long Island Bar.
latest updates
am i talking to an actual person
How can I speed up a transfer?  Mine is pending.
turn the room light off
What do I do if I think someone has used my card without permission? I can see a few transactions I don't recognize.
How long does it take for transfers to process?  I sent funds to a friend, and she says that she has not yet received anything.
Resuming playing my current audio book.
what is the apr on my aaa visa card
I think someone got my card details and used it because there are transactions i don't recognize. What do I do now?
I see a direct debit transaction in my app that I didn't make.
can you speak quieter please
what's the date?
i think it could be both
what does the analysts say about the new immigration policies
whats the definition of indignation
the new name that i want you to call me is this one
can you tell me a fun fact regarding cars
I pulled cash from the ATM earlier. Why is it still pending if I already have the cash?
My phone was stolen! What do I need to do?
I have forgotten my passcode to access my app
ah that is great one.
check to confirm my reservation for february 22 at noon
Someone might have had access to my card.
when should i have my tires replaced if i replaced them on the first of march
Please defined about printing works.
i want an alarm for 6 am
make your speed a bit slower
Can I request a card?
please solve this math
train schedule to..
do i have any meetings on friday's afternoon
I couldn't make a transfer because it was declined
Do you know if my top-up has been cancelled?
I want to deposit funds, what payments are accepted?
I would like to revert a transaction I did this morning
start up league of legends for me
I can't get my card to work.
Where do I obtain my virtual card?
how long is it going to be until my card expires
Don't let me forget to buy a gift for my sister.
Why is the exchange rate so exorbitant? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
please set an alarm for me 9a
when will my car need new oil
can you tell me what 80 divided buy 4 is
I bought pre-season baseball tickets.
Can the card was sen to me be tracked?
what is the highway mpg on this car like
listening song of arijit singh,post it on my fb account.
change the lights into green
i need you to confirm my reservation for outback steakhouse at 6
The app isn't showing my transactions
speak again please.
will you do it again please.
review all alarms
let my bank know that i'm going to norway between march 3 and march 5
can you pause and rewind the audio then resume
Stop audiobook.
Is there a reason that my transfer failed?
off lights
i have a great western bank account i want direct deposits to go to
what is my expiration data for my card
ai, shut up
Looks like my top up failed.
button
i want to listen to the next song on this playlist instead
tell me something funny about politics
Can you show me a list of all my recent commands?
When do I receive my PIN
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
Read email and send to family member.
what time zone are we currently in
put clean stovetop on my list of reminders
I have a card that expires in the coming month, do I have to specifically ask for the updated card?
shall we meet for today's party
What do I do after my card expires?
what is my bill's minimum payment
how's are the roads looking right now
i need to make a quick decision, so roll a dice!
remind me of the date of my last paycheck
will you please clarify again.
can i please get some more checkbooks mailed to me
where was it you were born
Find me the current weather condition.
When can I expect my refund?
I did not receive the right amount of cash I requested
please tell me what alarms are on.
why can't i use my money market account
Where is a ATM that accepts Mastercard?
how are the top 10 stocks at the moment?
Do I have any new emails from Amazon?
Can you tell me how to close my account?
please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
why is there a delay on my checking account
create a new list called grocery store please
did i remember to put milk in the shopping list
Latest updates on Syrian Civil War
Begin email to my husband...
who else do you work for
i need help finding my mobile phone
when's the gas bill due
would you shut off please.
at the point when should i get my oil changed straightaway
There has been a red flag on my top up.
what can i do if my card is lost
Read what lists I have
can you please read the my mom sent this morning at ten am
i'd like a new life insurance plan
track my package now please
How many emails do I have from work today?
I have a disposable virtual card. Is there a limit to how many times I can use it?
oh hell no, that'd be terrible!
it is nine here what time is it in california
i would like to know the traffic condition
do i need to have a socket converter in canada
please ring the wake up alarm at 8 am next saturday
turn off the lights in this room please
please be silent
My top up keeps showing pending?  How long will things be like this?  Days, weeks, months?  I need the money quite urgently for an important coffee purchase, can you please let me know when top up will work?
when is my order ready
Please tell me about disposable cards.
My ID won't be verified!
what are the coordinates of everest
For the disposable cards, what are the restrictions?
what is joe joe's home address
i think that is not the right answer.
whats today
I was taking out funds and was unable to regain my card.
do you have nutrition facts for cheerios
you can call me brandon
does the nearby chinese restaurant do delivery
how do i get to the library by foot
can you play some music by the beatles for me
how much time do i have before my credit card expires
I don't find your services useful anymore, how do I delete my account?
I am not recognized by the app.
command was confirmed.
grocery list add eggs
please tell me what today is
how long do you cook pasta for
hotel california is sung by whom
could not understand your answers.
what is the proper way to convert centimeters into inches
further explain.
Is there anything I need to know before I activate the robot vacuum cleaner?
Hello, I just checked my card transactions and saw that I was charged twice for a restaurant visit I did earlier this week. Is it possible to remove one of them and get my false paid money pack?
My transfer didn't complete. Why can't I access funds?
Volume louder/softer
what's the current amount of vacation owed to me
please let my bank know that i will be in uruguay from january to august
make sure my calendar is clear for june 1
timezone of cuba
show me the recipe for cookies
give me all available lists
can you go to the whisper voice
how long do i have to wait to get a day off
Can I use my bank account to send me more money?
i'dl like to hear any classical except for bach or schubert
what is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
diy oil change
Set a meeting with Phil every Wednesday for 5pm.
whats the next train at westcombe park.
Mute speakers
Send an email to peter that where he is now and if he is at the market text him to bring some wine.
add dentist appointment for friday at five
Why was my request for cash declined?
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
please roll the dice, ai
where can i find my phone
I got a transfer fail message, but no explanation of why-- what happened?
who assassinated lincoln
tell me the date it will be 5 days from now
modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead
What are the steps I should take to recover my swallowed card?
which timezone is las vegas in
what is your age
nope, you didn't understand what i just requested.
place an order for bread
Open spotify and play list 5
what are the steps i need to follow to make chewy rice krispies treats
PDA, tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
is it raining now
would it be safe to go to columbia
let's have a warm glow in the front room
Do you accept US credit cards?
create new list for baby names
Play music of Kate Perry without shuffle.
will you shut up.
what's the time in china right now
when do i take my car in for a tire change
How do I pay by check?
play the last next episode
My card is about to expire, what do I do?
put the song sung by shreya at the top
My disposable virtual card is broken.
tell me who will win the next presidential election
Why isn't my purchase exchange rate correct?
that's the truth
i want to mute the speaker
Why do transfers get declined?
In delhi traffic level is more
Remove the event event on 7 pm from my calender
Where can I find an ATM?
brightness 90 percent
Do I have to go to an actual bank to change my PIN?
give me the routing number for my paragon account
open note pad
Could you please put a freeze on my card?  There are some payments on it that I don't know where they came from.
shut off my living room plug socket
is it okay to listen to elvis' music
Is the ATM broken? I can't get cash from it.
How do I modify my details?
is it possible to have a place booked in salem from the 1st to the 3rd
tell me how to increase credit limit for chase card
when will i be paid again
seems like the response was not correct.
where's a good place to go if i want to see mountains
please send a notification when john replies
I transferred some money and it didint arrive
What is the purpose of requiring my identification?
please set a timer for 40 minutes
how does the dictionary spell antipathy
The rate applied to my purchase in a foreign currency was wrong.
I am trying to make a transfer and am unsuccessful, can you please tell me why?
lights off
i think it's not the correct answer.
I just activated auto top-up, but it is not letting me enable it. Why not?
Turn off bedroom light at 9:30 pm.
start game temple runner
could you explain me about the last sentence again please.
I want to order food
do have any new email
How can I fix my card if the contactless function didn't work this morning?
I want to listen to today's hits
Why didn't my card payment work?
Pause the book
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once, second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Forget this list
Will you charge me if I top up by card?
i would like you to check my last question please.
latest updates
macdonald shops
I like music from when I was a teenager in the 80's.
How do I use the top up app with my apple watch?
How can I activate my card>
where did rama go on his final journey
is there are limit of carry ons for my flight with aer lingus to cork
that is affirmative
will i be charged if i use the card in paris
Do you offer free ATM withdrawals of ones hometown currency while on holiday?
$1 extra has been charged on my statement, why is that?
whats on my shopping list at the moment
What are some updates about the stock market.
Can I exchange money from abroad without additional costs?
The contactless I have won't work.
please define institutional racism
something is wrong with my exchange rate charge
I've got a weird problem: I purchased something a week or maybe it was two weeks ago, and the funds have come back into my account! Can you explain this?
What steps do I need to do to delete my account?
really wouldn't mind.
What's the web address to unblock my pin?
call me an uber to the movie theater
what is the square root of 34?
which time zones does european countries use
remind me at
play random music
what day today
what's happening on bbc news today
turn off the fan
tweet complaint to american eagle customer service
light settings
please, can you set the timer for me
The cash withdrawal exchange rate is not correct.
How do I get a refund for an item I bought?
What is the date for next Tuesday?
what kind of questions are you good at answering
How do I troubleshoot when contactless doesn't work?
go back to the default settings please
tell me the tools i need to jump start my car
It looks like a payment I've made hasn't made it through yet.
I've been waiting for a pending transfer to go through for a while now, and don't see any reason why I've been waiting this long.  I know that I have the correct account details, so that isn't the problem.
can i get a credit increase for my visa
Can I get another card?
Please send the following email to Uncle John: Yes, I will be there.
Do ATM cash withdrawals carry a charge now? They've been free in the past, but all of a sudden I have to pay to make ATM withdrawals?
tell me what you are capable of answering
I've tried numerous times to submit a transfer of funds. Why isn't it going through?
where is an appropriate place where i can schedule to check out my tires
when's mark lanegan's next album out
Which cards do you guys support? I want to top up using my credit card.
what is the next holiday
we'd like an uber for 4 to take us to the olive garden
information of recent events
going to work, will there be traffic
Is this app capable of exchanging currencies?
i want to know my bill's minimum payment
Where can I verify my identity?
i want to report a damaged card
I'd like to play UNO with you
Give me the news from source
What's the maximum amount I can top up my card with please?
Iterate events on the note
i need to see all visa purchases for march
How do I make Tuna Casserole from scratch?
I used my card to top up, but the money is not there!
Is Eddie Murphy still alive?
Why is my card being declined at the ATM? I have tried multiple ATMs and i keep running into the same problem. Could you verify that everything is okay with my account?
it's nice job, thank you.
do you know when my next check is coming
How do I re-add a card to the app?
show me the most recent emails
i want to do a payment on my water bill
what's the exchange between u. s. d. and cad
where did your mom give birth
decrease the speed of your speech please
i want to book a train ticket
Please add johndoe@yahoo.com to my contact list.
can you tell me the routing number for my chase checking
I don't have a password.
please would you cancel.
turn the volume down
can i cancel my reservations please
set up payroll direct deposit to my checking account
Play the next episode of Drunks and Dragons, please.
Can I use my American Express stored in Apple Pay to top up?
My phone was stolen! What do I need to do?
This card payment isn't is recognition.
I deactivated my card but would like to reactivate it.
PDA, how do I set my coffee machine to make coffee?
Did I not get my refund? I don't see it.
any new facebook posts from amy
Find me a train ticket to...
please raise the lights to max
add new email to my contacts macs@gmail dot com
would you please shut down.
events upcoming
Remind me 8'O clock that i have a event
remove the list of person starting from letter m in my contact list
who brought you into existence
My top-up didn't go through
i want the next song played
What's the famous Monty Python joke about the bird?
it's nice, appreciated.
remind me to order more soap
i havent got my card
let me know about election new.
add new email to my contacts macs@gmail dot com
I am not recognized by the app.
that was helpful, musch appreciated.
on the 26th what is on the table for my calendar
i have no idea what the pin is for my checking account
its dark in here mind turning up the light intensity
what is the amount of gas i have
open contacts
play hopsin from my latest playlist
Please help me figure out the reason for the odd withdrawal amount from my account?
what area did you grow up in
i want to hear it again.
would you check my last command.
Why do you keep declining my transfers?it was always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
do people call you by a certain name what is it
stop, that's not the correct answer.
What are the currencies that are accepted to add money?
you have my gratitude
what is on my to do list
Can I use as many top-ups as I want?
Can I use a cheque to top up my account
I decided I no long want something that I ordered, and want a refund. How do I go about doing that?
Do you charge anything for topping up?
My card keeps getting declined when I try to use it.  I would like to top-up, but it is not going though.
could you not talk so slowly
i'd like to speak in portuguese
Is Adele going to go on tour?
you are leading me into wrong.
stop synching to my phone
Tell me random joke.
i want all the things on the shopping list
that's not true
my 401k, can i roll it over
let me swap salt for baking soda
I need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
will you speak it once again.
I would like a joke
Create a notification reminder for meeting tomorrow
Seems like my top-up has been cancelled
what did your friends call you
plan me a holiday trip
play BBC radio four please
you are my hero, i appreciate it.
time to move some cash from one account to another
turn the lights on
blanket definition
elaborate again to me please.
that's fantastic, thank you.
describe your list
check on the delivery of my current order
Do all businesses take this card?
can you scratch the milk off my grocery list
turn lights off in living room
i want you to send ten dollars from bank of america to capital one
How do I unblock my pin after entering it wrong too many times?
jane doe
Hey PDA, sound is low can u tune it up?
I have made a withdraw from an ATM this last holiday, why is there such a high charge from this transaction?
does my td ameritrade checking account take direct deposit
i can barely hear you
can you increase the speaker volume please
add appointment to list
what is the credit limit for my usaa card
forget reservation at oyster bar for tonight
how do i find when my medical bill is due
sure thing
set alarm for 5 am
Too Private
tell me the answer for two plus two
ring the alarm when i get home
Can I still use my account, even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
What documents do I need to get together to verify my identity?
my engine light came on, so i need to get help
Is there anything I need to be aware of?
Is it possible to change from AUD to GBP?
s1, will you explain me more on what you said now.
Is it possible to get a refund?
Set a timer for 5 minutes for cookies
these lights are too bright please lower them
Base on my audiobook collection, get me recommendation related audio-book I should listen, get and play me the resume.
I got cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
let me hear that podcast
Delete my doctor's appointment for February 12th.
Would I be charged any fees if I added money to my account using an international card?
Is the road clear in Florida?
How do I auto top-up?
I want to get some cash from the ATM using my card but I dont want to be charged any fees. Ive taken some money out before with no fees, but recently Ive been getting charged. Why?
is there a meeting with sam today
play song aces high
I notice a transaction a couple of weeks ago in my account, from a seller that I don't recognize. Is there a way we can trace back the information to make sure it was truly something I did?
how would i say thank you if i were russian
what steps can i take to improve my credit score
how much longer until my credit card application is checked
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
can you play music by the rolling stones
it was good chatting
I withdrew cash and was charged
olly i'd like you just stop it.
what is 10 ounces in grams
is there any rap that doesn't involve sex money and drugs
Turn off the lights, please
I seem to have a problem here, I bought something about a 2 weeks ago and just now received the payment back into my account and I've already received the item. Can you tell me what is going on here?
i think you have made a mistake, please rectify this.
why was my card got declined when i am trying to pay for dinner when i am in vietnam
Use in a sentence.
could you please once again elaborate me about your words.
cancel alarm for tomorrow
what lists are in my notebook
Can my teenager have an account?
it was cool, i appreciate it.
what music is playing
Olly please remind me about Valia's wedding two days before
Could you tell me why my cash withdrawal was declined?
You charged me more than once for the same transaction!
save this song to playlist
any good bike shops in oxford
i want to pay my bill, please
Alexa, give me updates on the presidential candidate race.
turn on the smart charger
What is the square root of 148,587
tell chris i will be late through email
For the identity verification, what do you need?
set frequency of the radio
would you stop.
Are there any charges for European bank card for top up?
What is the limit to top up?
use your whispering voice
I need to add my new address now that I've moved.
i would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from subway
light off
What does the title of the Leo DiCaprio movie mean?
I need support options, I want to top my card
who is the better half of obama
sure
please skip this song and play the next one
Create a new folder
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND INR
move 100 dollars from checking to savings
Why was the exchange rate so wrong when I bought something!
Start vacuum bot.
what gas goes in the vehicle
I need a refund. This is not what i wanted.
whats the name of the person who made you
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at seven today
hows the food order going
I need multiple cards per day, and they all have to be disposable.
What's the one night with Paris?
I want to revert a transaction I did this morning
add meeting with carla to my schedule for july 4
who do i work for
Do I need to undertake any particular activity during my stay at the Yellowstone National Park?
i need a high volume
which insurance plan am i enrolled in
will you check and confirm command.
download and save song of dangal movie
i don't really mind.
does this car take regular gas
what pubs are close to me
how bad is the traffic on sunset boulevard
how many reward points do i have available to redeem on my visa
doesn't matter with me.
Show me all the shops that I can find in Milan
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
Pleae play me the Madonna song again
show me the transaction on my car
does france have any current travel alerts
get a cup of coffee ready now
Why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
The rate of exchange for my cash withdrawal is wrong.
yeah great response.
alexa event calendar monas wedding tuesday
Will the weather be less than 10 degree in (Specific City) ?
do not really mind.
Show me news from cnn
i didnt hear what you just said, can you say it again
Post I am happy to Facebook.
send a reply to mike
seems like the response was not correct.
What do I do with my card PIN?
I got drenched in the rain
what are your capabilities
How can I top up with my apple watch?
you are not correct.
i would like to crack jokes
Please sort your top up! My top up has been pending for an hour already. Can you please make it go through as soon as possible. I really need the money.
How do I update my address?
Why was I charged a higher exchange rate when I bought something abroad?
tell me about something some trivia
events in city
I'd like like to know where I can order a virtual card?
please put a block on my citi account immediately
track my package
can i order take out from licari's
Can you track my emotions based on the way I speak?
Earthquake prediction
oh no, incorrect.
I was wondering why my card was declined
What time is (event) starting?
please will you shut off.
its cold outside?
answer is confirmed.
make coffee now
And what about the Card's PIN?
can you verify mike has a reservation at black rock at 6 pm
please repeat the last sentence said.
Make a laundry setting for the volume at 20.
get rid of bananas on the list
I wanna get up at 6 am
what do i need to have with me to activate card
THIS PRODUCT NEVER USE
what timezone do ho chi minh use
My account balance doesn't reflect an update I made by cheque yesterday. Is something wrong or is the system slow?
what is the best way to remove this appointment
i need quiet; use whisper
what was the first car made
what day am i on on vacation and how much do i got left
what is current traffic in ohio
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
How long will it take my card to get here?
How long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long! Can you fix this to go through?
that is enough.
how busy is kaya around 5 pm
look into the status of the credit card application i submitted recently for my new card
start words with friends
I would like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
Are there any discounts in exchanging currencies frequently?
give me tips on improving my credit score
A false direct debit payment is showing in my app
get a me a train ticket to milwaukee from chicago on sunday morning
will you shut up.
Would I be charged for exchanging currencies?
please will you check last thing said.
Need a new card, mine is expiring.
i'd like my paychecks direct deposited in my navyfed checking account
check my last post on instagram
Why hasn't my ID been verified?
How long should a transfer normally take to process completely? I have a friend that needs it right away, but it's already been 2 hours and she hasn't received it.
What if I type in the wrong PIN too many times?
can you please read me the routing number to pnc
tell me what the gas mileage is on my car
Am I able to Top Up with Apply Pay?
i'd like to know the meaning of life
can you tell me what my currnet salary is
tell me some things i can do to secure my credit rating
create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
i could not quite catch up with you.
play Hula Hoop next
Tell me why there is an extra charge when I used an ATM?
turn the fan on
it is very much false
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and Mexico?
how many months in a year
what kind of lists do i have saved
There is a direct debit payment I don't recognize.
recheck last action.
tell me more about that concert
will you check and confirm the details please.
can you add a trip to the post office to my to do list, please
could you please hire me a taxi to go to the opera tonight?
Olly, find a shop that sells beer
Seems like my top-up has failed
Do I have a choice for a Mastercard?
your salary
cancel the alarm at four am ten pm
My app says I made a withdrawal, but I didn't.
do you think i have enough money in my chase account for a new pair of sneakers
Are there any new emails in outlook?
How long do I have to wait for Europe transfers?
How can I exchange USD and GBP in the app?
can you confirm instruction.
I need my card now!
i think we should reserve dad's regular table friday for 6 people, use his name, make that close to 4:00 pm at the club
Get me match highlights
set event in calandar.  repeat event every day
make sure to add to my calendar the staff meeting for march 1 at 10 am
Where can I link a new card?
Why am I having trouble verifying my id?
Did Rosa ever reply to my email about the Global Warning Meeting?
do you have anything funny to tell me
PDA, What is my schedule for June 14th 2017?
how can i get more checks for my commerce bank checking account
how long it takes to get a new replacement card
Using international ATMs messes up the exchange rate.
What reasons would a topup fail?
yeap correct response.
Did Linda Connors reply to any of my emails this morning?
does peking garden do orders online
vacuum on
s2, i was not so clear about your answer.
you must tell me your name
hows the food order going
what's the weather in toronto today
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
what is the square root of thirty four
on the 26th what is on the table for my calendar
define antagonist for me please
How can I find the top-up verification code?
Can you tell me how many currencies I can hold?
Show me a spaghetti recipe
what is the date tomorrow
Do I have to go into the bank to change my PIN?
are you a human being or a robot
my car needs maintenance but i don't know if i can schedule an appointment for that
Help!  I can't find my card.
play the song for me
would you shut up.
Can I purchase with cash or cheque?
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
i have a false charge on my account from mcdonald's
eight hundred and eighty nine fm please
yes exact response.
What is this charge on my account for a cash withdrawl?
what is good riddance mean
are there any accidents on harvard
Problems with my top up
is laundry on my todo list
what's my total point number on my mastercard
Where do I find my PIN for my new card?
i wanna try and confirm that i have a reservation at red robin for josh
please post this picture on facebook
My payment came back for something i'm trying to buy online? it's been doing it for two weeks.  do you know what the issue is?
it is useful, thank you.
who developed your actions
I would like to listen to music on the radio.
is there a certain type of gas i need to use for this car
Why is my refund missing in my statement?
give me some ways to build my credit score
i need you to say that last information again but much louder
order a pizza for me
Any new e-mails from work?
Am I gonna hit traffic?
Why was a payment cancelled on my account?
My balance doesn't include my latest transfer
What is the temperature today
hmm, i think you did that all wrong.
what is the stock information of walmart
PDA send email to comcast that their service sucks.
Robots working at jobs
I was trying to top-up and my credit card was declined. Can you tell me why?
the word is happiness; how many a's can you find in that word
help me find things to do in nashville
what is the bbc's latest news
olly just stop.
i need a vegi lasagna recipe
What do I need to see my source of money?
can you add up how much time i've taken off so far
What is the net worth of thew celebrity.
current forex rates
Why hasn't the transaction I did arrive yet?
Uae time
Please update my status on platform X
i lost my phone
thanks for doing that.
I used the wrong account number!
that does not matter for me, olly.
please can you check the last thing i said.
i think you didn't understand me.
yeap fantastic response.
verify my reservation for smith and wollensky at 6:45
give me the pressure for the tires on my car
give me some restaurant suggestions
thanks but that is wrong.
Post New Status on Facebook - time to celebrate
hmm, i think incorrect answer.
what is the age limit for opening a new account
How do I know which ATMs will accept this card?
Play Lady GaGa
Please cancel the latest ATM charge on my card as my card was declined earlier today and I did not receive that cash.
can you change how fast you're talking to speak more slowly
I have my card now how do I activate it?
show me how to top up with my card
For the first time I got a fee on my account. How do I know when you charge these fees?
what's the process for getting a disposable virtual card?
skip
Where do I find my card PIN?
How much is 136 plus 387?
please raise the light i am not comfortable at this
could you please check and confirm instruction.
Remind me to go to the library on Friday.
have i made loss in which stocks
Olly, are there are new email from Mary?
I requested a refund from a store but it hasn't arrived.
will you say what you have just said once more please.
what conducts heat better copper bottomed pots or cast iron
It didnt work when I tried to pay contactless at the bus today. Why?
check and confirm my last question please.
i want to talk english
Someone else used my card to withdraw cash from an ATM
check if my vacation time has been approved
from wangs kitchen restaurant home delivery for a chicken manchow soup
Do I need to convert my currency from GBP before transferring?
The exchange rate is incorrect for my cash withdrawal transaction.
Add milk to my grocery list.
I have cash deposit to my account but it is experiencing a problem
I notice there's a pending payment on my card.
get me italian cuisine dinner suggestions
can i get a hotel room that can accommodate 50 people in bangor from january 01, 2021 to january 30, 2021
is there a contact named Allen in my list
I was overcharged a pound.
how long can i go before i need to change my tires
How can I set up Google Pay on my device?
i dont recognise some of these transactions, i think someone has my card details
do i need any tools to change the oil in my car
Olly, new email from brenda?
Hi! I'm a university student studying abroad and I noticed that when I was trying to cross-reference my budget for this month that there were extra fees I was not expecting. Why is that? I've had this account for years and I haven't had any trouble so far, it might not even be on your all's end since I'm still new to international travel and finance, but I wanted to double check in case a mistake was made!
PDA, how do I set the timer on my coffee machine?
I withdrew money but the full amount wasn't dispensed.
Please double check my card - withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning on the way to work it suddenly got declined!
How do I find out why my card won't work?
At what ATMS am I able to use the card?
please speak that one more again.
play the next episode of the BBC tech podcast
i think incorrect.
Turn on Spotify shuffle.
where can i check my credit rating
Why is my transfer appearing as "pending"?
notify me in 15 before meeting starts
what's my to do list for today
What countries do your services support?
Is my appointment to the dentist still on for tomorrow morning?
can you please download my podcast file available in internet and play it once
Hi, I sent my landlord my rent money a few days ago and while everything seems good on my end he says that he never got the money. I double checked the account number and it's correct. Can you help me figure this out?
What are the steps for the identity checks?
What payment methods are used to top up?
Could you skip ahead to the next episode?
sorry, that is not true
give me the reminders
How can I exchange currencies in the app?
you are awesome, thanks.
Is there a fee for currency exchange?
Acquire latest news
please start the vacuum cleaner
There is a strange card payment I don't recognise.
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
can you tell me the timezone in san francisco
General Health tips
get today's weather report
i am wanting to know how many carry ons i can take on a flight with southwest airlines to houston
Why was i charged for making a withdrawal? After i went grocery shopping i withdrew some money from my account and now there is another charge.
What's the latest news?
place an order for my whole shopping list
what is one thing i might not know about nike shoes
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
friday forecast
you are smart, olly.
how do i update my pin number for my account, please
Open email and send it to
tell me when my meeting is scheduled with roger
which vaccines are meant for cuba
I love the eternal voice of the singer, she is my favourite
i want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
What methods can I use to top up my account?
start brewing please
say it one more time
show exchange rate of USD and INR
i have a function at washington tomorrow, remind it
can you not talk so fast
remove birthday party
can you roll a dice with 6 sides
what i can do with laptop
whats the date today
could you please confirm if leonardo is married
nice talking again, bye
search for any upcoming book fairs during next week in washington dc
How much longer is it going to take to get my new card?
What are some reasons that would cause ATM machines to decline my card? It has happened to me multiple times!
can you tell me what benefits i receive with my insurance
will you please check and confirm detail.
tell me the status of my credit card application
how high is my spending limit on my wells fargo card
Can I exchange currencies usign this app?
What shops are round here?
Open Audiobook
dictate new email
can you translate that to french
enable wemo
My card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks. Is it lost?
Why have I not received a virtual card yet?
How is the exchange rate doing?
About two days ago now, I made a transfer from France but it hasn't arrived yet. Is it possible that the international transfer just takes longer?
please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
do you have music by elvis
Where can I buy sports equipment near me?
what do i do to get cach back for points on my discover card
no way!
when is madonna's birthday
how long do i need to cook a brisket for it to be medium
can you check to see how busy that restaurant is for dinner
are you human or a bot
Could you please help me?  I made my rent payment and have double checked that I sent it to the right account.  The person receiving it says he has not received it but it shows complete on my side.
I cup of Joe would be nice right now, Olly
tell me time of alarm you set
what do you enjoy doing in your leisure time
please purchase a amtrak ticket from las vegas nevada to lakeland florida leaving on the first of april
could you schedule car maintenance for me
Please remove task list
I paid with my card and ended up being charged a fee.
How can I replace an expired card?
i seemed to misplaced my phone
that fee should not be there, you charged my cash for an unnecessary thing.
Something went wrong, I was charged an extra pound?
would you please check and confirm it.
I made a transfer to my friend earlier and she hasn't received it yet.  What's the hold up?
what are the current lists i have
what is an ataraxy
I want information about the source of funds.
please can you confirm the command.
pull up list
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple of days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet.
what can i buy with credit card points
say something hilarious
I transferred money to a receiver within the EU and they received a lesser amount than expected.  Now I will have to send additional money to the receiver in order to make up the difference.  I'm not sure what went wrong, can you please advise?
How late am i?
My card is showing the same transaction over and over again.
Schedule meeting with Laura
set default language to english
remove the alarm set for ten pm
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
please change the ai name for me
please post to jeff
Please check my playlist
add apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contact list
Is it possible to get both a Visa and a Mastercard?
i didn't say it.
Can I use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
I need to make a purchase online, where is my virtual card?
Mute for 2 hours.
Notification regarding the new iphone release update
Is it possible to top-up automatically?
any one is good, olly.
are you able to tack my package
what is the process for setting up a pin
How long does it take to get my money
I was out today looking forward to pay with my new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
Why did I only get $20 when I asked for $100?
i don't know the reason my account is blocked
order a pizza from pizza express
how can i increase the credit limit on my discover card
What ATMs accept my card?
will arby's offer takeaway
How do I open up an account for my child?
What is the exchange rate between the British pound and the US doillar?
cancel alarm for tenth of march two thousand seventeen
what is my eta to the office if i leave in thirty minutes
Can I add money to my card automatically during a trip?
Start the 'vacuum cleaner'.
where did i place my phone
let's try the last word spoken one more again please.
assist me in getting a new credit card
i need to talk to someone about a fraudulent activity on my card
Can I exchange USD and GBP from the app?
what do you do with my personal data
can i hurt my credit score
Hello, I believe there has been a mistake made on the exchange rate for my card. Could you please check the official interbank exchange rate for me?
i wish to know my debit card's rewards balance
My transfer failed to a beneficiary
i would like to apply for a discover card
Can I change my PIN if I want to?
traffic alert
i'd like to know what the date is
how long before my new card is mailed to me
what is the cost of water and electric this month
I only own one other credit card from the USA. Will it be accepted?
i need a refund right away but the funds aren't available in my account
How do I get my disposable virtual card to work?
I see a direct debit transaction that I didn't make.
post this to my facebook, 'lol'
it is of no importance for me.
I do not recognise the card payment.
did i had my wife and mine anniversary to my calendar
I happened to forget my password
Is there a charge for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free.
olly would you please shut up.
When shipped to the US how long is delivery time?
are there certain types of questions i can ask you
answer this mathematical question.
switch off the light
What is the answer to 2 times 3?
How can I tell where my funds came from?
I need to know this, where do my funds come from?
help me find the top-up card's verification code?
what weight oil do i need and how do i change the oil for my chevy truck
i am unable to say
remind me tomorrow at 10am about the meeting
My transfer into my account isn't showing up.
I made a payment with my card and it hasn't changed. How long do you think this will take?
turn speaker volume down
A transfer has to be cancelled.
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
beg your pardon.
I want to change the color of the lights
will they take reservations at chillis
what time does the train to iowa leave
My top up was rejected. Why?
tell me the time
What's the weather supposed to be like on Wednesday?
this event needs to be deleted
olly, cancel all events in the next two days
are there any travel alerts for seattle
turn on whisper mode
i was wondering about the vacation time you said you'll approve
Is it 10:00?
I can't see, turn up the lights.
lights dim
please search for this word
I made a transfer a few hours ago from a UK banking account.  I do not yet see the transfer.  Please check on this for me.
Olly, play me in a game of tic-tac-toe.
what's the location where i am
show me the dim colour
meeting update my calendar to reflect meeting
what is mom's email address
can you reset.
Please change the volume to mute
how much is $30 usd in canadian dollar
tell me how to transfer my 401k
how good are the ratings for the olive garden
i need to cancel my reservation after all
olly that is enough, just cancel.
Book a train ticket to Canada this evening
How can I update my details since I moved?
go ahead and cancel my reservation for 5 at red robin
how much are my electric and heating bills
Where do i go to receive a virtual card
start over the book legacy
I made a transaction this morning and would like to revert it.
what's the name of the piece you are playing
hurriedly activates my robot vacuum cleaner
its too bright in here
A refund for a recent return has not arrived on my card.
please search for necessary ingredients included in meatballs
Can you tell me the limit for top ups?
is summer going on
turn to volume 4
how can i acquire new insurance
anything new on insta
Why check my identity?
play jingle bells
start a timer for me
are there rooms available between 5 and 530
who is the president of america
can you schedule a meeting with Mr. Chen on next Monday 6:00pm?
remind me of which insurance plan i'm currently enrolled in
please play the local latin music channel on the radio
I don't understand why I'm being charged for using my card.
I had a payment that I made and it's been some amount of time and would like to know when it's suppose to go though.
What time is it now in the Eastern timezone?
switch off main light
would like to know the alarm you sent
My contactless stopped working today for no good reason. It's not working no matter where I try to use it. Can you please help me fix it?
that makes sense as well
How much does it cost to get more cards?
create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
What do I do to lock my phone after losing it so my account isn't accessed
When can I use money sent to my account?
remove a list of employees
what's the time in dubai
Please shut off the kitchen lights.
I lost my phone.  What do I do to block someone else from using my account?
yeap you've gotten that correcly.
Why don't I have my transfer?
Where do I go to change my PIN?
can you reserve a meeting space for 4:00 on thursday
add apahelp@yahoo dot com to my contacts
Is it going to be windy on Saturday in denver
switch on robot vacuum cleaner
play me a game of tic tac toe
i want to play poker with you
I need the definition of president.
please will you confirm the last thing said.
Can you play the instrumentals of
What are the things I need for my journey?
what you just said is false
will you please do the male british accent
convert ten miles to kilometers
is milk an ok substitute for cream
Send my card as soon as you are able to.
My card is not working.
olly that is enough, just stop it.
how about the latest news
i would like to change the name on my first bankcard account
should i bring a converter to barcelona
Quick reply to jack so please send a mail
When is the next train to Glasgow from Aberdeen?
ignore the previous command
am i okay to take those vacation days
Find Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
i appreciate it, that was great.
What do I do to Top up my card?
switch voice option to female
Describe Heaven
Where was the last Aerosmith concert?
What is the best cuisine in the country?
confirm the details please.
what are the prices to get to chicago on a train book the cheapest one
price of physical card
where would i find my luggage
How do i set up my credit card to send transfers?
add song to running list
is the wait at pizza hut long
do i have any off days this week
whisper mode, please
I don't live in the UK.  Can I still get a card?
Can I link another card to my account?
I don't like this light. Please show me other options
Journal entry for today (user begins telling about day here)
Switch off the plug socket
Do you expect sun on Sunday?
I only received $20, but I requested $100.
play some rock
How can I configure what currency my salary is in if it's in GBP?
excellent work, you have done well.
Is Susan's birthday on March 1?
change your colors to green
what do i currently have on my shopping list
what do you think i should have for breakfast
roll a pair of eight sided dice
Is Yellowstone park the largest park?
what is the meaning of the word sanctimonious
I need to add a serious amount of cash to my card, how do I do that?
Why did you charge me extra for withdrawing money?
My friend still hasn't gotten a transaction I made.
Refresh the list with new one.
please can i know what time will it be at six pm here in australia
Hey olly play the latest somgs from playlist
please stop talking
when did i last have a mechanic check out my car
what's my credit card's annual percentage rate
i want to see all transactions in the past month for all accounts
What is the source of funds for my money?
Payments from my disposable virtual card don't work
yeah perfect response to the command.
give me the best pizza deals offered today
i need some coffee please
how long is the wait at imanas
My address needs to be revised.
I need the right foreign money, at the right rate, at ATMs, when I go abroad.
when do i need to pay my at&t bill
Can you tell me exactly what fees I will expect to see in regards to your cards?
I would like to transfer money into my account.
I would like to get help from someone in your customer service department with assisting me with activating my card.
Get me a radio station that plays classical music.
i need to know what's on my shopping list
how old is cher
what's my yearly salary
play music i have liked
let me hear some bluegrass music
could i perhaps increase by credit limit by 500 dollars
I need to keep two toddlers busy - tell me what to do
make a transfer of $200 from my savings account to my checking account
i like you just cancel.
Turn up the brightness of the lights.
how long will it take to get to phoenix
How do i receive a physical card?
what do people in sioux falls do for fun
You provide support in what countries?
I am waiting for a pending money transfer to process.
What are the charges for topping up US card?
please start vacuum cleaner
are there any events schedule for this week
Explain the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
What are the latest tweets from the new york times
Add pick up kids from school to my to do list for today
calculate car mpg
Olly what movie theatres are in Stephenville?
My beneficiary has been denied, is this normal?
what's is the current weather forecast
play the latest song adele
play foke
what time i sit in china right now
has anyone commented on my status
i want to know if the new york restaurant takes reservations
I got a strange fee when I used the ATM.
Is there a tracking number for the card?
I think youre system may be broken because I have tried transfer money 5x and it isnt working!  I'm not doing anything complicated it is what I usually do.
what is planned for today in my local area
I was charged multiple times for one transaction.
when is the next office meeting
reset the alarm
help me to understand the meaning of this life
can you see how many calories are in cream of mushroom soup
please retweet this post on twitter
Get me train times to location from station
change the light colors
DO you know the reason for the identity check?
local shops
how do the cards work?
what hour is it in london
Play the most popular song by given artist.
Where on the website do I go to link my card?
if it is raining i will not go for job
what is your birthday again
Where is miami
i need a coffee
olly i need the living room vacuumed can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
have my iroomba clean the house
Load Spotify
Give me a list of lists.
Will it rain on August 15th?
Help! I just realised someone has apparently withdrawn money using my card! It's from some odd remote town where I definitely haven't been. Please freeze it immediately!
is my order here
wake me up on Friday at five in the morning i need to catch the train
can i get an uber to union station for 3 riders
can you tell me why my transfer failed?
Olly, what should I watch today?
What currencies can I not hold many in, if so what are they?
get me the latest news of world
stay quiet
How do I top-up using cash?
your words was not so clear.
My cheque is slow to cash
I forgot my passcode. Now what?
find me a nice restaurant for dinner
I got some cash in the ATM but its still pending
change my amex account pin to 1234
can i make back home without a traffic jam
email my boss that i will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting
my credit card snapped in half while i was fiddling with it
Is today my brothers birthday?
I still don't have my card after 2 weeks.  What should I do?
PDA, how old was Madonna when her first hit came out?
please turn the lights down
Where was Steve Jobs born?
turn off light in bedroom
sorry but that was not the correct response.
I need info on activating my card?
tell me what is on the schedule for july seventh
how do i make mashed potatoes
check if there any new email
repeat that.
What currencies can I use?
please make sure the temperature is set to 68
when will the day off be
I need you to be quiet until tomorrow.
what is the year that were you born
i'm too drunk to drive and need an uber home
please send the email to abc@gmail dot com instead of xyz@gmail dot com
i lost my credit card recently  how long does take to get a new one in the mail
olly will you stop it.
will you please clarify again to me.
What should I do if my card is stolen?
what kind of traffic can i expect at 9:00 on the route to detroit
Now it's 5.30 pm in India. What about the time in Ivory Coast?
can you please tell me what i have on my list
What is the youngest age for an account?
please delete this file
How can I go about transferring money to my account?
Find me a description of morel mushrooms.
stop repeating this song
I went to the Notting Hill ATM to use my card the first time for a cash withdrawal but it didn't work. Does this mean that my card isn't working yet?
I have been charged twice
I ordered online weeks ago and I never received my package in the mail and I don't want to wait any more. So if I could get my money back now that would be great.
I'm running out of money, can I  auto top up?
How old do I have to be?
What options do I have for holding currencies?
Have stocks gone up or down today for Walmart
Add a new email contact to my list.
What did I get emailed about this week?
can you tell me on tuesday to give jane a call
I contacted a seller about a refund last week but he still hasn't returned my money. I am frustrated and need these funds. Please help me get my money back.
whare the ingredients for the stir fry
can you give me a american dinner suggestion
I would like to hear bohemian raphsody
Turn off the light of my bed room please
I believe that my transfer hasn't gone through.
what year what the eiffel tower built
Paper, scissors or stone?
evaluate today's schedule
inform me what you do for fun in your free time
What's the cost for exchanges?
find events in local area
I would like my PDA to be able to discuss topics to me that i am studying in class
Olly, what's playing at Brea Plaza five?
Can I use top-up with Apple pay?
i need to make a reservation for 8 pm at red robin for 3
is there any traffic
catcha a ride
I need my PIN
did you get my last command correctly?
Traffic
I know I didn't make this payment showing up on my card, I don't remember this person at all.
Olly, what is going on in South Tampa today?
any one would be okay with me, olly.
Why is there a direct debit I didn't make showing in the app?
I got a extra €1 fee in my statement
I have some ____. How do I prepare this?
What is the (currency) worth?
Is it possible to get a card outside the UK?
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
Any mail marked as Important ?
shut up
doesn't really matter for me.
Give me the definition of carion.
resume the playback of zanes se chronicles
Order a takeaway
Rm -rf calendar
Cortana, what is the time in London right now?
give me charles telephone number
minimize the lights
locations to withdraw money
I didn't get all the cash I requested for at the ATM
Who is currently singing?
It appears my top-up has not gone through.
Siri, open Twitter, tweet @scapingyards you missed the entire side of the left patio when you pressure washed
What is the procedure for topping up with a cheque?
hi buddy send mail to my friend hellen regarding home builders are not accepted the offer
yes, I Like to save opinion on song playing and which player suppoert that song.
When I got cash, my exchange rate was wrong.
flag two day after this day as my holiday
strongly agree.
Did i set an alarm to have tablets in the noon?
The ATM won't give me my card back.
I made a cash deposit to my account but i don't see it
date today
that is enough, cancel.
set alarm at six thirty am
i need an uber for 5 to go to the concerthall
what steps do i do to get a real card
I am trying to exchange crypto and it's not working. Tell me how to fix this.
joke please
set alarm for twelve weeks from today at eight am
add this person's email
Can you book me a train ticket to Boston for next Tuesday?
peace
can you text christopher and tell them im on my way
has any mail received with an attachment
What's your refund policy if I bought an item from you?
What is the time in Austrailia right now?
are there good clam places in cleveland
Please feed that I have meeting at 5 PM.
Help me!  I don't know what my password is.
Is there anything on my list today?
can you tell me how to set up a direct deposit
if it is six am here what time is it in tokyo
Set reminder on calendar for
what can i ask the ai
Tell me what ATMs use this card.
when is the next train leaving for austin
do you know about this lyrics
lets play battleship
Do you think today will be nice out?
please turn off the smart socket
this is the best band ever
play me some tunes
hello how's it going
play the jungle book
send email to newmail@gmail dot com
Help me access the card I already got so I can information from it.
show me the highest weather this week
My cash withdrawal isnt showing on my account
Put a record on
i want you confirm the detail please.
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for March 25
I thought transfers were free of charge.  I bought something abroad and got charged a ridiculous fee. How do I get this problem fixed.
send email to daddy i'll be going to the birthday party
Notify me when the event is going to take place
I want to use auto top-up. Is there a limit?
Tell me what subterranean means.
Help me activate my new card.
How come my card doesn't work anymore?
you work for whom
could you please gather a list of local restaurants and email them to my husband
I want to start using my card.
It's time for junk food!
i wanna know how many pounds are in 10 kilos
where do i find the routing number for chase
can you tell me the number of ounces in a quart
Power off.
how is the car's tire pressure
change light colour to blue
Please play the newest podcast
when is the arrival of the train at_____
I tried to top up, but the funds show up as pending. I thought it was instant?
i like you check question please.
i need to know what 25 times 38 is
My card stopped working when I use it
say some jokes
I would like an account for my children, how do I go about doing this?
please elaborate more on what you've said.
REPLAY THE REQURIED OF THE MUSICS
i think you've done task all wrong.
I WANT TO LISTEN ARIJIT SINGH SONG ONCE AGAIN.
How do i go about linking a new card?
What's the news from CNN?
check the details.
My cash in the ATM is still pending
is this person sent any email
add to my list of things to do: wash the dog
can i get the directions to the nearest bar
How can I get the cash deposit to show up on my account?
How do I get the passcode reset?
how do i set up instant paycheck
How long does it take to make an urgent transfer from China?
how do i get a card if i am in the usa
find out the the train arrival time and book me
What flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
Why doesn't my balance reflect my transfer
Why didn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
can you create a new list in the playlist
how much am i getting paid today
what is the exchange of euro to dollars
get a table for me at 7 for 3 people at olive garden
are there any good places in cleveland that serve clams
send mom the following email
What do I have planned for Friday?
What is the weather like in Grand Rapids, MI?
show todays events in ny
who has written to me or mentioned me in social media
How much longer until my pizza will be here?
tell me the weather in Barcelona in two days from now
call a cab
call me jake
open chess play against me
you are helpful,.
did Mike send me an email
confirm my reservation for joe at hoss's
places to order takeaway food
latest reminder about meeting
How much does it cost to make transfers?
tell me joke
what's my salary for this year
What does the word labyrinth mean?
I already have a card and want to link it
I need to hold money, what currencies can I use?
How can I top-up my limit?
Did you get all that you needed today?
top up with credit card
turn off on wemo outlet
How can I prove who I am?
can you tell me the status of my credit card application
Give me some recipes for_______
Give me some lavender-toned light
what kind of fuel goes in my engine
is there an insurance plan for my health
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
can i have your name please
tell me my list names
I want to drink cofee
book me a train ticket to atlanta please
Will it be possible to change from USD to GBP with this App?
what is the timezone for new york
Why does the app revert a payment?
can you tell me where my item is
are you a real human being
check to see if picking up glenn from the airport is on my list of reminders
i want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
who can look at my car, the engine light is on
s1, could you please again rephrase me about what you said now.
Mute for 20 minutes.
I recently bought something in foreign currency and I am unsure of the exchange rate. Is this rate applied correctly?
i want your accent changed to the male british one
can you play me that, "baby shark, doo doo," song
call a taxi for me
What movies are being shown at the Regal Cinema?
Can you tell me why my pop-up is still pending?
I got cash and the exchange rate should have been different than it ended up being.
How can I make my card show up in the app?
what's on the calendar for march 4th
could you just cancel.
Remind me of the following event:
Why am I still waiting for my refund
How can I get a second card for my daughter?
look up movies near me
any farm markets around with local products
A transfer is pending.
tell me the time in california
please explain the rice recipe
text john with the message 'where are you
how do i get my credit score
what film should i watch
How do I freeze my card? I think someone is using it to make a bunch of online transactions.
Please on the music
find square root of 453
I've notice I was charged for withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
Cortana, show me the name of the song playing right now.
confirm
am i free between six to seven pm
what kind of gasoline can this car take
set a reminder i need to wake up at five am every morning
can you submit a pto request for me from dates nov 2 to 10, please
what's my income from work
tell me how good ihop's ratings are
i have no idea.
send an email to juanpedro@gmail dot com
Why was a charged just for transferring?
I want to hear some music.  Turn on the radio.
Please help.  There is a payment in the app that isn't mine.
how do i find when my cable bill is due
my card got melted and i need to report it, please
how long have you been functional
would you tell me what i said one more time again.
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
can you specify if you are a human or a computer
What is the wait time for a transfer from the US?
say some jokes
What day of the week does July 4th fall on this year?
I tried activating my card and it didn't work
Who is Arnold Schwarzenegger
when is the train coming
Why was my cash withdrawal cancelled at the ATM?
What's happening in town tonight?
I need to cancel my RSVP for dinner this evening. Can you remove it on my calendar as well?
Cancel Transaction
whats the weather like
does the state department say anything about traveling to haiti
increase the light
when will we have another day off
How do I link the new card that I just got from you guys?
i wanna know the balance of my bank of american account
how can i find my interest rate for my alliance account
Mastercard is preferred to me.
i'd like you cancel it.
What's the definition of a buffet table
what's my spending limit on my discover
tell me who wrote this song
do you know you are not human
mayonaise has been in my fridge for three years, is it still good to eat
I saw money was taken out of my account by a seller a while back. I do not recognize the seller, but I'm pretty certain I didn't make that payment. Can you track who the seller is?
give me the current time
order a train ticket to los angeles now
Is there a way my new card can be renewed?
dim the lights in the bathroom
I have been waiting for my transfer, shouldn't it be here already?
how old is brad pitt
If my card becomes expired what can I do?
Can I get an update on my replacement card?
will a loan lower my credit score
Give me the status on my available memory.
how long is the validity of my credit card
what is the interest rate at chase
i no longer need the daily five pm alarm
there is a fraudulent charge for paypal on my bank account
remove twenty fourth march meeting from schedule
What date is the third Friday of this month?
rescind
tell me how I can order my card.
What time is 12PM Eastern Time in Pacific Time?
Open Emails
convert ten inches to centimeters
i want the events on my calendar for march 20th, 2019 to be cleared
I don't think the exchange rate was right.
what is the stock price of sensex right now
what is the carry-on policy for flights on panam
How old do you need to be to open an account?
Open Davinci Code audiobook
How long does it take for my id to verify?
tell my bank i'll be in jamaica from the 4th to the 11th
When will the match start
really don't mind, olly.
what alarms do I have PDA?
I already got my item but just got my money back
I can't get the top-up to work! What's going on here.
A cheque deposit hasn't posted to my account, when will my balance update?
please add dan's email to my contacts
how do i locate my routing number for tax reasons
Do I have a card PIN?
Please tell me the limit to topping-up.
would you explain further on it to me please.
how much have i spent lately on food
I don't know why my payment didn't work.
tell me how to apply for a credit card
Can I get a disposable card?  How many can I have?  How often can I use them?
good work, you have done well, olly.
compaint to dept. for food quality
how long do the brownies have to cook
What will happen if I want to add money using an international card? Will I run into any fees?
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
can i make a reservation for redrobin
do i have a party tomorrow save on my calendar
Is this open to residents of all countries?
shut up.
I have zero dollars in my account. Can I submit additional funds via bank transfer?
what timezone is phoenix in
pay the electric bill
make list
A transaction posted twice to my account.
this is unimportant with me, olly.
would you please check and confirm detail.
Is there traffic?
i need you to please repeat that
s1, will you please explain me more on last sentence.
lost phone, dont want others to access account
what date is the fourth monday of march this year?
play previous episode
can i make a transfer between my accounts
How old must I be to open an account?
where is the statue of liberty located
I see a cash withdrawal in the app that I did not do.
I wanted to top up my account and it doesn't look like it worked
i need to make a reminder please
how is my tire pressure
please rephrase more on the last sentence to me.
the command is not correct.
Tweet consumer service that the quantity is wrong.
what time is it in new york city
text a message to alice
At what places accept my card?
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
Do you have feelings?
hello
i would like to know the minimum payment for my credit card
what do i owe for my utilities bill
Why is my top-up showing as cancelled?
does not matter for me.
you have got it right.
are there any alerts for travelling to beirut
i am changing over to italian now
I don't recognize a debit payment that was made and would like to find out about the payment.
The exchange rate you are using is bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
I'm in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
how good are the ratings for pizza hut
Open FIFA 17
Reply to this please
tell me the credit on my mastercard
shut off please.
Start playing American Gods where I last stopped.
Someone stole my phone, what is my next step?
PDA turn wemo plug socket off
I forgot the code to access the app.
what is the status of my vacation request
send me the last list uploaded
Is anything different today about blank
thank you so much for the response.
add this song to favorites playlist
I need to get my card quickly
I recently reported my card as missing/lost, and I just found it. Can I still use it?
where is the nearest atm machine
What is the definition of pwd
what did i spend on beer last month
What do I do?  The ATM took my card!
is it snowing outside?
i need a flight from nyc to paris with delta
send email to bill asking to reschedule
Was my meeting today rescheduled?
What is the charge for sending out more cards?
My card was declined today when eating and I need to know what's wrong.
what is new
From Wangs Kitchen restaurant, home delivery for a chicken manchow soup.
i'm hungry show me some takeaway food
What are these disposable virtual cards all about?
I thought I lost my card so I cancelled it, but recently I found it in my jacket and I would like to re-establish the card.
What's wrong with my ID? I can't verify it.
can you repeat that question
Will the tempature be in the 80's today
I'm seeing a direct debit payment that is not me.
I was charged an extra dollar on my account and would like to know the reason.
help me get an american express card
how many calories are in waffles
am i scheduled for any meetings between noon and one
can you tell me the price of google stock
shut the smart socket down
what's around tonight
I would like a physical card
what is the population of florida
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
Olly, what else do I have on the list?
i will be telling my bank of my upcoming trip to spain
what is 55 times 300
Help me figure out how to link the new card.
How much traffic is there right now in Bowery street?
do i need a visa to travel to jamaica
i must know what is currently on my calendar for friday the 1st
i want to know the weather forecast for today
send a mail to alex asking about the due payment
Do you accept SWIFT transfers?
How do I find out where my funds came from?
much appreciated.
i wish to know why my card was declined
convert g. m. t. to ist
what is the value of the yen right now
please remove sporty event from list
lets play pinball
Did you revert my top up?
once again clarify me about your answers please.
Please put the following event in my calendar on this date, and then place it in the calendar every week thereafter.
can you skip this song
How long will it take to finish cooking my meal?
Status of my restaurant order
what events are in me area
play the next recording
my insurance gives me what benefits
Weird Direct Debit payment
How do I know which payments I make will have additional fees? Where can I find this information online?
please give me directions to a park near me
that is useful, thank you.
what is the extent of the pto i've taken
I did a transfer earlier but see that it failed to go through.
Is there a limit for top-ups?
what is the total number of oceans in the world
olly please could you just cancel.
I tried to get cash but it was declined!
give me some health tips
Why is the cash withdraw I made shown as pending?
What's the weather this week?
it must be mistake.
Remove the excel file from the list
how cold is it outside
please make a reservation for 2 at olive garden for 5 pm today
Transform into a woman.
book delta ticket madison to atlanta
do i have a meeting today
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
Shut down the plug
what you said now was not clear.
what does it mean to be overbearing
ai, what should i call you
I paid with my card and got charged an extra fee, what's up with that?
I found my card in my jacket this morning, so can I reactivate it?
erase all content in my calendar
i want to call up jan
How can I trade currencies with this app?
please retry the last said.
I want the Ryan Seacrest show on the radio in the kitchen.
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
tell me the train ticket price of california to chicago
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
yes it was perfect.
When is the next non working day?
my pto used so far is what right now
How do I set-up my PIN for the new card?
yeah wonderful response.
help me switch to a new insurance plan
i need to know how much gas i got
read my appointments for march 2
how can i locate where i am
vanilli marauthr
I need more physical cards.
Send email to
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow
remove my 4 am alaram
Continue with my audiobook please.
convert current time from g. m. t. to est
I'd like you to turn turn on the TV.
can you alert me at 6 in the morning
I made a payment and it appears it is showing twice
where do i find my w-2 form
What do you think of the exchange rate?
what should i grab to make a german chocolate cake
can you tell me all of the things on my to do list for tomorrow, please
set up a train ticket for next week Friday
Please help me with my card. As i have tried to use my card in two different ATMs but repeatedly it was declining by ATM.
tell me a joke
would it be possible to increase my chase card's limit
what is the amount of disposable cards I can have?
how many of my sick days have i gone through
abort please
it's too bright in here can you turn a light off
can you tell me what kind of outlet plug there is over there
I can't add any more money.
Why won't you take my transfer, I keep getting an error message.
tag this song with five stars
How much is it to use my US debit or credit card to top up?
play the radio station rock one hundred and eight
order me an uber ride please
stock google find out
i need to hear what you've said again.
change to female voice
Check emails from Cassie about Tom.
What is the exchange rate for pounds and USD?
please can you cancel it.
Why have I been charged an extra £1?
i'm going to need an uber for 4 people to go to patty's bar
what time i have to meet mr accountant
get me a taxi
what is the time in canada now
could you tell me the fuel type for my car
What is an organism?
Notify me about birthdays of all my facebook friends.
would you let me know what date it will be in 3 days
Are there any charges for receiving money?
What is the date?
show me this week's forecast
how long does it take to get to applebees in new york
s1, explain more on your response.
Get me the latest on current events going on in the world.
how's the weather like in beijing
Can you tell me how to link one of your cards that I already have?
I was so embarrassed. Why didn't my payment clear?
How do you define problematic?
Why did you guys charge me an extra €1?
Is there a reason that the ATM declined my transaction?
What is the reason when I tried to pay contactless at the bus, it didnt work?
i want to hear the radio
please remove the the alarm which i set
have i set any alarms in the morning
certainly not
anything will be fine with me.
I am still waiting for my card.
nope, you gave me not correct information.
I got money overseas and the exchange rate was wrong
give US president's election news
i need an alarm set for 5:30 pm
tell me when my water bill is due
What do I need for the identity check?
Send email to Emilia saying: I will be late, please don't wait with dinner.
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal is pending?
It appears that I am being double charged for some items that I have purchased this past week.  Please review and correct.
how do i check my rewards for my capital one card
what is the carry-on policy for flights on transaero
What will the weather be for the next week?
Is a SWIFT transfer acceptable?
i'd like you to remember that i like this song
i want to know what health plan i'm currently on
tell me about the latest sports news
set a weekly meeting for friday 9am
is it just visa or can i also use mastercard?
it was cool, i appreciate it, olly.
thank you so much for that information.
500 dollars equals what in pesos
I just topped off my card will I be charged for it?
application for a mastercard
what is an orange like
set roatating event
book an appointment for an oil change
order two medium cheese and one medium pepperoni pizza from dominoes
could you tell me the last spoke once again.
friend updates
Could you inform me as to why I have been charged a higher fee for doing banking abroad.
Do remove next event from the calendar
There was a direct debit I don't recognize.
write a tweet telling macy's that they should be shutting down instead of jcpenney
I was declined when I tried to take out cash!
explain to me how do i get new insurance
What is the outcome of blank today?
let's play space invaders together
Show me world news updated in the pst hour.
let me know the amounts i owe for my utilities and tuition bills
has my credit card application been processed
Is Kim Kardashian married?
yes perfectly.
are my contacts mostly female or male
Play R&B
My statement shows an extra fee - what is it?
how long has it been since my car was last looked at
how does my name appear
My card payment was reverted, why?
you are my star, thank you very much.
what's the time in hong kong
How come my refund hasn't appeared on my statement?
tell me why I was charged more with my card?
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for twenty third march
please reset the factory settings
There must have been a mistake, why was I charged an extra pound?
where is flight dl123
What is the email address for Tessa?
Please give me notice when I need to leave for the conference
Please define forensic
good morning isn't it a great day
make a cup of coffee for me
which day is it now
Play me some podcasts about getting rich quick.
would you please shut down.
I want topics on celebrity gossip
what have i spent over the last few days
find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup
Tell me the today'd date
what is my income this year
open twitter and add complaint on doctor patel's feed
explain more on your answer please.
tell me when i should change me oil
Its dark in here, mind turning up the light intensity?
Do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
I'm unhappy with (insert). Please help me
i'm not sure of that
Are both Visa and Mastercard accepted?
I didn't think my country-to-country money transfer would take so long. It still says that it's pending so I re-checked all of the account information--everything seems right, so what's the deal?
say trivia about lebron james
Someone transferred money to me and it doesn't show
turn on radio now
I need to know your exchange rates.
I made a transfer and the person I transferred the money to didn't receive the right amount? Why did this happen and how do I get the rest of the money to them?
Will I get charged for topping off my card?
PDA please cancel my next hair cut.
anything would be good with me, olly.
i want more light
to what extent until the following day away from work
Waiting for the cash I deposited this morning still
can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed
Where can I use my card to pay?
open calendar and erase all events for all months
How long will it take to receive a virtual card?
could you tell me it once again please.
can you show me my shopping list
how many alarms are currently set
I tried to transfer some money and it hasn't done it yet - what's going on?
I cannot find my credit card.
What is the point of an identity check?
which type of plugs do they use in scotland
what's the name of the company that designed you
what are the latest prices of the stocks
Start my movies soundtrack list.
make a calendar entry for next saturday at ten am please
reduce the intensity of lights
open uber app and book me a car for pick up at the airport
Why is my transfer still pending after all this time?
thanks for the helping, olly.
can you tell me a little about yourself
show me delivery near me
you were born where
what are the new movies releasing
How do i set up auto top-up?
Hi, What is the hot topic in facebook .
check emails for unread emails from mom
Olly make me a cup of coffee
u. s. d. position now
Show me how to verify my identity?
would you check what i said.
it's cool, thanks.
I tried to top up, but the funds show up as pending. I thought it was instant?
My cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
favourite podcast
recipe for meal
Control lights.  Turn off room lights.
PDA can you give me a 10 minute timer.
I would like to hear the song Aces High
I am experiencing difficulty providing my identity.
I noticed an extra pound charge?
I am wanting to refill my card, is there a charge?
how many vacation days do i have saved up
How can I edit my personal details in the app?
I had a transfer blocked
jay's phone number
What is the Dollar price in INR?
deactive the socket
vacuum the living room in ten minutes
i need to know directions to the nearest gas station
set alarm for reminder
change from whisper mode
can you slow down the speed in which you speak
Please help me.  My disposable virtual card won't work right.
Tell me about Donald Trumps early life
what is the time in ajmer
i'd like to get on a new united healthcare plan
delete event
Tell me if The Olive Garden allows takeway.
which is the safest and most dangerous country to live in .
exact response to the command.
clean my entire calendar
Please turn off the lights in the (specific room)
I think I am a victim of fraud.  I noticed there was a charge on my account that I didn't do because I haven't touched my card today.  Can you please reverse the charge and refund my money?
s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
play rummy
What is the time difference between pacific and central
Can I use American express with apple pay? Why does it make my top up not work?
which gas grade does this car take
please would you check and confirm what said.
Who is singing the song I am listening to right now?
How long until my transfer goes through?
Please explain the charge of 1L in error.  I have purchased nothing in this amount.
i want to make sure my reservation for 5 at mcdonalds is still set
Why is there a random payment in my statement?
how are the reviews for the supreme pizza at papa john's
what timezone is honolulu in
send an email to juanpedro@gmail dot com
what kind of gas does your car use
Why am I being charged a hidden fee?
What day and time is the Acme meeting in San Diego, California?
can i get to cuba with this visa
what is eighty seven minus fourteen
I paid with a card and there is an extra charge. Why?
Hey I thought transfers were free.  Why are you charging me?
please put my account on hold
When is the best time to shop at Target so that I don't have to deal with a lot of people?
I would like to cancel a transfer...is this possible?
can you make an appointment for an oil change
do not talk
please turn off wemo socket
that is good.
how much have i spent lately on eating out
I did a money transaction and the recipient doesn't see it
disable my  okug
what's a fun fact about elephants
What is the current price of brent crude?
forget it
is there anything left on my list
time constrain
remember metallica selections for next time
When will my account receive the money?
how many kinds of nutrients does a glass of rice milk have
yeap it's excellent.
i want my credit score
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal showing up as a pending transaction?
Disable smark socket.
Unusual direct deposit
convert cm to inch
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
you are the best, thank you very much.
s1, would you please explain more on your words.
start play road rash
Check the traffic to our home
How are you feeling today?
Show current events around me
Please give me the date today?
set up a timer
appreciate your helping.
I could not use my card in a store.
I don't have the device I used to log onto the platform so I can't access it.
how much meat should i buy to serve ten people
i need to know this song's name
how much is my telephone bill this month
Raise the volume to 60
How can I find your exchange rates?
want to play a game of trivia
For the identity check, what kind of documents do I need to have?
Please delete the contacts that I havent spoken to in 3 of months
what location do you see me at right now
are you paid by somebody
Exchange rate between dollar and Mexican peso
take me to music player
thank you for helps.
delete the dog list for me
shit, wrong.
Play CD led Zeppelin houses of the holy
please describe about microwave
I didn't get a PIN yet. What gives?
i don't need eggs anymore, but i do need milk
Why do I have a pending cash withdrawal?
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
please order more checks i just used the last one
play for me the game harry potter and the chamber of secrets
I have to transfer money over to my mother, and I have tried numerous times and all that keeps happening is error messages.
Begin a new list.
Add a movie name to the wish list
I want to get a new card before my current one expires, how much will it cost me and how long will it take to get here.
How do you define textual
My top up hasn't worked, it's been stuck in pending for the last couple hours
How long will it take to get to the airport
where can i locate the ally routing number
may I have a list of 5 star hotels in Paris?
i am sorry but it's not correct response.
Which Mountain range is the largest?
color the lights red
How do I request the PIN?
Read me today's news from Polk County, Florida.
i want to learn how to change the oil in my car
play audiobook of jacob
Why is there a fee for doing a transfer?
what is my plan for the day
what makes you happy in your free time
one thousand two hundred and thirty pm already you will have a meeting in ten mins
Remind me about the meeting with Harry on Monday
under the name zebee book a reservation at the xenophobe for 3
i am not in need of my reservation anymore
what alarms do i got
make appointment for next friday
are there any travel alerts for china
Is it possible to order a card?
help me change my account
how many people live in los angeles
what are today's highlights from facebook
how would i go about converting inches to yards
alarm five pm tuesday
Where is DELL standing in stock market right now?
Practical Driving Assessment
Can I reactivate my PIN?
would not mind for anything.
get news from bbc
please can you confirm the question.
i need help paying my store bill
how much have i spent on tires this month
Where is my card PIN?
Is my credit card supported for top-ups?
How come when I tried to pay contactless at the bus it didnt work?
add my car payment on the twelfth in my calendar
I would like to cancel my previous purchase.
can you tell me how to jump start a car
I need some help, I thought you guys accepted crypto top ups?? It won't seem to let me do it. I put money in my account and now it's gone and I didn't spend it. Where did it go??
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
I purchases several items today. Why are they still showing pending?
What day this year has the longest daylight time
I was charged multiple times at the same location at the same time
What number of times can I top-up?
apples expire in how long
yeap exact response.
yes that's fantastic.
volume 4 set
can you tell me today's date?
have you made a mistake.
what's your place of manufacture
lower your volume please
please quiet the speaker
Why did I have to pay an additional amount when using my card to pay?
i need my savings account placed under a block as soon as possible
i did not say it.
show u. s. d. currency value of euro
i need to know about travel alerts for mexico
i need to know if i need a visa to travel to el salvador
Show current local events
Someone stole my wallet earlier today, not sure exactly when, probably on Piccadilly circus. Can you check if there were any attempts to use the card and obviously block it?
i would like to hear again.
olly turn the lights to red color
Schedule my meeting with Mr. John Hopkins tomorrow 1 PM in the afternoon after lunch.
when does my balance update for a transfer
check the events on calendar and delete the next event
book a train ticket from baltimore maryland to new york new york
there is a debit i dont recognize
start cleaning
say what you've said one more time again please.
that could maybe be it
do we add rosemary in pasta
I have friends that would like to top-up my account is that possible?
it doesn't matter to me.
I like to listen to Jazz
Account topping up bank transfers to my account assistance please?
what is the traffic condition of florida
this alarm needs to be permanently silenced
What is the weather in Sydney now?
calendar erase all
You've incorrectly calculated the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
Still waiting on a refund.
Is it possible to get a card when i'm not in the UK?
i need to know the conversion between teaspoons and tablespoons
yeah exact response.
where is steven spielberg living?
i feel like having soup for lunch order from wangs kitchen restaurant a chicken manchow soup
i need to let my bank know that i'll be travelling internationally
An extra fee has been added to my card payment is this correct?
what did you ask again
When will my top up be approved?
tea shop
how long does it take for a transfer from Europe to go through?
what is the ingredient list for an omelette
yeap your understanding is confirmed.
please confirm my last question.
forward the mail to new e-mail address
text tony and invite him to my party next saturday
Olly today was a tiring day
how are things treating you
set a reminder for me to take my meds
If I want to exchange currency, will there be extras?
show me my alarms i have set
I am unable to use my top-up on the app. Could you explain this to me?
have no idea for what to do.
make me a cappuccino
can you find me the apr listed on the statement for my citi mastercard
Is there a fee to get an actual card?
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
If I top-up by using a trasfer are there charges that applied?
new list
what timezone is boise in
create a list for the following
how long ago were you born
My statement does not reflect that a refund has been issued
the time difference between lagos and new york is what
I would prefer a visa card
i am not a bot, are you
Get the Duet game.
My payment was terminated
ask trivia questions
i want to be woken up at 9 tomorrow
what is the square root of 1 million
my water bill is due, pay it immediately
what are you called
No Visa please. I want to continue with Mastercard.
What are the steps for identity checks?
White
tell me my current health plan
i finished my to do list
How many disposable cards can I make in a day?
turn on the plug socket one
i don't quite catch that.
mute the settings
Please play jazz music.
Where can I withdraw money from?
i would like to report my card as stolen, please
Pull up Peking Garden online
I have a disposable card, how many transactions can I make?
Can I also transfer with SWIFT?
hey call the nearest chinese restaurant for a takeaway
cancel the breakfast at tiffany's house
Is there a limit on how many times I can use a disposable card?
play biography of jackie kennedy
please will you reset.
There is more than one of the same transaction on my account.
Add my mom to calendar for Monday brunch.
PDA, new emails from ****?
i wanna know how many points have i earned with my credit card
i'd like you confirm the question please.
who do you job for
have i received any mentions on twitter
what's the news with my delta flight
what are my health benefits like
show me the path of nearest railway station
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
Hello, I was contacted by a seller who let me know my money didn't come through on their side. It most certainly came out of my account so I need this looked at immediately because now it has been returned to me!
thanks but i think you have gotten me incorrectly.
am i running low on gas
Where do I need to go to change my PIN?
bake time for brownies
I had everything lined up to make a transfer, and then it rejected it.
Do you have a list of the cards and currencies supported?
can you schedule a meeting with james at the office
I don't like your company. Delete my account.
play music from where you left off
create new list for baby names
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I am not sure why.
Topping up my card is not working because I believe the top up is pending
PDA, delete list item
How do I unblock my card?
If you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
please start the next podcast episode
outside traffic status please
Are there are any delays on my commute?
what is the form i need to report my earnings
seven times seven
i'm saying goodbye now
from where are coming your exchange rates?
do i spend too much on beer
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with united to lax
How can I Use thereto-top option?
Notify me an hour before my 2pm appointment at the car dealership
order a takeaway
Open my contact list
can you let me listen to elvis
What is happening in the world?
tell me if i have any spare vacation days
What should I do if someone stole my phone?
Is it raining now?
remind me to set the meat out to defrost
What is the last email I received?
Are you going to charge me to top up my card?
is the road a free way or a toll road
There is a payment showing that I know I didn't make. I didn't use my card that day and I'm sure of it. Can you please cancel that transaction and return my money? Thankyou
what does rice wine go with
list everything left on my query
Hi there, I've tried to make a transfer 5 different times and its not working. Is your system down or something?
what song in the theme song for frasier
want a new card what are the fees
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiery?
I just found out from the seller that my money didn't go through. I checked my account and it was deducted at first but now it's back in my account. Can you  please fix this for me quickly?
please will you explain me more on what you've said.
Olly i got into a wreck today
what do i need to have with me to activate card
it's exact.
Can I verify the source of my funds?
On what do you base your exchange rates?
could you be a person
I need to deposit money to my account
Where can I locate my PIN at?
My top up is pending.
i think you have made a mistake, please rectify this.
can you check and confirm the question please.
Are there any reasons that my identity wouldn't be accepted even though everything I've provided is factual?
definition for object name
do you know any joke
let me know who made you
i don't think so
I just looked at my app and it seems I was charged extra, why is that?
would you love to see
hows the city mpg of this car
PDA, what is a pressure washer?
go to social media and post the following status
I bought an item and noticed the exchange rate was not correct.
Hi, I was trying to use my card but it was declining by ATM. I have cross checked with two different ATMs but i was facing the same issue. Could you please check my account.
could you translate this into chinese for me, please
Can you activate my card pls
why did my payment revert
I need to calendar a meeting with Nathan on Monday at 9am.
go ahead and talk faster now
replay the God of small things
do i have any new emails from my dad
my pto used so far is what right now
yes you have done it perfectly.
I don't recognize a purchase that was made with my card.
My phone was left behind.  Can I still use my card?
What am I up to this weekend?
I think my card payment had been return
Please turn the porch light to blue.
what is the time in hyderabad
is my friend rohit online on facebook
I'm not able to withdraw money from the ATM but I'm not sure why.
what are the latest mails i received?
What time does the last train arrive in Dallas?
stop audiobook
dammit, you gave me incorrect information.
how can i add money from my amex card
what is 78 times 81 minus 5
What is the current stock price of Samsung?
I topped up about half an hour ago and the charge is still pending. I'm a new customer and today is my first time doing this. Can you fix it? It doesn't seem to be working.
would you please increase the speaker volume
how can i obtain new insurance, please
yes its must
i don't bother.
I have an incorrect charge and would like a refund.
increase lights please
yeap
how long do cheeseburgers take to make
how effective will be to buy nike stock
what is the exchange rate?
please wake me up at eight am
What can you tell me about getting a virtual disposable card?
play lady by kenny rogers  now
What is this charge on my account for a cash withdrawl?
what kind of hobbies do you have
set an alarm for five am
how do i reset my pin number for my account, please
can you just stop it please.
Send email to Elain and reminder her not to forget the oranges in the morning
how can i get a visa card
current song rating three stars
will you please shut down.
display date
Why would a transfer to a beneficiary not go through?
i have to cancel my reservation after all, please
Please set the lights off in the living room.
celebrities
i must know the the carry-on restrictions for american airlines
What is the weather forecast for Chicago?
would you try that instruction said again please.
My account shows that I made a cash withdrawal but I cannot remember doing so!
The exchange rate for my electronic payment is incorrect.
may i get all of the food transactions that were made last month
what is the length of time it takes a new card to get mailed to me
Find me the latest podcast about President Trump and his immigration ban.
remove all alarms if any
tell me my reminders
can you just stop it please.
show me the direction of this location.
yes fantastic response.
what are the steps for transferring my 401k
Describe this.
Do I need to choose GBP to get my salary deposited properly?
Check email for OTP sent by my bank.
I want to transfer money. How do I do that for my account?
I am interested in changing my personal details.
book me a train ticket for saturday
lights out
Please play folk music.
my online bill has some items that i didn't purchase from penneys
please decrease the volume of this song
what's something interesting to do kentucky
what's your favorite joke
i think it could be either one
what is 543 times 344
Someone has taken my money and I don't know who
i need you to get me a flight booked from houston to miami on united airlines
lets go Nazi hunting, PDA!
change the lights to my favorite color
please update my grocery list with one gallon of two percent milk
Please explain the fee on a transfer I made.
please change color of light to pinkish
elaborate further on this.
When will the card arrive?
appreciate helps.
can you please confirm that.
Open email, check messages
is there a limit for top up?
Can I have a new card shipped to China?
i need some more lysol, could you order me some
olly please can you just stop it.
tell me how many pesos equal 500 dollars
can you say that over
I'm using the app and I noticed a payment that I didn't make.
Could you please recommend what I should do if my card keeps getting declined?  I planned to top-up today but I am unable to get it to work.  I need a fast solution to this problem.
Find my shopping list and delete it
Has Mike sent me an email
Help me use American Express to add money to the account.
Resume my audiobook from the beginning of the last chapter I started.
I don't think my top up is working correctly
yeap amazing response to the command.
find and order rasgulla of janta sweet home pvt ltd
provide contact location
add that song to my top ten favorites list
what is the traffic like
What is 5 divided by 1
What has to be done to verify my identity?
erase that from my calendar
please set the alarm for next morning to seven am
would it be smart to put air in my tires
it's good, thank you.
can my credit limit be increased to $1000
It seems like my card payment didn't work.
find the closest cvs near galleria mall
help me get my pin on my capitol one account changed to 3892
What do you require to verify someone's identity?
Someone has copied my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help now.
What reasons could cause my top up to be reverted
add new email to contacts
please delete all of my calemdar events for the rest of the day
would you kindly remove five mile run from my list of things to do
i want to clean my bedroom put the vacuum on and go to my room
I see what looks like duplicate charges on account.
Please let me know about my aniversary
how to cook this food
it's confirmed.
please turn off the kitchen
When can I expect a transfer from Europe to go through?
i think that's not the correct response.
turn my morning alarm on
prepare coffee
thanks for your help.
my luggage is missing off of american airlines flight ab123 out of chicago
you've been a big help
set a reminder for monday pay taxes
link up my paycheck for direct deposit to my account at chase
i'd like to rent a vehicle from nov 1st to nov 15th in san antonio and i need a 15 passenger van
how is the traffic on my way to the venue
I can't get my card out of the ATM, what should I do now?
What places will accept my card for payment?
What are you exchange rates?
can i hear some music by cloud control
Does Apple Watch support the topping-off of my account?
how high is my credit limit for my wells fargo card
did bert write me today
what day of the week is the first of march
i need to make an appointment for an oil change, please
i would like to hear your last the procedure said again.
Tweet Verizon customer service.
Could you please tell me whats in my schedule at 8 tonight?
how many pesos can i get for a dollar right now
dont forget to set a reminder to pay the bills
did mike send me an email
i want you to confirm that please.
Is there a daily auto top-up limit?
mute the speakers
What is the base of the exchange rates?
what is the amount due on my visa
I'd rather not verify my identity.
Define framework
My transaction needs to be canceled.
what is the square root of 66
i want you just stop it.
Play my Spotify Dance Play List
please play the local latin music channel on the radio
reset the factory settings if possible
Can you find me a furniture store near me?
am i gonna need rain boots
mute please
What is the reason when I tried to pay contactless at the bus, it didnt work?
please remove this item from the list
WOULD BE GIVE EXCHANGES ANY OF THESE PROBLEMS
I want to listen to elton john in a live concert
if i use my card in denver will i get charged extra
i need to know the weather
PDA please check my coming up events
where is the nearest pub in the city
Broadcast The Health Show from the kitchen.
can i order take out food at this time
buy me a ticket to take the train to atlanta
what can i cook with broccoli and chicken
open music player settings
Why hasn't my son received the transfer I sent to him earlier?
tell me my chase credit card's apr
How long has Princess Kate been pregnant?
What types of cards and money do you accept?
where do you originate from
You want to know how my day went?
PDA, send an email for me.
are there any traffic delays
can you forward an episode in the podcast
tell me weather forecast
I entered a typo when I was transferring money and now I've sent it to an incorrect account.  This is so bad!  I need it cancelled now.
resume harry potter book five
add this song to my jazz playlist
i say no to that question
are you able to purchase underpants for me
what is the best movie to watch this weekend
forward the mail to new email address
please speak one more time again.
i would like the house lights to be pink
what is my recent email activity
increase the light a little
repeating event meeting on mondays
change the light colors
what time should i leave this in the oven
I received incorrect amount of cash from an ATM today. It was more than I wanted. What do I do now?
list next month's events
how long does visa take to get me a new card
I got charged a fee for transferring money.
I live in the EU - can I get a card?
could you tell me it one more time please.
is it possible to make reservations in advance for macaroni grill
how come the verification with the top up
not that one
What's the value of the Euro, relative to NZD
will it be cold tomorrow
that's not what i just said.
I have forgotten my password.
i like you just stop.
Will I be charged for topping up by transfer?
in every three hours give me my facebook update
are there any events going on in milan
I want to remove @ from list
when is my takeaway going to get here
How many disposable cards am I allowed to have?
How many Euros are in a Dollar?
book me a taxi for one pm
give me my facebook update every three hours
please rephrase your answers again.
My desire is to listen to some country music.
Olly, what is the most recent update regarding the hurricane Katrina?
Tell me all my lists.
PDA, I need a taxi/Uber
could you again elaborate me on your answers please.
Please remind me of my teachers meeting on Thursday at 3:00pm.
please change your language setting to russian
whisper mode, stop
Tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality.
are there instructions on how to make buttermilk pancakes
IS there anywhere that a card cannot be delivered?
is the restaurant busy at lunchtime
define flabbergasted
what is on my shopping list today
please could you confirm the detail.
I really ska music.
add newscast time to daily schedule
I just received my card and I'd like to activate it.
how do i get the card linked
If i want to change my pin number can I directly from an ATM?
i'd like you to pair with my phone
look at my email
Please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
Can the card be mailed and used in Europe?
what is my credit limit at
Alert me at 2:30.
who was the 32 president
if it is four pm in missouri what time is it in london
start vacuum
Can you tell me about my mettings next week?
let me know the time in india
Play the electronic playlist
olly would you please shut off.
how much is one u. s. d. in inr
get the roomba to clean up
unhappy with you, how to delete account
how do they say "where's the bathroom" in spanish
yes you are right
Olly tell me where I can go shopping in this area?
how much have i spent on shoes lately
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
Honda stock price?
PDA please remove the appointment on April 1st.
replay it please.
please let me know what is on my shopping list
I need some ambiance, please.
find a train going from prague to brno
I contacted the seller for a direct refund last week but he still hasn't give me my money. What should I do?
i need to know when was the last time i had my car checked out for a tune up
what benefits are associated with my insurance
deaft an email to kailey about work later
Will I need sunscreen this afternoon?
too loud
Siri, what is $10 in Rubels?
play music for me
And do you have virtual cards instead of physical ones?
What is stopping my money from transferring?
when am i boarding my flight
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
I have an unusual payment in my statement
disable alarm for three pm
I have a meeting at noon today
can you define the word schadenfreude
Cortana, are there any good social events happening in my area?
Please explain how I use the disposable cards?
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at five
what plug types are there in cuba
thanks for helping me out today
lights off bathroom
play a party music list
Out of the blue, my card stopped working.
i have a fraudulent transaction from wal mart showing on my account
get rid of a list
what movies are playing tonight
i dont want to listen to this song
do you have any of the beatles music
I no longer want to keep this account.
can you repeat the question again
i think my account is block but i am not sure why
yes that's right.
what do i do if i need my w2 for my my taxes
when does the next train to work leave
show me the weather forecast for this week
Can you tell me what the time is right now?
I would like instructions on how to cook baked chicken.
olly that is all, cancel.
this is a good song put it on repeat
Why is my payment still pending?
What do I do now my credit card has been swallowed by the ATM?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again this morning.
How much does it cost to top up by card?
uh no, it isn't what i asked.
i'd like to add this song to my relaxation playlist
What can you tell me about the dance on Friday?
I tried to withdraw cash, but got declined!
that is not right answer.
could you set a timer
i appreciate it, that's great job.
oh no, you gave me not correct information.
what time is it in london
let me know when my meetings are on monday
continue playing my audiobook
in australia what outlet type do they use
thanks but that's not the right command.
Can am I able to exchange currencies?
Why have I been charged a small fee to use my card?
I just realized I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
find me train tickets
There is a cash withdrawal from an ATM listed but I don't remember making this withdrawal.
Why wouldn't my contactless work for the metro?
play my play list
I'd rather not use my physical card, how can I get a virtual card?
find a taxi to book
how's life
tell me the email address for aunt ruth
Can you please explain how bank transfers work?
what is your age
do i have new likes
I am not comfortable verifying my indentity.
play candy crush with me
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
turn my plug on
Will this card work all over the world?
i think my luggage is stolen
Wipe everything on my calendar.
is there a surcharge for using my card in mexico
i lost my discover card, i want to report it
i want a train ticket from los angeles to phoenix
Can you please describe the I phone seven?
i’m making spaghetti what ingredients do i need
What does pending payment mean?
Can I get a physical card through this app?
how long will chicken last in the freezer
Can you show me how to verify the top-up card?
stock price for sprint
Will there be a cost if I exchange currency?
One of my payments was doubled
PDA: Whats the headlines from Bob's News
Payment did not process
did you get last thing said correctly?
Tell me the area code for Jen K.
email my favourite contacts
Who sent this email ?
alert my bank and let them know that i'm travelling to brussels
Alexa play 90's alternative
send mail to mom i am planning vacations with her next week
yes right.
tell me the calorie content of frosted flakes
Open book
how many rivers are there in europe
what is sarah's number
send jack a text saying hi
I bought something online a week ago and i never got it in the mail.Can I just get my money back now I don't want to keep waiting on something that isn't going to show up.
recipe for meal
get me to the nearest train station
I'm pretty frustrated about a pound charge that keeps  showing up in my account statement. It's listed in the app as "pending", it never changes, and now I'm thinking someone's hacked my account!
Can you tell me what solution can we do to solve the climate change?
How can I link the new card?
How old do my kids have to be use this?
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
which is the nearest restaurants available
what is weather today
please put a block on my capital one account immediately
tell me what is song is playing now
can you verify that i have a reservation at o'reilly's for 9
book a hotel in pa, harrisburg for the 10th to 15th
what is the current time right now
at free time what do you do
the creator of your ai, what is their name
It would be nice if you could play with my kids
can you start the coffee machine for me
let's play checkers
Can someone assist me with explaining how I can unblock my pin?
this song was very good
which time zone are we in please change to current
can you activate the vacuum to clean the house
what's my next alarm
Play the radio music band.
What is the refund process?
are you able to find my recent transactions for me
Please delete the meeting I have with John tonight.
pull up lights control
Cash has been deposited this morning but it hasn't came through.
please explain the word catastrophic to me
does delta charge for carry ons
remove trip event
I want to talk about an order that I placed a long time ago and have yet to receive. I demand a refund due to lack of delivery of the product!  I refuse to pay for something I never got.
What time is it?
what's going on facebook
update me on my emails
do you have any jokes to tell me
post a facebook status engaged
Search for nearby Chinese restaurants
I tempted to get some money out of the machine earlier and it did not work.Looking now, the transaction actually shows to still be in progress. I would certainly appreciate someone look into this and let me know what's going on. I definitely do not want to be charged for money I never received.
I need to find out where the card is that I ordered.
what kind of mileage does this car get
where's my phone
show u. s. d. currency value of euro
activate the robot and vacuum the floor
confirm the alarm time
thanks but i think it's not the right command.
is fixing mom's kitchen blind on my to do list
set the time zone to g. m. t.
I would like to reactivate my card.
The app reverted my top up
I would like to cancel my order.
what is my monthly spending limit because i was refused my money at an atm
play podcast one
hey olly mute the speakers
What degree is it outside?
what name should i use for you
olly will you please shut off.
This weekend, what events are going on in Seattle?
i can't hear you can you say it again louder
what's the exchange rate between the us dollar and the euro
Play recentl added songs
are there activities that you enjoy doing in your free time
How long does it take to get a refund on something I bought?
can x’s music be played
what song is playing
what was the total i spent at home depot last month
I'd like to get a Visa card, please.
are there fees for using my card in tampa
i would like to hear a joke
new customer and filling gas for the first time today, not working,
Can my account be topped-up by friends of mine.
add a new list
now use male voice
does bob live in france
Send a reply to the last email.
set a reminder for james' party on the third
I need help finding the verification code for my top-up card.
seven times seven
There is some odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's that about? Pretty sure I haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
usd to the euro exchanges at what right now
i want to hear doctor jokes
I would like to listen to Celine Dion.
Check for e-mail from mom?
i am sorry but i think this was not the right response.
how do i go about changing my insurance to a new low monthly premium plan
My virtual card won't work.
how do i adjust my insurance policy
how many vacation days do i have
what events are happening this weekend in my area
what is the weather this friday
make the temperature 78 in here
I want to inactivate my account.
What is Nicole McGoat's net worth?
I would like a wake up alarm at 7:00 am tomorrow.
can you explain once again.
What's the top up limit?
can i sub sugar for salt
can i verify my identity i the app
I'm not able to activate my card how do I fix this problem?
The app is telling me that I am not me.
Add Jane's birthday party at 123 Main St for 2PM tomorrow on my calendar
please link up to my phone
i can't find my phone
what is computer
What countries do your services support?
thanks but you are incorrect.
I want to request a physical card
I need help reapplying my top-up. It seems it isn't working.
Can you tell me why I was charged $1 for a transaction?
olly would you shut up please.
PDA what's today's date?
I have a charge for something I didn't buy.
Are EUR exchanges allowed?
I believe my card has been compromised because of a strange withdrawal
add oranges to my to do shopping list
will i receive a fee if i use my card in ireland
Next podcast.
can you tell the temperature it will tomorrow
A transfer has been made in my account that I need to cancel.  This was a mistake on my part and I hope we can get this resolved quickly.
can you retry the last one said please.
please turn my settings back to the original settings
let me know what tomorrow's date is
I'm interested in getting a virtual card.  How do I get one?
let me know about the alarms you set
music please!
how is the traffic right now
Do you accept exchanges to EUR?
i want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare
turn up sound
whatever is okay for me.
My cash withdrawal is still showing as pending.
what is the current day month and year
repeat same song for ten times
please turn on my door lock
i'm out of all my checks can i get some new ones
i'm glad i got to talk to you
Why is the payment showing as pending from things I bought this morning?
on my to-dos remove mop kitchen
show my activity list
Why can't I buy cryptocurrency on the app?
The exchange rate you're using is terrible - this can't be the official interbank exchange rate, can it?
i would like to make changes to my insurance policy
when do i need to change my motor oil again
I can't seem to use my card. Can you help?
book for me a train ticket to california
see if john is available for a meeting on Monday
I make payments for my place abroad using this account and since i use it so frequently I was wondering why did the fees increase suddenly rather than decreasing? I would think customers like me should receive incentives for using your service
yeap correct response to the command.
please will you shut down.
My card never arrived.
PDA, What is the weather going to be like on March 20th 2017?
tell me when the hockey game tickets are for
I used my card for a purchase and was charged a fee
i need you to flip a coin once
Why hasn't my friend received the money i sent them yet?
take me to tnagar
it's excellent, appreciated.
thank you so much for your answer.
Why is my top up not completing?
please show me best run program in jodhpur
I also need to buy batteries AAA
got the answer exactly.
Play Clarity by Zedd
can you start the coffee
My card is going to expire, what do I do?
thanks but i think you do not get me.
I have a transfer that was declined.
Whether I can  travel the whole world in a day ?
PDA what time is the Cantonese Dog Festival?
excellent job, you have done well.
Save my opinion on Adele's song.
Siri, skip song
I need to find the card I received in the app.
does it take a long time to get to the airport in la
how long do you cook it
PDA: Add Bill's email to my address books and lets send him a message
start my robot vacuum cleaner
Is the 1 pound charge going to be reimbursed on my card?
can you clear my calendar?
Is it acceptable to use my card anywhere?
Remind me of my appointment on the 15th.
how do i apply for new insurance
play next episode of harry potter by j. k. rowling
how little can i pay on my car bill
Is there a need for sun glasses ?
My card was taken from me
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
it seems like the answer was not correct.
Please add March 5th as John's birthday.
it was cool, i appreciate it.
refresh my memory about what items i want to remember
you have got that exactly.
Do you process SWIFT transfers?
I see a direct debit that isn't mine? How can I get my money back?
i'm not completely certain
please schedule car maintenance for me
I deposited some cash but it hasn't shown up in my account yet, what's going on?
Why did my top-up fail?
tell me the meaning of hegemony
will i require a plug converter when i visit kenya
could i cancel my reservations
where is steven spielberg living
which pets do you have
The disposable cards - what are they for?
Check delivery options for the restaurant.
s2, i am unclear about this.
you have to connect to my phone
tell me joe joe's home address
Can I transfer money to my card via bank-transfer?
what to do next
what name do you like to go by
i need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids
I would like to change my address.
once again explain your answer.
how long will it take to get to golden gate bridge from pier 39
is it recommended to get any shots before i travel to africa
please tell me what a crankshaft is
I have a strange transaction on my account which appears to pertain to a cash withdrawal I made outside Nandos in Leeds.  What is that for?  Is it fraud?
Make Wednesday evening at 5pm always be a meeting with Phil on my calendar.
how much is the canadian dollar worth vs us dollar?
please tell me the main points of my two hundred meeting from this afternoon
what's next on my list
remove all the events of last month from the calendar
please add final exams to my calendar for may 2
tell me my water bill please
Why was my new card declined?
tell me what's on my holiday list
is my school alarm set
olly that's all.
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but wasn't able to. Is my card working okay? It's the first time I tried using it.
how to see my credit score
How old do we have to be?
Remove my car payment on the 15th from my calendar.
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
I had a good day today.
don't really care.
What is the cost of a transfer?
Please give me both a visa and a mastercard.
I lost my phone!
what is new today
turn off the lamps
say something funny
what is the current time in chennai
i want a train ticket to edinburgh
I want to close my account
Tell me Mary's cell number?
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
can you tell me what time it is please
Is there a reason my cash withdrawal was declined?
What ATMs can I use this card at?
show me the routing number for chase
email Chris, add following content
Order a pizza with sausage from Domino's
what apr do i have with my credit card
Start house cleaning.
Is there an amount limit to my top-up?
I AM MISSING CASH FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT ACCORDING TO MY APP
I prefer mastercard.
How was the day
tell me the date 650 days from now
Cancel a transaction
I don't have a PIN at this point.
Am I allowed to give my daughter one of my cards to use?
is this program is scheduled
book me a hotel in new york near the empire state building from marc 2nd to 4th
Olly, please add my meeting with Clara to my calender for this thursday afternoon.
free home delivery
add grocery shopping to my to do list
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
i need to be cheered up right now can you tell me a good joke
i like jazz you should know
Is this song Ed Sheeran?
open grubhub
appreciated
lower the overhead lights
play the radio for me
Is it too hot for pants
what types of subjects do you know
can i see the previous episode
can you pull up jeff
uefa european championship
i'd like to find a place that rents flashy sports cars in tampa
How do I do an international transfer?
When I submit a transfer, it is being declined.  The information I put in has been reviewed.
Add red wine to my shopping list.
Why is my top up not completing?
hey i need you to make a list of cricket players of indian team who played for the international team in two thousand and fourteen
I found the card that I thought I lost, and I would like to reactivate it.
how could i say twin in chinese
Can you call an Uber for me?
Can I link your physical card
Is there a transaction limit for a disposable card?
please unmute yourself
Turn down the lights to medium
what kind of reviews does wendy's have
how low is my gas tank
can i increase the credit limit on my travel rewards card
can you help me find the answer to this question
Set a reminder to x thing every x days.
tell taxi to pick me up at four pm
i need to see the chicken salad's nutritional info
olly can you just stop.
please tell me the routing number for my wells fargo account
I made a card payment which is showing me pending.
I was not distributed all of cash that I requested
Are their fee's for top ups?
dammit, that's not what i meant.
what's the amount of calories in a cheesy omelette
What person produced the song that is on the radio?
When can I expect my card to be delivered to the US?
how do i get a pin for my card
olly shut up.
how can i roll over my 401k
Where should I take my wife for dinner tonight?
i want to reserve table for 5 at red robin under the name sara at 5
destroy all events
Why was my account charged for using an ATM?
does long horns do reservations
do the shower playlist please
How much does it cost to exchange my balance into a foreign currency?
start the satellite music feed
Add event with these people
i want to call robby
My transfer did not seem to work.
Open a new email to contact.
What alarm time had you set?
is it safe to travel to rio de janeiro (is rio de janeiro safe)
tell me a play list
I am unsuccessfully trying to make a transfer can you help?
by which company are you designed by
delete the item two from the list
The exchange rate for the money I took out in a foreign country is wrong.
what gas does this car need
can you please let me know the status of my capital one application
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
what will be the weather tomorrow
can you mute when i am not home
that's a yes from me
Where is George W. Bush from?
I entered the pin incorrectly too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help?
seems like olly's command was wrong.
What are the uses for disposable cards?
have no idea regarding to what to do.
i need my account frozen
Make a note, please: I like modern alternative rock music
may twenty two is my birthdate and i want to know the what day is twenty third may
Causes of top-up cancellation
siri what is one american dollar in japanese yen
Paying in card resulted in a fee
Play me a Radio Drama Podcast
what lists are available?
please say it again.
I want to cook that meal
super song
how do i get to statue of liberty by bus
what is the tire pressure of the car
how many likes did i get today
what a wonderful song can you save what i just said for me
how much for a physical card?
Help my prove my identity.
Hey olly play my favourite podcast from list
house can you make all the lights in the house blue
decrease brightness of lights
yeap good response.
How do I get my money back for a duplicated charge?
will you say once again.
I want to get some cash from the ATM using my card but I dont want to be charged any fees. Ive taken some money out before with no fees, but recently Ive been getting charged. Why?
play me a song of adele
olly i would like you just cancel it.
Why is my last transfer pending?
do I need to verify my identity every time I log into my account?
sound off
please can you tell me that word said once again.
will you include kleenex on my list for shopping please
I believe that a card payment I made was cancelled.
At which ATMs can I use this card?
Let's play a game of Truth or Dare.
whatever is ok with me.
what type of plug do i need when in rome
What do I do if my payment was reverted?
skip to next
make coffee at six am
The exchange rate is incorrect for something I bought
start vacuuming
Why am I charged a fee for getting cash?
i have activity on my bank of america card i don't recognize
How much will it cost me for a SEPA transfer?
The app says that I got cash in an ATM and I didn't
Why was my virtual card rejected?
scan the radio for howard stern
what kind of fuel does my vehicle run on
olly will you stop.
What day o the week is 14th
So, the card PIN?
I had a lot of meetings today
next episode in podcast
Find updates from Vicki's Facebook from Mardi Gras day
is the traffic bad enough that i should leave early
Do you allow currency exchanges?
Delete the list created yesteday
I topped up last night but don't have any funds, why not?
how many calories are in cake
Will I need an umbrella at all this week.
i need to get going at eight am tomorrow set up an alarm thirty minutes before that
is butter a substitute for oil
Any new emails from Derek?
How old do you need to be to open an account?
How long will my order be?
i need some help finding my phone
what is the lowest microsoft stock price today
clean the flat
does not matter to me.
How long does it take to activate the card, as it does not look like its working?
make a new list for me
hmm, you gave me incorrect information.
do i have to pay for carry-ons on delta
How do I verify my identity?
could you please check details.
a quarter to two
how can i cook pizza
Do you know the answer to the question
what's my apr on my primary credit card
Is it possible to get a Visa here?
tell me status of my day off request
could you reset your factory settings please
how long does it take milk to expire
open grubhub
How long until the transfer is reflected on my account balance?
what is your name
I received a different amount of cash than what I entered.
what's the difference between usd and cad
how about a game of snakes and ladders
average mpg
how can i know when my cable bill is due
I was declined a transfer
I really want a physical card. How do I get one?
Can I change my pin at ATMs?  If so, what ones?
so where did you live when you were a baby
How many legs does a dog have?
Is there anyway, I can get a disposable virtual card?
please let me know what is on my shopping list
send an email to jesse
what's the date of the winter solstice two years from now?
please switch on my wemo plug socket
what states border new hampshire
How tall is Lebrom James
use your quiet voice
tell me how much money i'm earning at my job
I got some cash at an ATM earlier, but now app is showing that I withdrew more than I did.  Help!
whats happening in football today
I tired to deposit some cash into my account but it's not there
tell me about alarms
how old is madonna
I really enjoyed sunny day today
yes, that is accurate
no, you did all wrongly.
Can I use my account without verifying my identity?
Why was there a transfer fee on my account?
would you schedule a meeting with carrie and lisa please
Go to WBMP-FM radio
yeap get the command perfectly.
please turn the music up
Olly, how would you describe the sun?
i'll be travelling to russia from april 1 through april 20 and need my financial institute apprised of it
directions to nearest apple store
can you find out the latest on my credit card application, i haven't heard an update in some time
Olly, notifiy me two hours before my meeting.
please find out how many of my vacation days i have spent
what type of pizzas are available for dinner
what town were you born in
what is happening this weekend
do i have enough to cover new skis in my bank of america account
Where can I receive my card?
There was an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawal!
Play <song name>
go to next episode
brighten the lights in this room
create a list of books to be ordered
get me a ride on the commuter train from nj to ny
What is the rate for exchange fees?
please speak again.
toss a coin i will take heads
Do I have a say when it's delivered?
do i have enough money in my chime bank account to take ashley to the movies tuesday
Can I pay more to get it deliver quicker?
Do I have anything scheduled tomorrow from noon to 3:00 PM?
repeat the music
tell me the artist name
walk me through applying for a visa card
i want to hear a joke that’s funny
tell me any yard sales happening
The app doesn't believe that I am me
How do I transfer money into my account?
Can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow?
What can I and can't do with the disposable cards?
can you change to the whisper voice setting
hi, can you tell me the interest on my ira
Open fishdom game
I received my American Express card, but I am having problems making it work with Apple pay.  Can you help me with this problem?
How many payments can I make using a virtual card?
Remove 7am alarm.
should i use premium gas with this car
How old do I have to be to open an account?
Tell me if I have any new messages in my inbox.
i need reviews for places serving tacos in chicago
Why is the payment on my card still pending?
I need you to delete my account now.
PDA play my workout playlist.
what is price of dollar
call pizza hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms
i am going to travel to mexico soon; do i need to get a visa
What has shown up in the news recently?
Weather today
Can I deposit a check?
it's wonderful.
Play for me Rock music
How can I cancel my transfer?
alarm
I've tried several times to make a payment and every time my card is declined? Could my card be locked? I don't know what to do.
wassup
Please recite the items on my grocery list.
Did Ashwin joined party yesterday?
What time zone is Arizona in?
play ping pong
thanks so much ai
i'm going to need a hotel room for 8 people in tallahassee from 3/10 until 3/12
purchase a computer for me
are there any trips to location a provided by the train
meeting next week monday
any one would be good for me.
i need to report that my card has been lost
which day will it be five days from now
Where is Justin Beiber from?
I would like a cup of coffee
Play dev43 song by frubs artist
If I want to send out more cards, do you charge extra for that?
meaning of life
make a list of numbers for me
Play pop
I've made a card payment a couple of days ago now but it looks like the money is stuck. How long does it typically take for the payment to go through?
send a message to bill@mail.com
why has a cash withdrawal charged me?
I just got an error message saying my transfer is not possible? Why is that? I've transferred money before and it worked without problem
Is there a problem with receiving my salary in GBP?
buy tickets for a flight from nyc to la on march 1, returning on march 5
Open grocery shopping list and remove bananas.
I want to request a physical card
Card payment has be declined.
Open the phonebook and find the contact x(contact name)
Where is X located?
wonderful response to command.
the name i go by is sandy
send a complaint tweet.
keep playing secret garden
I'm tired of all the problems I've had. I want to quit this account!
show me all the shops that i can find in milan
Have I received any emails from Tim?
What is the exchange between dollar and British pound
Why wouldn't a transfer go through?
can i get a jeep to rent in bangor from the first of the month to a week after the first
romantic light setting please
turn up the lights in the living room
you understood command perfectly.
what is the recipe for apple pie
what is the routing number for my wells fargo account
what is glass made of?
how long is it until my credit card expires
play my post-rock playlist
at what time should i be boarding my flight
can you tell me today's date
define swerving
i want my savings account pin to be 1234 from now on
What currencies do you offer?
would you provide me with italian cuisine dinner suggestions
please let me know the morning alarm time for weekdays
Remind me of the meeting on 1/22
What is the cost for currency exchanges?
I would like to get your card in EU. Is that possible?
My American express is experiencing a problem with apple play with top up, can you fix it?
shit, you made a mistake, please correct this.
I would like to know the answer to that maths question
i want to schedule a meeting with tom for 6pm
start cleaning
it was wonderful, thank you very much.
Can I have it be delivered at a certain time?
I need a new Pin how do I go about that?
May I know the traffic situation
Delivery from dominos.
change the colours please
let me know when charges hit my credit card
remove eric name
please turn your speaker volume up
can you tell me some strategies for raising my credit score
I would like to retract my purchase.
Where can the card be used?
My cash transaction isn't showing on my account
please add bananas to my shopping list unless i already did
please add watering the plants to my current to do list
please check and confirm the last thing i said.
what is the time train coming from sacramento
tell me how many teaspoons are in two cups
if my car battery is dead, what action do i need to do
Why was my transfer stopped ?
call and order pizza for delivery
rowan atkinson info
what area did you come from
Please remove Dallas from my travel itinerary
I'm trying to verify my top up card, how do I do that?
remove this event from my calender
i really enjoy this song
can you tell me how to change my oil
Can money be exchanged from one currency to another?
Are you sure when the withdrawal will show?
open pandora and play top hits
yeap exact response to command.
i would not really know.
what is the time in hyderabad
no, i think you've done a task all in wrong manner.
help me find my credit score
how long can i keep deer meat in the freezer before it's unedible
please see if you can increase my credit limit to one thousand dollars
create a meeting event in my calendar
help me find where i am
switch off the light on the left
Schedule a meeting with Matt at 11am on Thursday.
call me an uber please
remove my reservation at outback for timmy
pls add list of friends to invite for the party
please will you confirm command.
Why on earth do you need so much personal id info from me?
set a reminder for tomorrow evening
are you from here or somewhere else originally
is it going to rain later
can you do a british male accent
could you tell me it once more please.
Please play the song Games by Disturbed
start the robotic vacuum
Is country better today or 10 years ago?
can you sign me up for a meeting in the blue room on friday
How much does it cost to exchange my balance into a foreign currency?
who crafted you
The transger I tried to make failed.
how long does bread last in the freezer
I have an unauthorized direct debit on my account
Hey Google, what time does the DART Orange Line leave for West Plano?
Can you tell me what the transfer policy is?
Remind me if I miss my evening walk routine
The app isn't showing my transactions
WHO IS THE PRESIDENT OF AMERICA?
can you make me a cup of coffee
would you please check and confirm it.
Can I top up any amount?
explain my health benefits
Tell me my list names.
My statement shows a strange direct debit.
How can correct Top up with the app to work correctly?
remind me at 5:00pm that I have a meeting
How do I get a real card?
will you confirm what last said please.
How busy am I this week?
add TAL meeting this thursday to calendar
Please look up local restaurants that are open now.
What's Bob Scrote's net worth?
Wgat time is the train passing by
Can I top up online?
what day is the fifteenth
it was good job, i appreciate it, olly.
news
start using a different accent
list the current price of microsoft shares
how much did i spend on gas the past month
please reply to the email
Change light color
When is my anniversary?
show shops around second street
Please help me.  I am still waiting on a refund.
What is the strange cash withdrawal on my statement?
that is of no importance, olly.
please add johndoe@yahoocom to my contact list
how much can i bleed before i die
can you please further clarify me about it.
do i have the contact of tara john
I didn't get a PIN yet. What gives?
Show me news from CNN for today.
Make me laugh, I want to hear a joke.
how much is amazon stock
I noticed that the exchange rate applied to a recent purchase I made abroad was incorrect.
I ordered a card and would like to know how to track the delivery progress of it.
please find out of charley's steakhouse delivers
Give me some good sounds
Is there any way I can get more physical cards to use with my account?
Is there a way to get a virtual card?
please stop the current process
add a new list
what is the day now
do i have any new facebook notifications
I want to top up by cheque
how old are you exactly
it seems like the answer was not correct.
Can you tell me why my card keeps getting declined every time I try to use it?
will you let me know what my spending limit is
The ATM won't give me my card back. I need it back now!
Why has my card payment been declined?
area of north america
If I am running low on credit can I auto top up?
tell me chase's routing number
Can I use a disposable virtual card for any purchase?
i want a meeting to be scheduled
ai shake the dice in a cup, then throw dice on table
How does a disposable virtual card work?
Why am I being asked to have an identity check
Please remove that event.
When was the song playing now released?
If I transfer money from my bank to top-up my account will I be charged?
Help me!  When I was abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
are an an ai
what's on my list of things to remember
What ATMs can I use my card at?
no, you gave me incorrect information.
for travel to argentina, do i need to get a travel visa
how long do money transfers take?
have pho send three egg rolls
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
dim the lights please
What time is it in Central time zone?
i need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
what's the month that my card expires
when will I get my refund?
begin vacuum
for toby's, is it busy around six
Is there any place I cannot use my card?
I want the coffee machine to make me coffee.
meeting update my calendar to reflect meeting
There is a strange payment on my card.
Is there a limit to how high I can top-up?
any event message is available in last two days
Why did the funds not transfer to another recipient?
I was abroad and needed some cash, but I think the wrong exchange rate was applied to the transaction.
what's the address for alex
give me the details on elton john
please tell me my pin number for my synovus account
new customer and filling gas for the first time today, not working,
I am wondering if International Transfers take longer. I a made a transfer from France two days ago and believed it would be here already. Please let me know when I will get it!
do i have anything on my todo list about shoveling snow
do they deliver
i don't mind for whatever.
can you please clarify me more on your answers.
Olly, give me a description of Iron Fist on netflix.
What does myrmidon mean?
i am express delivering my card to the us, how long will that take
Gather all my songs from Madonna
tell me when i'll need new tires
I know this very late, but I just went through my statements from the last couple months and there's one quite large-ish payment that I definitely haven't made. Is it still possible to dispute it?
please change time zone to india
I don't have the device I used to log onto the platform so I can't access it.
I hope to get a Visa card
Are there train tickets available between Seattle and New York City
Will it be possible to change from USD to GBP with this App?
s1, please explain further on your words to me.
open derek's contact information
what is the equivalent of, 'life is good' in french
I transferred my funds, why did it not go through?
Please know that today I had a meeting with George
What type of learning system do you use?
What is the purpose of life?
set alarm for 12 weeks from today at 8am
change the media room lights from purple to green
I want to change my PIN.
Tweet company about their service
tell me the traffic at lexington
is there enough money in my discover account for airplane tickets
i wish to know my credit score
remove milk from my grocery list
Send reply to email
would you set the coffee maker running
i have a false charge on my account from mcdonald's
i want to pay my house bill
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
would you tell me what i said one more time again.
info of rowan atkinson
will you roll a 6 sided dice
I have kids and I'm curious at what age could they start to use your service.
play indi song from fm
Please save my rating on this song.. it is <insert rating here>
turn the lamp off
freeze my bank account
I want some stock on nintendo
What happens when a payment is reverted?
Whats the latest?
Play station gx in the radio
please explain me about your words once again.
I need to check status as my friend hasn't got money I sent.
that'd be a no
lights color red
is spaghetti healthy
When is my next reminder?
I would like to verify the source of my money
Now what?
go through my reminder list with me please
what day does my birthday fall on next year
is it gonna be cloudy
turn on my tunes
advance to the next song
i want to report fraudulent activity on my navy federal card
display current time
what is the derivative of x squared plus 5
yes you've gotten my instructions correcly.
I suspect someone used my card.
any festivals in town at this time or in the coming week
find me a flight from tijuana to guadalajara on volaris
what are the details on my health care plan
using this playlist, play next song
What is a good way to make turkey meatballs?
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
how is your day
call alex
What should I do if I have used all of my PIN tries?
Can I have more than one card?
when is my order arriving
Why are you charging me for ATM withdrawal? It has always been free before.
please would you tell me that once again.
did i put elbow noodles on the shopping list
please remove this alarm
tell me about mary s. in my contacts
what's the rate between the u. s. d. and ukraine's currency
what things do you do for fun
When does the super bowl officially start?
Tell me the currencies that you support.
Jay's phone number
is it ok to lower tge lights
start a gossip
Why do you ask for top-up verification?
I got a message that my transfer is not possible.  What is happening?  I need this to go through please.
How do I close my account, since I'm dissatisfied?
What's my limit for topping up?
who invented you
can you let me know my credit card's apr
Why was my withdrawal declined
please decrease the volume of music player.
that is nice work, thanks.
I need assistance with understanding which fiat currencies that you support.
you have done it right thanks, olly.
what is the minimum i can pay for my light bill
could you tell me what kind of money i've recently spent
Is there any new news on Trump?
tell me the name of the composer
will i get charged extra for using my card while in tulsa
on the button of cleaner
give me a movie for tonight
My identity verification is not working.
i don't care, olly.
A fee that shouldn't be there is there after using my card!
I want to cancel a transaction.
please turn lights off
The card PIN?
do my tires have enough air in them
Should I just wait until the post office sends a change of address form?
I'm trying to transfer money into my account.
check my list
where are the good thai restaurants in atlanta
Schedule a meeting on Tuesday
if i use applesauce instead of oil, will that mess it up
minimum payment of my bill please
i would like to listen to howard stern on ninety seven point nine fm
you helped a lot, thank you so much.
do i need a vaccination to go to china
ask a pub in My area
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY TEMPLE RUN GAME FOR ME.
i do not really mind for any one.
in which timezone is jamaica
Why did my my transfer get declined?
How do I reverse a transaction on my account?
that was useful, i appreciate it.
What foreign exchange rate will I get on weekdays and on the weekends?
please tell my location to bob
remind this event in future
Are there any new videos on the youtube for New York Times?
I have been charged a fee, I didn't know about this fee before! When do you charge extra for card payments?
what time is it in a city
tell me what's on my todo list
How do I deposit my paycheck to this account?
what is a stock price of tata
do i have an alarm set for tomorrow
remove cereal from my shopping list
start the satellite music feed
vacuum cleaner start
i would like to know how much i pay in taxes
google calendar
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
if i want to direct deposit my paycheck, what info do i need
play marvin gaye i want you
play for me american idol on television
oh that's perfect job.
How much does top up fees cost?
Why is my identification required?
what's the amount of vacation days i've taken
what are the stock prices of target
what is the name of that song
Between 1990 and 2000 music album is only to be played.
What's go on, where is my new card?
Please explain why my top-up hasn't been processed yet?
Tell me about the schedule.
How long does a transfer take from the point it's sent, to the point it arrives in my account?
i did not hear what you said
hey olly mute the speakers
make an alarm for the morning
i had a long hard day
what is the expiration date for those eg
open contacts and find John smith
I withdrew cash and was charged
Turn the smart plug on
Showtimes for nearest theater
you rock, thank you so much, olly.
I cannot make a transfer to another account.
Please set an alarm at 6 am.
If I want my son to have his own account is that possible?
I am having issues using contactless payments, could my card be damaged?
can you read the things to me that are on my shopping list
Who gets support?
because of circumstances i don't need my reservation anymore
what is the traffic this morning
Do you know of any good free knitting patterns?
which plugs does england use
can i change you name to gretchen
let's try what you have said again.
Do I need to establish I am paid in GBP before a transfer?
Can you tell me if I can hold money in several currencies?
please order me a 7lb bag of world's best cat litter from targetcom
PDA name: Do have any new email?
We need both a visa and a Mastercard.
Play from my play list
How much of the earth is made up of water?
what is your country
I want to start using my card.
how will my drive me
how do i report a lost card
What list did I make today?
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train?
What are the top-up limits?
remove meeting for wednesday morning
i need to set reminder on 15th march
book a train ticket from orlando to chicago
Play latest country music releases
When I use my card, it says decline?
Can I have a second card issued to another family member?
Could you please send back to Pawel this answer
how often should you get an oil change
Can you play Katy Perry.
recommend a romantic comedy in me area
switch your language setting to english
nice job, you have done well.
Olly, what events are happening in Pondichery this weekend?
What's up with the extra fee I got?
Give me the date of Monday on third week of this month
how high is my credit limit for my bank of america card
how many weeks of vacation time do i have
start playing my song list
Please play Doluma from vedhalam
Convert time zone to ist
mario
send reply to joe
give me some lavender toned light
shut up please.
Ok Google! how long should i bake ziti in the oven?
what are exchange rates based on
Tweet a complaint to comcast
I used my card to make a payment a while ago and its still pending, Why is it taking so long?
is it ok if i start speaking to you in german
play for me the music by madonna
IS OBJECTS PREFERS ANY PROBLEMS
How long is the Nile river?
i really enjoyed sunny day today
Why would I have a pending payment?
i have had pizza in the fridge since monday, so is it safe to eat
please play the newest podcast
Olly does Sarah have a new email address listed?
Show results for cooking lasagna from web
I cannot prove my own identity.
set my alarm for six thirty in the morning tomorrow
My new card has arrived, what's the activation procedure?
There's a debit on my account that I didn't do.
Make a 'to-do' list while visting the Yellowstone National Park.
turn off room lights
If I lost my phone at the hotel, can I still use the app?
play me john's podcast
hmm, not correct response.
Show me how can my friends top up my account.
Activate a 1 week notification before my anniversary please.
what type of fuel do i need to use to fill the car up with
can you please unlock my bank account
I tried to withdraw 40 pounds but only 20 came out. Did you steal my money?
I have made a payment by my card, and its still pending since a long time. Could you please tell me when it will process.
turn on the smart plug
save the information which is provided by aman on this song
which holiday is next in line
can you check what the problem with my account is, it seems to b e blocked
what is the biggest blockbuster this week
How is the top-up card verified?
please make a reservation for us at joy bar for 4 adults
would you check and confirm the details please.
It was a bery hectic workday
how come i am being denied access to my bank account
vaccines for my trip to cuba
tell me the names on the list
I tried to make a transfer and it didn't work.
i want to know the carry on policy for aeromexico
i want to listen to treasure island by robert louis stevenson
what's the current status of the credit card i applied for
yeah correct response to command.
When is the next train to Center City Philadelphia?
Play Hungry Eyes.
There is a payment done with my card which i definitely did not do.Never seen that name before.
I've used my account frequently over the last month to manage my payments from abroad for my new place. I noticed that my fees have suddenly increased. As a frequent customer, shouldn't I be rewarded rather than suddenly being subject to a new fee?
My app shows some cash I didn't get.
beep when i get an email from john
Can I have it by a certain date?
tell me what is on my reminder list
Call Domino's Pizza
Mark my budget meeting down for every Friday at 2.
card is being used by someone else
have i got any new email from my company
My transfer was rejected
book please
Will it cost anything to top up a US card?
i'd like you confirm it please.
please turn on my balcony lights
I need Australian dollars instead of UK currency.
PDA: I'm tired of Pandora, please turn on the radio
what are my favorite types of music
can you find me a pork recipe
Listen to Duncan Trussel's latest podcast.
will you help me book a place to stay from monday to friday in pittsburgh
what will i need to jump start a dead car
just cancel.
change the name of your system
i need to know how to get my car jump started
what is the updated points that i earned with synovus card
Start podcast, MLB daily.
Can I have more than one disposable card?
i need to wake up make me the strongest coffee you can make
whatever is good with me, olly.
turn room lights off now
Do you take checks?
did you get what i just said correctly?
Do you have to be 18 to make an account?
How old must I be to open an account?
is there a way i can see source of money?
Please find the most popular store in the area.
I need to figure out this percentage.
I need to something every monday set a reminder for it
i wish to know your hobbies
save my opinion on the currently playing song
the time the meeting start
How do I use the disposable cards?
Select the item
When can I expect my card to arrive?
olly please just stop.
Do they have any events going on downtown this weekend?
What do I do if I can't prove my identity?
resume mind reading book
Send an email to qerwerq@dfasdfa.com
Why is the exchange rate for my payment incorrect?
mute for fifteen minutes
in five sentences let me know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey
i want to make sour dough bread please find a good recipe for me
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on something I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
take out available louies
I ordered a card and would like to know how to track the delivery progress of it.
i am sorry but i think it is not the right command.
how high is the apr on my mastercard
let me know when you were born
Is there always a charge when withdrawing money?
tell me the lateest rending news of this week
has john replied to my facebook post
Why did I only receive a partial amount of what I tried to withdraw?
What is my schedule for the day?
could you change the lights colour to green please
i wanna have an appointment to get my oil changed
what is this thing
report that i split my card
speak loudly
remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow
PDA, open memos
Olly, Whats the dow jones at today?
start play johns audiobook
Put the current song on repeat.
I want to start using my card, how do I activate it?
Can I use visa or mastercard with your service
i want to cash out my credit card points
Can I use my card anywhere?
want to wake up can you order a cappochino
There must have been a mistake, why was I charged an extra pound?
send an email to john (body)
What day of the week is the youth charity event?
call me at six am
My PIN is not working and I need assistance.
what is the time for a tire change
Play the football game on the radio
please check my reminders
The last Friday of the month lands on what day?
you did amazing work,.
What are my bank details so I can do a transfer?
the milk will expire when
help me figure out the meaning of life
tell me some fun activities to do in oklahoma city
How much will I be charged for a cross-currency exchange?
i need to bring my car in because the check engine light is staying lit
I made a cash withdraw and it shows up as pending why is that?
it is unimportant with me, olly.
remove apples from my shopping list
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
Are there any latest news?
is there a reservation available at ruth chris today
How much would it cost to buy a share of Target?
save my opinion about the current song playing
I need to cancel a purchase that I made the other day.
set a reminder to remind me to check when my car payment is
what's the date today
i'm in need of checks for bank of america
is traffic heavy on route eighty today
Remove Emma's birthday from events
can i find out information about a contact
is there anything new on snapchat
Tell me how a top up would be reverted.
My payment has an incorrect exchange rate.
what's the routing number for my chase account
You advertise no fee when paying with a card then my statement shows a fee.
How simple is it to transfer money into my account?
yeah wonderful.
tell me straight if it has been processed or not
it is not what i just requested.
Order a 12 piece honey mustard wing combo with seasonimg altnon the fries and a sprite as the drink.
would not really mind.
what's the traffic like right now for my route to work
get recipe for apple pie
What is the rate for exchange fees?
make me laugh
Is there a way to see my money's source?
What do I do for the identity check?
keep me informed about <unk>
what items do i need to do
stop that
Put on a playlist of Danish music.
tell me what is on the list
How is the traffic in Broadway street?
i need to transfer one thousand dollars to my savings account from my checking
olly that's all, just stop.
sunny in oslo
remind me at the start of each month
Are there any sort of fees involved for top of transfers?
The exchange rate was not correct for the item I bought.
What's the latest news from CNN?
start playing again
please once again explain.
would you replay please.
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
can you start ryan seacrest
what's the possibility of getting a credit limit increase on my visa
book ola for airport today evening
Is the weekly weather supposed to be good this week?
I a having trouble proving my identity
let's try what you have just said one more time please.
thank you so much for your helping.
events in the local area
can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston
please shut off the kitchen lights
show conversion rate of u. s. d. and euro
i've notified my bank that i'm in mexico from august 1 to august 5
where did my funds come from?
you've done a task all in wrong manner.
play titanic title song
Update to current time
whats around, PDA.
How can my friend give me money?
How old does my daughter need to be to have her own account?
i got a new job, can you help me with my 401k rollover
What extra charges are there?
Delete my lunch from my calendar scheduled for tomorrow
Can I also transfer with SWIFT?
Why do you need all this information about my Source of Funds?
what kind of oil do i need to change the oil in my car
what is the correct way to say 'i am a visitor' in french
is it possible to drive now in ohio
please link up to my cell
give me all my recent emails
I noticed my exchange rate was incorrect when I got cash.
Why are all my transfers failing?  I have the details right and they won't complete.  I've been trying all day and they still won't go through, this is URGENT, please help.
open note pad
remove six am alarm of whole week for future
Delete my workout from today.
Is there an amount limit to my top-up?
play for me american idol on television
tell me something funny about dogs
what's the best place to travel to this time of year
what's the exchange rate between dollars and pesos
how much air are in my tires
My address is incorrect on my file.
I transferred money and it didn't get there.
will you please play the next episode of podcast
i recently got a new job and need assistance with my 401k rollover
Play Duncan Trussel's latest podcast.
oh it's perfect work.
play bbc radio
Is Fox News reporting any breaking news at this time?
Listen to music of genre
what have i spent on food recently
turn off the wemo plug socket
house lights blue
would you try that words spoke one more time again.
when do i have to pay my internet bill by
I was supposed to get a refund but it is not showing up on my card
want to play a game with me
send sal a text and tell them thanks
Please find today's forecast
i wanna know what kinds of pets you have
lets play poker
what alarms are set
create a new text
My payment for my card is not working
what's the expiration for steak
do i have a party tomorrow save on my calendar
I was double charged at a restaurant can you take the second charge off?
What is the procedure for depositing a virtual card
I think there may be something wrong with my card. I have never had issues with withdraws before, but this morning on the way to work it was suddenly declined.
translate for me hello into french
can you make the lights go out
let me know when the next cold front is expected
add bread to my list of groceries
tell me the currency conversion rate from kurus to euros
appreciated, that's good.
I'm trying to transfer money into my account.
Why is the fee for taking money out so high?  I feel I was overcharged and I would have never used this ATM if I would have known ahead of time.
i can't find my luggage
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
i want to know if my application for a credit card at community bank has been approved or not
can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area
tell me a blonde joke
next song
How can I find your exchange rates?
the temperature of the ac, what is it at
Your volume is too high, please repeat that lower.
power off the current
do you know how to refer to me
switch tv
tell me how to say hello in chile
convert time zone
If I bought something I didn't like, can I get a refund?
What does it mean to call someone a snowflake?
is there any construction on route sixty six
does my mastercard have any rewards points remaining
Why haven't I gotten my new card?
Put on some love songs.
tell me a joke about chickens
i need an uber for 5 people to go to wendys
warm wishes to mac for new job
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
How is an exchange rate calculated?
turn off the socket
How do i transfer money using my credit card?
Please read what is on my grocery list.
what subjects do you like
change the color of lights
give the dice a roll
google train tickets to washington dc
how come my withdrawal rate is wrong for my cash withdrawal
does not matter.
traffic please
can you tell me about the alarm called bed
find auto store that tests dead car batteries for free
i need a train ticket to denver
you have done that correctly thanks.
musch appreciated, it's good work.
I received the wrong amount of cash.
play classical music
What are the lyrics to this song playing
remind me about my monday meeting with peter francis fifteen minutes before the meeting
Please schedule an appointment at my doctor for a prostate exam on Friday.
There should be a cash withdrawal that I haven't seen yet.
i like you check what i last said please.
what is the song on speaker
book me a train ticket to chicago for tomorrow morning before ten
idk
what is the air pressure of my tires
what is the title of the song
tune to pandora
More fees, this time for withdrawing my own cash. Why are you robbing me?
The ATM wouldn't let me withdraw cash.
what time is it currently in istanbul
tell me what to enter into my gps for my current location
My funds must be verified
when do i have to renew my card so it doesn't expire
define epicurean
What's the weather now?
Erase previous list.
While I was checking out in the grocery store, I realized I needed cash so I requested some.  However, I noticed there was a fee for this transaction.  Why did I get charged a fee?
please add smithjoe@email dot com to the contact information for joe smith
compose a mail for jack
will jet blue allow more than one carry on
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
website to start aaa new insurance plan
why are the funds in my bank account frozen
When will my top up be applied?
I had a problem with my burger can you tweet BK
take tennis practice off my to do list
what is level of traffic at washington
I don't recognize this payment at all!  Help!
have i been approved for vacation yet
get recipe for apple pie
Show me the time.
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
how long should the drive to work take
is that song from shakira
My card has gone missing.
I tried to get cash in the ATM but it was not approved
I initiated a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending", how long will it take to clear?
how safe is it to visit spain
Weather in Paris
get me resume of best seller audio book this month
Go back to the last episode in this podcast.
make up a new alarm
so what is my current name saved as
what information can i ask you
after going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a pretty large charge that I know I did not make. I know it's been a while but can I still dispute this charge?
i need to find my luggage
thanks for the answer.
If I top up using a European card is there a charge?
alexa update my list with shoes
how many hours difference is there between london and new york
how many wives does the ceo of enron have
what's today's high and low
How many alarams are set?
What cards do you accept to top up my account?
list the lists i have
what gas do i need to fill the car up with
Is there a reason why my virtual card won't work?
no lunch date tomorrow
can i transfer money i the app
i want to listen to some gospel music
inform my bank i'm traveling to australia between february 23rd to february 25th
go to the event day and delete
Hello is this your first time here?
What do I do to lock my phone after losing it so my account isn't accessed
describe london for me please
on what date do i get paid
tell me what i have on my shopping list
Is there a reason my top-up has not gone through?
Can you help me get a disposable virtual card?
Can I top up using an international card
answer was right.
i want to report a damaged card that my cat shredded with its claws
please put a block on my wells fargo account
how do i get into my account and edit my details
what is the purpose of existence
add a five am alarm in place of my nine pm alarm
where can i use this word
I paid for something in foreign currency but noticed the exchange rate is incorrect.
how much for a physical card?
have the vacuum cleaner clean the room
Where do I go to reset the passcode?
save the opinion that i just posted to this song
Where is my pin? I don't have it yet
find a chow mein recipe for me, please
reply back to this email
book an Uber for 1 hour from now
what subjects are you familiar with
what is the deepest point on earth?
What I am going to do today
how much is two thousand yen in u. s. d.
bring up a new shopping list
Am I able to have a card sent to China?
what day of the week does the twenty second fall on this month
Any hidden fees associated with the international card if money is added?
tell me where my phone is
spin a coin
Do I have any new friend requests?
what time is it in london
please set the temperature to 70 f
let me know the wait on a replacement credit card
I noticed that there was an extra charge fee on my account. Could You explain to me why?
how much is the minimum payment on my chase card
can you check and confirm what said please.
directions please
Delete my shopping list
are you real
roll a pair of six sided dice
I tired to deposit some cash into my account but it's not there
what is the capital of new hampshire
Tell me when my next doctors appointment is?
let me know what's on my shopping list
delete that item from my list
My balance didn't change after I transferred some money.
how is the traffic now
What sort of restrictions are there for the disposable cards?
send this emai to reply to the latest emails
you understood me incorrect.
bring up all the runner lights
Read available lists.
What do I do now my credit card has been swallowed by the ATM?
when's my flight getting here
i can't seem to find my phone
What are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox?
i'm going to be in thailand from october 15th until october 23rd
clear all from <unk>
find out what wait times are like right now at olive garden
evaluate today's schedule
Include this.
exchange rate for converting ten dollar to euro
Hey PDA, has John sent me any email lately?
please turn the fan on
back one episode
How will be the weather today in the afternoon
my bank needs to know about my traveling to georgia in europe
How do I add a card to the app?
clear list things to do this weekend
i want to change the oil in my car but i do not know how to do it can you help
olly can you shut off.
Please play football with me
please put annie's baby shower on march 30 in my calendar
email mahmoud
Open chess app and begin game
Tweent samsung and tell them to stop killing people with their products.
send email to newmail@gmail dot com
name some awesome things about dogs
it appears that my luggage has vanished
Will it be good to buy NIKE stock today
I'd like to play UNO with you
got that exactly.
post i am happy to facebook
How can I exchange USD and GBP in the app?
i'm i okayed for vacation time
lower the lights please
that's great one, appreciated.
my luggage appears to be lost
strong lt angree
do i need a visa to go to greece
Why wouldn't the ATM give me my money?
check on the delivery of my current order
please order one train ticket to los angeles
i want to know what sort of things you can assist me with
I want a reason as to why my beneficiary is not allowed?
what restrictions do my carry-ons need to comply with for delta
I'm supposed to be getting a refund but it hasn't shown up, now what?
update me on the status of my credit card application
tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
Has Tom emailed me about ammunition?
do i have any calendars set for may 12th
go to the next episode in this podcast
Can you tell me where to find top up by cash deposit?
show me rediff masala
fantastic response.
close the light
When was Angelina Jolie born
My Netflix subscription says that there is an issue with my card information, but I thought everything was fine. Why would it be declined?
when is my order coming
how does merriam webster define ultra?
is there any traffic on my way to work
Are there any unread messages in my inbox?
remove 'buying eggs' item from to do list
give me the list of the top five safest cars to buy
can you help me understand why my card got declined
is there a way to do top up with apple pay
what is the birthday of hemingway
what do you mean by saying that.
could you make reservations for 2 at olive garden for 5 pm today
what are the latest photos on my instagram account
i do have a to do list for today don't i
How long does a UK transfer take?
please check the command.
How soon will my balance be updated to reflect my transfer?
what kind of weather does miami have
it's a bit dark increase lighting
Play yesterday's Hot 97 morning show
when is the next day i get paid
hey siri play the radio
it's cool, thanks.
Why do you have the identity check
cash in rewards for my visa card
what bands are playing close by
I think there has been a mistake on my exchange rate for this purchase.
please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
Does my favorite restaurant do delivery?
Have Halifax shares gone up today?
tell my bank i am taking a trip to brazil from june 1st to july 1st
What's going on around the neighborhood?
yeap affirmative.
I need two cards. Is this possible?
scan the radio for howard stern
how old are you now
Tell me how to setup a new PIN.
My cheque is taking a while
show me the recipe for cookies
I would like to know why I was charged twice for my purchase.
how is jennifer garner's career doing
what is the top up limit
How come you charge for cash withdrawals? I withdrew cash after buying groceries today, and there seems to be a new fee
check with my bank to see why my account is frozen
please play the podcast from happypeoplecom
how long before i'm on e
loop this track
make a taxi booking in uber
do you think today will be nice out
which rules does delta have for carry on
set a meeting with hongbin
Explain it
reset my locations list
get us spaghetti from pizza hut
do not mind for any one.
When will a transfer reach my account?
Olly, find me an audio book version of Ready Player One and play it for me
that is all, stop it.
please reserve me a table for 2 pm at maxwell's on the 14th
What is the expected delivery date for my card?
can you pair yourself with my phone please
resume the art of war
what is the mean sea level of that place.
I tried to top up. Why was it denied?
My new landlord is a lier and is trying to rip me off by saying I've not paid my rent when I have paid my rent.  What is going on?  They say the money hasn't got to them but I see it going out of my account.  Can you check that the money went to the right place?
what's the current tire pressure of my tires
I hate this ATM, it charged me an extra fee, Why did it charge?
i would like to make a pto request for july 17th and 18th
schedule a lunch meeting with brent on Wednesday at noon
have i gotten any emails lately
what is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
change to girl voice
you are hero, appreciated.
how can i order more checks since i do not have any more
Explain quantum physics to me in language I understand.
you've got your understanding correcly.
Play Enrique
My transfer is quite urgent, and finally worked out, but I've been waiting for it for quite some time. Can you tell me how long to expect to wait for it?
thanks for that response
Which cards and currencies are supported?
what is the timezone for paris
Repeat all.
don't really bother.
fairwell
what is the remainder of my starbucks rewards balance
put in an alarm for 5pm
i want whisper mode
what are your favorite things to do
Can I create my own top-up limit?
radio 95.5
Where is Stockton, California?
add dan's email
When my card expires, will I get a new one mailed to me?
where can i find my w2 as i need it for tax reasons
brighten the light of hall
Will I need to order a new card since mine expires next month?
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to nj today
what's the going rate between usd and cad
How old do my kids need to be to use your service?
I was charged twice for a restaurant, can you take the second charge off?
What do I need to do to exchange my money?
What do you think?
Whats happening in football today?
when did this song come out
create a new to do list
could you shut up.
Let's see whats around, PDA.
What is this cash withdrawal I don't recognize?
I want you to remind me about the evening program
Why am I unable to verify my id?
Why would i not be able to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
i agree
when's my flight boarding
please call the golden fork and tell them to deliver one portion of the fish risotto
say again please
set my alarm for six am tomorrow
order pizza
Let's play (specific song/genera/ station)
post my current location on instagram
olly find any alarms i have set for today
give me the time left before i get to the hotel
Give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery.
Find events near by
it's exact.
Do you accept cheques for top-up?
How do I use the app to exchange currencies?
help me get w-2 form
is my savings interest rate too high
what color is a dragon fruit
I'm not sure why my account has been refunded a payment for an item I've already received about 2 weeks ago. Can you please tell me what is going on?
anything else left on the list
put milk on my shopping list
play 987FM
I'm interested in learning more about disposable virtual cards.
Where can I find out where my funds came from?
continue playing my audiobook
Why is my 'top up' not showing up in my wallet?
Why isn't my topup working?
i need to know how many r's are in restaurant
I tried activating my plug-in and it didn't piece of work
Why is the exchange rate on my card payment different than I expected?
how many euros can i exchange for 200 yen
please put radio in shuffle
Remind me about meeting next week
Is my calendar empty?
forget it, i do not need it anymore
Can you tell me about these disposable virtual cards?
i'm in the mood for slow songs and nothing else
resume harry potter book 1
I just made a transfer from a UK account. How long does that typically take to show up? I just want to make sure it worked alright.
latest events
What time and day is it today?
explain further please.
tell me any events scheduled on my calendar for april 15
purchase me dog food
Please play Gary's podcast
whats two hundred divided by five
tweet consumer compalint
can you please provide me with assistance in moving money from one account to another
you are hero, thank you very much.
get a text to mark
how much vacation time have i accrued
please ask mr coffee to make a latte
Tell me what's going on in my city
look for different recipes
launch game
Where do my available funds come from?
Report weather for Largo.
i want you to tell me my credit card's apr
please answer jean's email
i like you to confirm question please.
please make me wake up at four am tomorrow
reply 'thank you' to john
Can I top-up as much as I want?
I was told that withdrawing cash from the ATM is free, but I'm charged a fee. Why is this?
Do you know which businesses will accept my card?
tell me the time in las vegas
Play the Billboard top 10.
Is there any festivals this weekend?
Why is the cash withdraw I made shown as pending?
There is a fee for a transfer, please explain that to me.
I transferred money to a receiver within the EU and they received a lesser amount than expected.  Now I will have to send additional money to the receiver in order to make up the difference.  I'm not sure what went wrong, can you please advise?
i am sorry but i think that's not correct command.
I want to hear country music
lets solve the puzzle
Is my card accepted everywhere?
what do you do in your down time
Why is a transfer I did recently still processing?
can you repeat please.
What is a substitute for margarine?
Check time of kalka train From jodhpur station on monday
am i able to put in a pto request for may 6 to may 18
what is the wake up time for my alarm i have set for the flight this weekend
Please book a train ticket for me.
schedule my meeting with my girlfriend lisa in the night today at nine pm
I'd like to know what time it is right now.
my credit rating is what
can i get delivery from this restaurant
Ok Google, I want listen to Kevin and Bean
are there any detours that i need to know about
tell me what the interest rate is on my personal loan through chase
if I have $20 in japanese money what does it equal to in american currency alexa
recommend a movie which is released last Friday
i would like to hear the last one spoken again.
What do I do if the machine rejects my card?
switch off all lights
notify me when the event is going to take place
what is the word?
My refund is not here yet
is there any opinions on the sushi at yakamoto
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
please start the song penny lane
How many floors does the Empire State Building have?
Why would I be charged an extra fee while doing a transfer?
Check wikipedia for a definiton of the word homosapien.
Do I have to manually top-up my account each time or will it do it on its own?
post in FB my birthday event
I want to link my new card. Can you help?
save to contacts
how long does it take to get to red robin on phoenix
Show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
please start joe rogan podcast please
what time is it in New york
tell me about the stock for shell
what album is this song on
Initialize the robot vacuum.
can you please repeat my list back to me
this room lights off
I purchased this item and would like a refund
It is 10:00 am in Eastern Standard Time, what time it is now it Pacific Standard Time?
start my robot vacuum cleaner
i want to hear the next song
Please resume my music
remind me in time to do thing
Please play NPR Podcast
save the information which is provided by aman on this song
Hearing about your verification results from us may take anywhere from 10 minutes to approximately one hour.  If this verification has in fact, failed, double-check to make sure that your images are clear.  Also make sure that your document photos have no blur or glare. They need to be readable.  You must also be 18 years of age or older and be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open an account.
How do I unblock my PIN?
schedule for this weekend
I desperately need to transfer something from China, Please give me the wait time.
sound off please
tell me the names on the list
how heavy is traffic on interstate twenty
Write a tweet telling Macy's that they should be shutting down instead of JCPenney.
Is there any cost to change foreign money to local?
i gotta change your name to remy
Hello,  I have recharged topup but account is not credited. Please help me in this, i guess there is some defect in system.
Why hasn't my payment shown up yet?
i want to put in a request for pto from may 5 to may 12
Olly what is the song?
would you check and confirm question please.
turn down volume
Keep looking for more detailed info on the annual tea party and inform me accordingly.
I live in the EU.  Can I order one of your cards?
my calendar is to be updated with all rccg event in march
off the plug
please add to "kids" playlist
what time does the train from new york come in
How can I tell where the money came from?
Help me cancel a transaction.
When I want to transfer money to my account, how can I do that?
i need you to switch the language you are responding as i don't understand
which type of pet would you rather possess, a cat or a dog
i like this song that is playing
is make a hair appointment on my todo list right now
how is my credit score rated
tell me what time my flight ought to be landing
What happens if I deposit a cheque accidentally?
How can I find out where the funds are flow?
What on earth is up with the exchange rate! This should have been a much higher amount of cash
i think my chase account has been compromised and fraud committed
My card didn't work at the ATM in Notting Hill.  Is my card working?
I need to add a serious amount of cash to my card, how do I do that?
got it exactly.
I bought something on line a and the seller hasn't received the money I sent could you please tell me how long an EU transfer takes?
can you confirm the details please.
Why didn't the ATM give me all my money
spell aaron for me
can you tell me what terse means
How old does my daughter need to be to have her own account?
Is there something wrong with the transferring functions? I keep trying to transfer funds and only get an error message.
no, this is not what i am looking for.
How to exchange my currency
Ok Google, what is a president?
Do i have any get-togethers this week?
Can you close my account please?
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I need some help.
Why did I have to pay a fee when I got cash?
its peaceful
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please help me with this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
Why is there a direct debit to my account? I didn't do that.
can i get peppers instead of onions
How do I use the disposable cards?
define elaborate
can you please turn up the lights
I have a new phone number and need to edit my contact information.
Can I get a mastercard?
what does this stitch long sleeved shirt look like
What is the timeframe for a transfer in Europe?
My payment has been declined, I thought this issue was fixed!
please delete all calendar events
I tried pulling out money at the ATM and it gave me an incorrect amount back.
what lists do you have on you right now
please specify if you are human or computer
i have suspicious charges on my discovery card
yes you've got command right.
What happens if my card expires?
What is the definition of inchoate?
what's the amount due on my vet and vehicle registration bills
@nikesupport i need some assistance regarding some shoes i bought last week
How many meetings do i have today from 9 to 5pm?
do I need to verify my identity before I can use my card?
how long do money transfers take?
My card is lost!  Please help me!
i withdraw cash from the ATM and was charged a fee
show me the one week forecast
At what time is my alarm set?
A payment in my account was made by someone I don't know
can you tell me what i have spent on food recently
google....
What city was Elvis born
what song is this
i want to cash my credit card points
made media volume louder
how far is the distance to rccg ikoyi lagos from here by train
Play my favourite podcast
i need to know my interest rate
play the bjork album i've heard the least
Do I need to verify my identity each time I wish to use my account?
What is the procedure for activating this card?
what is a work phone number of emilia
it was nice to speak with you
set up an alarm clock at 1pm
PLEASE TELL ME TO TAKE MY UMBERALA BECAUSE IT WILL BE VERY HOT TODAY.
do not make any noise until morning alarm
AAJ BAHUT HI GARMI HAI, HAI KI NAHIN ?
How long does it take for transfers to be approved?  I sent funds to my girlfriend, and she says that she has not seen any approved funds in her account.
How can I get a virtual card for a one-time transaction?
what am i being charged for my water bill
how long will it take me to get to park avenue considering current traffic
does applebee's have good reviews
PDA send email to Carl that I will be late for work tomorrow.
What's the exchange fee?
i am flying to finland and wanna know the carry-on rules
any alarms currently listed
find the events
increase the volume of the left speaker by ten
i wanna know the meaning of life
i need to find a good way to make chicken soup
Why couldn't I complete a transfer?
how long will eggs last in the fridge
set alarm for 5 am
play for me hip hop music
how can i spell avocado
tweet a disgusted face about mcdonalds
open lyrics name
someone stole my money
report a lost card here
you have got it correcly.
i will need a scarf in afternoon to overcome sunlight
get route for los angles from here
Am I allowed to use any card to make a payment?
can you check and confirm what said please.
use the name wheeler to reserve a table for 3 at andrea's steakhouse at 5pm
SHARE IN FRIENDS POST
Play some boy band music.
turn room lights off now
How do I get a new card as your machine swallowed mine!
Why was my payment declined? I keep trying my card but it's not working.
what is the status on my latest order
Where is the PIN number found?
set a reminder
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train
There is a charge for an additional pound.
My things were stolen and I need to know if I can still use this app.
have i been spending a lot on food lately
Why did I get charged one pound seemingly randomly?
when is my next appointment with dr smith
I am asking to end my account.
when do i owe the state payment for my car tags
What is the time in clock
make sure my flower bar reservation is scheduled for tomorrow
Tell me how to reset the passcode.
What happened to Fergie
when's pay day for me
i need the arrival time for new york train
tell me what you've just said once more please.
can you give me a vietnamese meal suggestion, please
send email too..
after 3 days in the fridge is rice safe to eat
Please add this song to my playlist favorites
are you able to get my shopping list and order everything on it
There must be an issue, why has my card been cancelled?
What is smart plug socket
start the vacuum at nine am
When will the cash that I put in the ATM be cleared from pending status?
I was charged more than once for a card payment I made.
what time will my alarm wake me up
would you tell me who made the ai
PDA can you create a list for me.
please hold for the next hour
play only particular singer songs
how do i know the interest rate for my signature account
How many times can I use my disposable card?
Describe a potato.
there is an unauthorized transaction on my bank of america checking
mpg of this car
that would be all.
turn off the lights in the living room please
I transferred a payment a couple days ago and it shows done, but it has not been received.  Could you please help me?
Why is there a fee associated with card use?
I can not get the app to know it is me.
is now a good time to sell some euros
when is the next blues concert in Liverpool?
can i rent a car out of lax from tuesday to thursday
play Billie Jean next
what information can you give me on the meaning of life
could you tell me what fun tourist things i could do in tokyo
are there any events coming up
Is it free to transfer money or is there a fee?
Hey google, I hit a million dollar lottery jackpot
what band is this
s1, again explain to me please.
resume series podcast
what do you think was the best decade
change color of lights
What is the limit to disposable cards you can have?
what's chicago's time zone
Start Celine Dion songs
need airplane ridge from philadelphia to atlanta leaving on the 5th of june and returning on the 8th of june
It looks like someone besides me ordered something with my card, what should I do?
Set a reminder for Wednesdays at 2 p.m.
i need you to flip a coin
why would i have been locked out of my own account
Please send pedro a email about his car
Can you tell me why my pop-up is still pending?
Am I able to get a refund for something I bought?
oops, i think you do not understand me.
you were made where
tell me the timezone that spain is in
what are today's highlights from facebook
could you check and confirm it please.
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
delete the first alarm
what is the seattle city council doing about homelessness
I want to do a cash top-up
My cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
how much petrol do i have
do you know the ingredients used in homemade chicken soup
Can an apple watch be used to tup-up?
Lower the brightness of the lights
A priest walks into a bar...
I was just needing to know why my card got declined
would you do it again.
what is the most densely populated country in the world?
it was nice one, thank you very much.
Define garbage
i wish to go for cheap shopping is there any dollars shop nearby
Do I get  a mastercard and visa?
i need to know about how much time i'd have to wait to get a table at dibruno's
I would like to know my next schedule details
book me a train ticket to barcelona please
show alarms
add new item
tell me when it is five pm
The ATM will not let me get cash, WHY?
olly that is all, just cancel.
turn the volume up on music player
What's the rate between pesos and yen?
Amazon deals
can you read the things to me that are on my shopping list
Go to Stripes at 5pm on 3 April.
android
I Submitted a cheque couple days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.Would you please check What could be the possible issue?
that's helpful, appreciated, olly.
thanks, you've helped me
what is my income
i want to listen to the new sam harris episode
What is planned today?
how are stocks for google
i am sorry but you have gotten this incorrectly.
The 2nd of next month lands on what day?
I want to op up my account by using bank transfer. How do I go about it?
Where is the closest Sweet Frog?
set an alarm to work out and another to go home
Help, my phone was stolen, please advise!
Is it possible to get one of your cards in the European Union?
how is the traffic right now
power on wemo
what is the population of florida
Does dominos deliver?
please show me how to order more checks for my savings account
could you please lower your volume
i can't find any of my luggage!
i'm pretty sure i have a fraudulent transaction on my account
My PIN is blocked, what do I do?
tell me what is on my schedule for today
Isn't my top-up supposed to mean its complete?
i would like to hear again.
doesn't matter to me, olly.
please alert me when john emails me
book a flight from bangor to las vegas on may 1st and returning july 4th
Can you speak a little louder?
If US cards have a top up charge, what is it?
make a catalogue
can i top up from a usa credit card
how much will my state taxes be
how do I get a disposable virtual card?
How old do you have to be to be able to open an account?
how much is the total due for my pgw gas bill
How can I get a refund for a purchase?
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
Can you boil the kettle
can you get me an uber to the science museum
Why did the app deny my top-up?
please say that again
hey send email to john
Check for any new emails, Google.
olly could you please shut off.
what's my discover credit limit
please make some coffee for me
tell me my routing number
i'm driving from la to denver and need my bank notified
I asked for a certain amount of money from the ATM, but it gave me a different amount. Less than what I asked for.
What is the best way to exchange currency?
new york time
tell me what's in tacos
I am looking for my top-up verification code and cannot find it.
i want to order som pizza
can you please check my last command.
I want my card frozen right away. Money was taken out in an odd location I have never heard of.
Can you tell me what countries you offer support for?
i need to cancel my rsvp for dinner this evening can you remove it on my calendar as well
When the even was started?
How can I get money in my home currency while I'm traveling internationally? I wanted to take it out of a local ATM but am worried that I will get charged extra fees.
how can i schedule a meeting
Please tell me current events for the day
check for new email
I can't find my card, it is lost.
prepare my morning coffee
search this object's definition
After I transferred money the balance remained the same.
from where do you come
can you please order me some mcdonalds
please turn the volume down
What does Problematic mean?
i need to leave on the five pm train to rockville
could you tell me that information you just said once again.
why was my transfer declined
tell me the meeting schedule for the day
could you confirm the question please.
May I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
A direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
add this song to my favorite list
What flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
Will there be a charge for topping up by account with a SEPA transfer?
What's a pending transaction? My card was declined at an ATM, but my account says it's still pending. Can I cancel the payment?
please notify my bank i'm going to africa between tomorrow and next tuesday
i want to mute the speaker
Turn off any morning alarms after Friday
How do I top up on my card?
alert my bank and let them know that i'm travelling to madrid
should i pump my tires
could you find someone to check out my car because the check engine light is on
what vaccinations should i get if i go to nigeria
open a new list for me
There is  a charge I don't recognize.
My new card has not been delivered to my home yet. What is going on?
start the vacuum for me
Play podcast favorites.
Where can I get a shot of tequila and some to-go Mexican food?
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts
what day is easter
I need a fast transfer from China?  How fast will it be?
please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle
I have a cheque here, can I use it to top off my account?
text christopher and tell him i will stop by
turn on the roomba
Echo, play the Barney theme song.
can you just cancel it.
whisper to me
News 19
what are the best ways to build my credit score
hey olly, do i have any new emails?
how do i start the robot vacuum cleaner
not sure to be honest
i would like to play tetris
do you have any idea if central needs reservations
what is the expiration date of my milk
is this song ed sheeran
do you think they'll let me reserve a table at the olive garden
best ticket price air/plane/bus to city x on date y
how far is parana river
top up not completed
Why was I charged $1 in a transaction?
how much is fifty us dollars with in china
what's that.
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get anything out. Is there a problem with my card? It's the first time I tried using it.
is my order being delivered soon
Do I have any new emails in my inbox today?
what restaurant is open after midnight
create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
describe what a chair is
I did not receive the right amount of cash.
go into whisper mode now
the bill's minimum payment, what is it
remove meeting for wednesday morning
How do I set up my card PIN?
i appreciate you doing that
What year was the song created?
that is correct
An incorrect exchange rate was applied to an item I bought.
Music, led Zeppelin, houses of the holy
My cash withdrawal shows as pending still.
Why doesn't it show that I did a balance transfer?
load sirius and play a rock and roll show
I would like to close my account.
whats lifes meaning exactly
Can I let other people have access to my account in order to top up?
please can you confirm the command.
ATM is broken. It did not give me the full amount (30 pounds.)  I'm standing here with only 10 pounds and it's telling me it gave me 30 pounds. I need assistance now!
What reminders did I set?
I went to the store and tried to make a purchase.  The first time, it was declined, but the second one went through.  But my App shows me that I've already been charged once and the second charge is still pending.  Can you make sure that I'm not charged twice?
I tried to get $100 but I just got $20
Do I have any meetings today?
please describe about microwave
Why am I being a charged for using my card?
Is Elizabeth Taylor still alive?
tell me when i last had my oil changed
Clear my claender
multiply one thousand by twelve
s1, would you further explain me about that please.
what is 5 minus 1
the cosmos
There is an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
Has anyone commented on my status?
will you tell me it once more.
what is the exchange rate with  1 US dollar.
Set meeting event for afternoon
what's going on tonight in sacramento
Display stock price for Lexmark International.
What form of identification is accepted?
Will my friend be able to top off my account?
can you play monopoly with me
open radia
Open email to send to dad.
can you check last thing said please.
please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing
what is the us dollar equivalent of one euro
turn on the coffee pot
email co worker about work project
what kind of plug is used in japan
write this message to the coworker group.
i need to know whether you are a cat or dog person
Is there a charge for getting my money?
please tell me the name that you have for me
is regular gas ok or does this car need something else
how many g. b. p. can i get for one dollar
where is your birth place
buy a train ticket for one week from now from new york to las vegas nevada
i'd like to schedule some pto from 2/22 to 2/25
Hello, I made a payment with my card and it's not working. It's been a while and still says its pending. Can you tell when this will go through?
where can i find my tax form to report what i earn
i need to know chase banks routing #
What is the reason my transfer was declined?
marriage day
please tell me the background of person X
What fiat currencies do you support?
have i have been spending a lot of money on shoes
hey siri tell my today's top news
what are the probability that it will rain today?
What is this music called?
I believe my top up did not work.
Will you be adding more currencies in the future?
s1, please elaborate me on your answer again.
Remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
I'd like to know what you guys look at to decide an exchange rate
where is my food
when will they let me board
What do I do to Top up my card?
turn off the upstairs bathroom light
where you from
when is my credit due to expire
pull up instructions on how to jump start a car
i wouldn't know.
Find my email for.. date
one more time again.
I cannot try my PIN anymore.
what questions can you answer
what are the list of things i need to buy today
i need to know what traffic is going to be like at 3:00 pm on the new jersey turnpike heading into camden from north jersey
There is a withdrawal in my account I didn't make.
how much do i owe for my gas and phone bills
The disposable cards - what are they for?
start a new text to maureen and tell her i go mom's christmas present
remember me my child's birthday
what step do i take if my bag got lost on the flight
Has the war in Syria ended?
find me the nearest chinese for delivery
Who is the current Prime Minister of Russia
are there any country restrictions?
let me know what i have to do today
Can you take 5 and divide it by 3?
what I need to verify my account
what's the song currently playing
can you order new checks for my citizens checking
that's not what i requested.
What happened to my cash deposit?
i want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at one pm today
play miley cyrus radio
My friend would like to send me money. What are the options available to them?
I tried to withdraw $100 but only got $20. What happened?
how much am i making at my job
olly please can you shut off.
turn off the living room lights
Order a ham and cheese sandwich from Subway
How do I verify my new card?
notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
post a status 'Happy birthday mom' on FB
If my card is about to expire how long would it take to receive a new one and how much would that cost me?
absolutely not
Where can I withdraw money from?
what movies are playing tonight at nine pm at the amc nine
start the podcast application
What is the weather condition today
My disposable virtual card isn't working.
can we please lower tge lights
set an alarm for ten tomorrow
how long does it take to make pho
what do you like to do for fun
Is it necessary to verify my top up?
can you tell me what my name is
that is all, stop it.
I need to update my address.
how can the money machine keep my card what do i need to do?
How soon can we expect rain?
My top up was denied
can you translate bowl into russian for me
Hae, I already completed my 3D secure authentication when I tried the crypto top up but it's still not working for me. I also don't understand what happened to the money in my account
there has been fraudulent activity on my card and i need to report it
what lists do i have queried
what's my paycheck going to be
i would like you to check and confirm that please.
how do i jump my car
play my preferred song
say something funny
write a tweet of complaint about my TV to Samsung
Why does the app revert a payment?
yeap you've got your understanding right.
Play my sadness playlist.
When is the best time to travel to Canada? What airport to use?
is there a way to tell if i need new tires
can i hear the joke about the old woman again
confirm what last said.
Remind me everyday at 2 PM for lunch
Distance to local landmarks
Will I be charged any fee for receiving money?
play the serial podcast
tell me something cool about elephants
restore factory settings
Can I change my PIN remotely?
can you order me more checks at wells fargo
are there any events on my calendar for january 1st
What are the fees imposed when I make a transaction?
go ahead and reset your factory settings
what is the title of this song
lower lights in my room
it's too dark here
i need to go downtown with 2 people; can you get me an uber
Would you please notify me about the event in my calendar
Do i need to take the umbrella out today?
Play why do you sing by Kirk Franklin.
Can I use my social security card as a form of identity?
I deposited some money, but the balance has not changed.
book me an uber please
do i have to wait for a physical card before i get my pin
switch the language for your responses, please
Can I change my PIN on my phone?
How do I link a new card?
please start me some coffee
tell me the soup of the day at panera bread restaurant
i like you to confirm question please.
play BBC radio four
can you find me a roundtrip flight from orlando to austin for 3/28 to 4/5
would you please check and confirm detail.
love to jake for financial support
I Submitted a cheque couple of days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.What could be the possible issue?
Set an alarm for 9 AM.
thank you so much for help.
What do I need to do to activate my new card?
thanks for that information.
what things do you like to do
yeah you did the command correcly.
Why hasn't the money transfer arrived yet?
check weather I got an email from rohit?
How do I unlock my account after typing in the wrong PIN too many times?
delete the vacation things to do list
can you say that again, please
Olly remind me my mom's birthday a week before
is the level of fuel in my car enough to get me to work
by remote sensor
when was this song released
cheer me up
Whats going on today
it's eight fifty five here what time is it in england
I purchased something abroad and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
you did awesome job,.
can i put in a pto request for september 1st to september 8th
Where is the refund on my statement?
wemo socket on
schedule text messages for later
how many miles in five kilometers
Please define the word Hypocrisy
please open my contact list
tell me what to call you
how can i go about finding my current location
play workout playlist
can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour
how long does it take to get to spago's in los angeles
My statement has not shown my refund.
umbrella later?
Describe what a poltergeist is
atm would not give me cash
can i move some money between my two accounts
please identify the name of the creator of this ai
Make a repeting reminder for this calender event.
What's taking my top-up so long?
How can I receive money from my friend?
I want to start using my card, how do I activate it?
Album repeat
what shots do i need before traveling to malawi
i like you cancel.
start cleaner
what is the name of this song
please tell me a joke
please put silverware on my list for shopping
I need a description of (object)
where am i located on the map
I'm really upset because I made a typo during a transfer and now I've sent money to the wrong account.  I can't fix this with the app.  Please help me immediately!
Is there somewhere I can send a check to add to my account?
How come I got charged extra for withdrawing cash?
Why did I only get $20 now the full amount I wanted?
florida
Ted talks
can you give me a traffic update for driving routes nearest ocean city, new jersey from philadelphia
What businesses accept my card?
i like rock music
my luggage has disappeared
is the sun gonna shine in devon this weekend
s1, please explain me more on your answers.
check my tires' air levels please
when is annas birthday remainder set
how many inches make one feet
say once again.
can you please repeat that
What's on my schedule next week?
i got to transfer ten dollars from my bank of america account to my capital one account
Someone has my card number, freeze my account.
what is the date and month today
What do I need to do to transfer money into my account?
what is the latest email from zita
please start my podcast
it seems not
Where can I go to modify my detail?
switch off bedroom light
switch off main light
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
could you set one alarm for 8am saturday and one for 9am sunday
throw the dice!
can you tell me the definition of yttrbium
Did I get any emails this week?
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
does my trip require vaccines
I need my card immediately.
how much do i make in a year
I had to pay a fee when buying items with my card.
can you tell me how old the ai is
When is Christmas?
Set the alarm for two hours from now
i did not understand your words.
please turn down the lights to fifty percent in the den
is my milk safe to drink after being in the refrigerator for a week
Was I charged more than I should of been for a currency exchange?
keep the socket in off condition
I can't log in with this passocde
Add to calendar a home visit everyday this week
have no idea about which to choose, olly.
any new emails after five pm
schedule a meeting with tom for 6pm
please tell me all items on my todo list
We want to start a college fund for my daughter.
any one would be okay, olly.
how do i convert four inches into centimeters
Need help with my card. It's not working.
How do I link my card in the app.
What dairy product contains several nutrients?
who charged my card
How can I unblock my PIN?
i need the details about my next schedule
my reservation is no longer needed
can you link up with my phone
Will there be a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
how is the tire pressure
When I was transferring money I was charged extra why?
can my credit limit be increased by 500 dollars
speak again please.
How long do I chill an icebox pie?
What is the procedure for an expired card?
can i freeze my bank account
ah it's awesome job.
I was wondering why my card was declined
Ok Google, can you give me the time in New Delhi
What is the process for setting up and account for my child?
please open blokus game i would like to play with you
can you help me find someone to look at my car's engine because the light is on
My top up is not working in Apple Pay.
can you find animal crossing
Please check payments on my card. There is a duplicate and I only bought it once.
how long will delivery of a new card take
The ATM wouldn't allow me to withdraw money
what is dollars in pesos
running competitions on the west side
I bought an item that I was charged a different exchange rate for.
how many calories are in a bowel of wheaties
text jeff and tell him to pay the bill
How do I top-up my card with a cheque?
recommend a romantic comedy in me area
What is the latest update on the weather in Harrisburg Pennsylvania?
what music do i prefer
Please update me the traffic status
start the oven
Is there a way I can check on the card on route to me?
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
do you posses any types of pets
i'm going to jamaica next week; am i needing a visa
brighter
Why do you guys need to verify my identity?
I have a missing refund
Have you sent out my card yet?
what is my email subscriction services bill
I am wanting to refill my card, is there a charge?
please show me my recent transaction
What is happening in Delhi today?
Why didn't my balance change after I transferred some money?
how much is one dollar in pounds
What US credit cards do you accept?
please get me an update on the status of my credit card application
How do I find the code needed in order to verify my top-up card?
How can I dispute a direct debit charge on my account?
After making a payment with my card it doesn't seem to have worked. It's just showing to be pending. When will this actually be going through?
i need a timer that is set at 1 hour exactly
change the light color to white
Explain why my top up would be reverted.
redeem my credit card rewards into my account
Set the mood, please.
I wanted to withdraw $100 from the ATM but I only got $20
would you tell me the meaning of life, please
What is the difference between bake and broil?
Would I get a Visa or Mastercard?
Hi , I just came to know I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
My marital status has change, I got to correct my name to reflect that.
please show me a list of entertainment options in my area
how do i know when to get the tires changed on my car
Why is there extra cash in my account?
could you cancel that request, please
how much is 100 American dollers worth in England
Olly, find me a taxi.
i am hoping to apply for an amex card
what events are coming up
My phone is missing.
Task, meeting
I made a payment but the app gave the money back.
slow the volume speaker
My payment was reverted by the app
one thousand two hundred and thirty pm already you will have a meeting in ten mins
Why caused my top up to not work?
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with card?
I haven't been hearing any King Crimson - please add their first 7 albums.
i am sorry but i think you had that incorrect.
get set need me music track
what's happening in the news
can you assist me to convert kilos to pounds
i need a new house insurance plan
Why have I not gotten my new card?
When is the last departing train from Boston, Massachusetts.
that is wonderful, appreciated.
please play me a song from my favourite list
i like to paint in my free time-do you have any hobbies like that
My card is due to expire
dea guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
Next time maybe let people know that buying things from another country costs extra. I used my card to purchase an item from another country and I was charged for the item and also an extra fee it looks like. I wasnt aware of this and I think I should get a refund.
I made a payment that's pending. Will it go through?
how is the current traffic between
tell me jokes
adios
Show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
reminders for doctor visit
is there any traffic on the road i take home from work right now, rt 40
could you book me a hotel in tampa from may 2 to may 4
how much do i have left to pay on my server and domain
stop, you've understood me not right.
define the word novel
turn program on xmtune
Olly, play netflix on my ps4.
Can you check about unauthorized use of my card, I think someone is using mine without my knowledge?
don't be connected to my phone anymore
What are the places that you deliver cards to?
what is the price of starbuck's stock
does black bear diner in tracy take reservations
turn off my wemo socket
Unmute the speaker now
Can I use this card at any ATM?
clear all events for this month
I WANT YOU TO PLAY MY SOCCEER GAME FROM 5TH LEVEL.
expenses
I see my transfer was declined.
no don't do that!
schedule me an uber to my job
I transferred money and it hasn't come yet
well done, appreciated.
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with delta to mexico city
add new email to my contacts macs@gmail dot com
i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
Do I have a list of contacts for the party I'm planning
is my apr high
Can I top up using a cheque?
PDA, send email to Cat that I will accept job offer
Play the top 40 station with Rocket and Theresa
How can I fix a problem where contactless isn't working?
give me the average five year stock price of home depot
can i substitute skim milk for whole milk
Can I convert money into different currencies?
Ok Google, start reggae music
change voice to female
turn the light off
Have I gotten any emails lately
can you explain why i couldn't use my card at target
I don't think my card payment exchange rate is correct.
i need to switch back to my factory settings
How is the snow condition in Las Vegas?
raise the volume of the current music
I can't do the verification.
find me a ride to the mall of america please
cancel please.
I couldn't use my contactless this morning, it wasn't accepted.
i disagree with a charge
when does boarding for my flight begin
figure out why there is a block on my account please
My card hasn't been working when I try to use it.
When was the last call I received from Jordan?
I made a cash withdrawal earlier and it's showing as pending.  What does that mean?
recipe please
please turn off the light of my son's room
i need to know why my credit card transaction was declined
Where is my money? I transfered it and it isn't in my account.
I am looking to change my adress.
Can you tell me why my top-up failed?
please ask me again
what is the correct time
What is happening locally this weekend?
How much for an actual card?
where do i go to view the interest rate on my brighton account
put a hault on my savings account
do i have any new email from ryan
Hey Olly, play me a popular hip hop song?
let me know the wait on a replacement credit card
How do I create a disposable virtual card?
What is this fee for card payment?
Delete my next meeting
i need to transfer from this account to that one
Do you have a list of exchange rates?
Post to tumblr: I'm having fun.
what is the tax amount
i want you to talk more slowly
lower the intensity of light
Hi, i found a large amount payment in my old statements which i am sure was not made by me. I am aware that the time has passed but is there a way to raise a dispute for this payment now?
Shazam
I don't remember my code to get into the app.
find radio
great job, you have done well.
I notice a transaction a couple of weeks ago in my account, from a seller that I don't recognize. Is there a way we can trace back the information to make sure it was truly something I did?
will it snow next week
it is amazing work, appreciated, olly.
remove the old music list
What are the acceptable currencies for adding funds?
i have a meeting with al on march twenty first at ten
Can I receive my card anywhere?
what time is it in dallas
do i have alarms set for today
change the plan of meeting
Does Fongs do carry out?
how many american dollars are in a euro
can you rephrase once again please.
what kind of interest can i expect with my chase account
I was just contacted by a seller that let me know they didn't get my money even though I'm very sure it was removed from my account. Now it's back in my account. Get this resolved quickly.
PDA, play my pop playlist.
tell me when the hockey game tickets are for
find the nearest taxi
lower speaker volume
Can I hold money in multiple currencies?
please check detail.
can you put the currently playing track on my zen playlist
recipe for traditional roast beef and gravy
set timer of 5 minutes
s2, i can't catch up with you.
There is a refund missing.
how many miles away am i from madison square garden
where exactly am i
I have a Visa and Mastercard, can I use these?
What is the max amount of disposable cards I'm allowed.
my card is ruined and isn't working
my check engine light has switched on, schedule someone to inspect it
start and email to john smith
i want to rollover my 401k but dont know how
do you see any meetings with john on my schedule today
i'd like you to tell me a joke
How do I see my source of funds?
let me know the list of transaction on my first hawaiian bank
Can i receive transfers from my employer this way?
What is the timeframe for a transfer in Europe?
take me to the huffington post website
display available lists
please let me know the morning alarm time kept for weekends
order me a byron from deliveroo
i need to get a ticket via train to orlando from hwood
What's playing?
My transfer didn't work! Help!
what year was baseball started
Can I use my card for online payments?
does redrobin take reservations
who do you report to for your work
What does pending mean on a cash withdrawal?
what is the name of the person who made you
I have a problem with a transfer. It didn't work. Can you tell me why?
are pasta dishes healthy
your response was not clear.
what song is on the radio
i don't mind for any one, olly.
Wake me up at 5 Am every morning
anything is ok to me.
can you help me book a car rental in seattle
start my jazz playlist
Play the next episode of this series.
Where does Rush Limbaugh live
i would like to know my car's tire pressure please
let me know the ingredients i will need for pasta making
add event to calendar
What is my foreign exchange rate?
go back to the last episode in this podcast
is the answer of five plus two seven
are there any interesting stuff happened today in my twitter
let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
in what timezone is nigeria
does the calendar already have easter noted on it
Play Flappy Bird.
check my facebook for notifications
can i please get a new card
Check in contacts
I've been waiting for a top up to come through for over an hour and I need the funds now.
whats the mpg of this car
Should I close the window before I leave this afternoon?
show me the answer for this problem two hundred and forty six plus six hundred and fifty four
yeah perfect response to command.
what day did i change my oil
lower lights in my room
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. Why is it happened?
What's the latest headline ?
amazing response to command.
read my complete todo list to me
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
i need a block put on my chase account right away
Continue onto the next podcast
Pull up the headlines please
do i have an alarm set for morning flight
list all emails with subject contract
Is it raining tonight?
please confirm my last question.
Please see if Chili's has delivery.
Read my most recent emails
To do list
Why was my transfer request decline?
why wasn't a transfer to account approved
I need a new PIN.
weather forecast for this week
i want you to guess my name
I think the payment from my card was revereted
begin a new list
how do i find my location right now, please
remind me to go grocery shopping today
What should I do if my smart phone is lost or stolen?
do you take orders from someone else
Tell me all the events between today and the 21st?
restart bill nye book
Increase volume to 50%
Please give me today's date.
yeah exactly.
My card expires very soon.  What is the cost and delivery time to get a new one?
what is my first name saved as
When will my deposit from this morning show up?
What is this fee debit on my account?
would you stop.
Can I withdraw from any ATM?
Check unread emails from Amy.
jane doe
Could you please lower your volume?
remove my bedtime alarm
i don't think thats right.
Is there a limit to top-up amounts?
which event going to happen in local area
uh no, that's not the correct response.
speed up your rate of speech
I punched in the wrong pin too many times and I'm locked out.
can someone look at my check engine light
There is more than one charge on my account for a transaction.
what's the total pto i've used
do i need to get a visa for traveling to chile
What are the currency types that I can keep money in.
please change the light colors to red
set a reminder for tomorrow evening
can i have an espresso please
set the volume to 4 please
The ATM I'm standing in front of only gave me 10 pounds rather than the 30 pounds I wanted. The app shows I took out 30 pounds also. What do I need to do to fix this?
brighten of lights in living room
when will you do my laundry
Can I link your physical card
The list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry.
Does my account have the option to hold multiple currencies?
If I order a new card, how much will it be and how long will it take me to get it?
comfortably adjust sound
play the bjork album i've heard the least
Help me find my card pin!
what is the answer to life
resume the playback of a child called it
when can i expect meal of salmon to be finished
Can I check to see where the funds came from?
please flip a coin
How long before a bank transfer shows up in the account?
thanks, i appreciate it
can you please confirm the detail.
flip a coin into the air
Can my friends send me money?
all new mail
where can i pick up my w2 to do my taxes
set to silent for five minutes
i'm looking to call a group
My account was charged a debit payment I don't recognize.
Your foreign exchange rate is wrong.
how do i set my coffee machine to make coffee
when and where is june's birthday party
order travel ticket
Reply to Christy's email and say Thank you very much
can you empty my calendar
i need to have a coin flipped
Are there any alarms set right now?
Send me alert on any new topic on politics
Put laundry on my to-do list
please can you stop it.
I want a card, but I'm not in the UK- can I get one still?
i would talk to you later.
search for the correct game
I bought an item that I was charged a different exchange rate for.
do i need a visa to travel to mexico
tell me when i need to leave the airport
have there been any travel alerts issued for france
where can i find a place where i can schedule to check my tires out
does jet blue have any carry-on restrictions
I must make a transfer from China and it is urgent. How long before the transfer is complete?
what name do you know me by
does tartine in san francisco take reservations
how much is ten euros in dollars
I need a card, but I'm in the US at the moment.
in what timezone does baton rouge fall
what is todays close of goog
How do I top up my card?
Please delete this list
please have vacuum go for 1 hoir.
what are movies that are playing near me with high reviews
show me the latest news on BBC
I did a payment but the app reverted it
who do you work for
Show the to do list for today
tel me the credit limit for my credit card
I looked at my statement and found a payment I and found a mistake.
Find apple pie recipe.
Remind me I need to be at the library a week from today at five.
how much did i spend this week
Unknowingly to me the payment sent to seller has been redeposied back in my account. I do not know why it would take out the payment and then put it back in my account. Can you resolve this as soon as possible?
After making a transfer from a UK account it's not showing up. How long do these transfers normally take for you? I want to be certain everything is all right.
Play 'Uptown Girl' by Billy Joel
yeah that's right, so true
what time is my meeting with fred scheduled for
how is pav bhaji cooked?
are there any veg restaurants in phoenix
please lights less brighter
that is all.
I need to see my list
do you have a preference regarding what i should call you
How do I see my updated balance after I make a cheque or cash deposit?
what products are on my shopping list
agreed.
tell me when the next alarms are for
what time is it in another city
please add dinner with mary to my calendar on saturday
best energy food for gym
When can i pick up my chinese food?
up until now, what place was your home base
When is the yearly cultural event coming up?
no, i think that's not the right response.
please let's try your word spoke again.
i need everything deleted from calendar please
it seems i can't use my card since it has been damaged
put on some Coldplay
are you doing alright
Increase volume please
Can you change the colour to red
i need an uber to class tonight on the mainline campus
I transferred money, but I think I've been charged a fee for it?
Do you supply both Visa and Mastercard?
What's taking so long for this payment to go through?
Secure train passage for me on July 3.
please find out the status of my vacation request
save that email as a new contact
I have been charged a fee for getting cash
i want to get a card but i live in the US
where are your origins located
Can I have a mastercard?
It seems my card payment was completed twice. I paid at the store previously and the first one did not seem to go through. After a second attempt, it did go through. I now see within the app that I have been charged twice with one of them pending. Can you please remove the pending amount because it is clearly something that was declined?
Where does the exchange rate stand right now?
What are all the currencies and cards supported to use this?
play current episode
How do I get a refund for an unauthorized direct debit payment?
Make a calendar event for a BBQ at Millie's house.
that's useful, thank you, olly.
PDA open this program
what am i listening to
remove soccer list from notes
you got the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal
What's the most popular story on my Facebook newsfeed?
How do I stop fraud to my card?
resume audio book history of rome
when should i get new tires i last replaced them four years ago
MUJHE 8 PM YAAD DILANA MUJHE KAHIN BAHAR JANA HAI.
could you say that one more time please.
back one episode
show the list
that is cool, thanks, olly.
you can call me al
Set an alarm for the meeting tomorrow 30 minutes before the event starts
who has the tax form that has my wage informaton
Which desert is hottest?
twenty minus ten
How can I check if I have received a refund if it is not yet on my statement?
what is the status of my order
How can I tell if there will be a fee added to my payment or not?
what is going on in LA today?
tell me what is on the list of things to do
I still haven't gotten my new card.  When will it get here?
It seems you keep declining my transfers. Before, it's always worked very well.Just now when I tried to buy something the card was declined. I tried more than once and it was the same thing each time.
will it snow this weekend
Put on some techno music please.
I'm waiting on a top-up, its still pending
give me more light
A payment is pending
make a reminder of location A on calendar .
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
book me a hotel in chicago near the water tower shopping from april 2nd to 4th
Can I verify the source of my funds?
create a reminder to pay taxes on monday
please book a car for me in bangkok
where should i go for mexican food in me area
Scratch that one from the list
can you make sure the kitchen light is off
could you reset your factory settings please
yeah right.
play the latest seahawks podcast
please tell me some international news
has it been a busy day
How is Disney stock today?
i seem to have lost my luggage! what are my options now
help me out with changing this pin number
set a remainder at 3pm to pick jo
who sings this
Information
please play the next song
help me freeze my bank account, please
i am interested in acquiring new insurance
How do I go forth verifying my top-up card?
When I got cash, my exchange rate was wrong.
how much is in savings
when will my visa expire
What is the maximum transactions for one disposable card?
thank you.
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already Would you please check if everything is okay with my account?
The ATM won't give back my card
ai throw the dice on the table
can i substitute apple juice for wine
read new messages from my wife
add event to date
be mute
when is my oil due to be changed
I need to know what's going on. I was under the impression you offered cryto top up which doesn't seem to be working and money has just vanished from my account.
what's the transaction fee for my boa card in orlando, fl
Why am I charged whenever I withdraw cash?
Hey. You there?
what are the latest tweets from the new york times
I can't seem to get my virtual card to work.
would you check and confirm last thing i said please.
Why do i have to verify my top-up card?
in regards to my wells fargo account, why is there a hold
new alarm for six am
What's on my schedule this week?
tell me if there is any transaction fee using royal card in europe
i want to fly southwest from dallas to phoenix
How do I get a real card?
my credit card application status
what questions are permissible
Will the system automatically update once there is no more money left?
Can I change my pin at ATMs?  If so, what ones?
remove the item from list
where's my w-2 tax form
send email to gary
i want some suggestions for tourist activities in dublin
could you speak it once again please.
Please tell me the pending reminders.
what are the rules for carry on luggage for delta
please play football with me
bedroom lights off now
Do I have to do the identity check?
Play Hurt by Johnny Cash next.
Remove all scheduled TW meetings from the calendar please.
Why was my cash withdrawal declined by the ATM?
i'm needing to know who made you
does restaurant has home delivery
i must to the female voice
what should i do in france
normal tempareture
let's use my credit card points
Please Check all new email of Amazon.
HELLO, YOU HAVE A SEND AN EMAIL TO SOMEONE.
I need one cup of coffee.
what is six divided by 16
Can I get a card that works in other countries like Africa and Indonesia?
why would a hold have been placed on my checking account
is the ride short to the airport in la
would you please check question.
Why wont the other bank take my money?? Is it not good enough?? There's sufficient funds but I keep getting denied a standard transfer. Ive tried 5 times!
doesn't really matter with me.
The top-up is broken.
olly will you cancel it.
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment is.
i need to schedule a meeting with mae at 5pm
i need to convert kilos to pounds
play the next episode of the BBC tech podcast
let's start over please.
My transfer to beneficiary didn't go through
fun things to do today
Who was appointed as deputy CM of Uttar Pradesh
where do most celebrities hang out
I used my card to make a payment and wondered why the payment was reverted?
Tell me the local events.
Unable to complete transfer, states 'declined'
Card activation is not working. What do i do?
Access Coffee Maker, Begin Process.
Tell me which stocks were the biggest gainers in stock market nasdaq today
shit, you've done a task wrong.
give me the headlines from sky news
show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week
Olly, who is Luke Bryan?
What time does the train arrive in Sacremento?
give me the definition of formidable
walk me through the best ways to use my credit card points
I purchased something overseas and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
how far does my dollar go in japan
add lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
Open takeout menus
what do i have in my bank accounts right now
whats the number of pto days i have to my availability
make me a new checklist
manoeuvres
Why are my transfers and purchases keep getting declined?
Where is the Bolshoi Theatre located?
Last week I put a cash deposit into my account and it is still isn't there.
Why did I get charged for a transfer?
can i reach seattle with this amount of fuel
What would be the exchange rate of currency in Japan
Was I charged extra for using my card?
showme how to find my location
go back to the last episode in this podcast
you've got your understanding correcly.
what is traffic
change the light to pink color
can you report a lost card for me
Find an interesting podcast about last Pritzker Price winners
tell me some trivia about dolphin
what insurance do i have
how many miles can i drive on 1 gallon of gas
Why is there some cash that I did not deposit in my account?
i don't catch that.
can you tell me a fun fact about elephants
Hi, i don't know what's going on i've just paid for my top up twice by accident can you help me get a refund please.
do i need to get a visa for russia
you've got the answer perfectly.
Why have I all of a sudden been charged for my ATM withdrawal? I thought the withdrawals were free because this is the first time I've ever had this problem.
Am I charged more for using the ATM?
How much is a train ticket to San Fransisco?
My card didn't work in one of the shops.
I would like a refund for something I bought
It seems that something went wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds but have been charged entirely too much!
please again clarify me on your answers.
what do i have going on for 12/03/2019
turn on the rice cooker socket
i would like an uber going to the train station, please
please turn off the lights in the kitchen
Do you take SWIFT transfers?
Verifying the top-up seems like a hassle.
can you look up chinese takeout near here
you must increase your volume
has anyone approved my day off request
I recently deposited a cheque and cannot find the cash from it.
can you please confirm detail.
please play recently paused audio
are my tires filled enough
near by super market
please tell me a really fun fact about facebook
which lists are present in the notes app
I am seeing an extra fee on my statement what is that for?
display weather for the week
hey what's up
tell me what the tax amount is
In a month, my card will reach its expiration date, am I required to request the next card?
Why does top-up need verifying?
try to play old nineties classic music
Hi, I would like to file a claim for an inquiry. I am a frequent customer of the company in question and have never had any issue with my purchases, payments, or otherwise. However, the price deducted for an item I purchased a couple of weeks ago has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with my payment? The item has already been delivered to me.
I need to exchange foreign currency will i be charged?
what music is this
Can I withdraw from any ATM?
Show me the train schedules between madrid and barcelona for tomorrow
tell me all local events
Olly, go back to the podcast before
musch appreciated, that's good.
how much is a train ticket to san fransisco
turn the smart plug on
skip to next episode
the time difference between lagos and new york is what
what's the routing number for my usaa account
open up a reminder, pay taxes on monday
what album is this song on
are there any travel alerts for antarctica
Is there a reason why there is an extra £1 charge on my account?
i want to listen to classical music
can i get a w2 form online
add 'valentine's day' with her tomorrow
My card is missing.
I could not get my card to work at a shop.
set a reminder for wishing a friend tommorrow at 10 AM
can i get some more of those new checkbooks mailed to me
Is there an additional charge to exchange currencies?
could i use olive oil instead of grape seed oil
A shop I go to didn't let me pay.
i want to report my card as lost
If I lost my phone, what steps do I need to take to stop someone from using my account?
I made a transaction but did it to the wrong account.
Remove the appointment with George Adams from my calendar.
Play it louder
Save this music to my favorites.
My card payment did not complete.
set my coffee machine
Can you tell me if my pop-up went through?
Make a note that I don't like this song.
My disposable virtual card doesn't seem to work
I'm expecting a refund but it's no where to be seen
where can i use this word
tell them that their lines were too long
Celebrity news
Design the chemical compounds necesary to create sugar that doesn't cause diabetes or weight gain, but doesn't provide a chemcial taste.
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
what shots do i need before going to africa
What are the age limits for your service?
I want you to play bohemian raphsody for me
I want to tweet to Folgers about bugs in my coffee.
Can I verify my identity online?
Can you tell me the next scheduled event?
Is the traffic smooth right now?
A friend was telling me about her disposable cards. What would I have to do to be able to get that feature?
robot do the whole house now
I transferred some money but the recipient is having trouble withdrawing.
Turn on Vacuum cleaner
Can you explain the transfer fee that I was charged?
I need to terminate my account.
open fm
yes you've done command exactly.
can you book an uber tomorrow
have you heard any good jokes lately
Please save this song to my favorites
will you retry please.
i would like you stop.
really wouldn't mind, olly.
Tell me what I should do after my card expires.
What is 1 dollar in euros?
what a wonderful song can you save what i just said for me
I had a payment that I made and it's been some amount of time and would like to know when it's suppose to go though.
i need to know what the meaning of life is now
what is your prescription for long and healthy life
I'm not sure how to complete the identity checks process.
can 401ks be moved
please clear my calendar for tomorrow
What is on my calendar today?
i am needing to know when you were born
what's my current credit limit
I have an unusual payment in my statement
i want you to check command please.
add to friday's calendar a doctor's appointment
what was that.
when will by order from taco bell be delivered
I want to know where the funds come from.
what is twelve plus one hundred and ninety six
Why hasn't my top-up gone through?
I am having trouble to verify my identity
look up the exchange rate between dollars and euros
remind me after a month
turn tv on please
what stores have clearance
could you start a timer for me
how much
did discover get my card application yet
yeap.
find a recipe for baked ziti
send email to mom asking about the weather
It is 7:00 am in Pacific Standard Time
When would my card be charged an extra fee for a transaction?
Manage facebook status
olly i need that appointment posted to the calendar
wake me up at six am
go ahead and roll that 9 sided dice
put the song in order of songer first arijit singh song then sukhwinder then sunidhi.
im not going to dinner tonight
Why hasn't my card arrived yet?
wouldn't mind for any one.
Hi, i was checking my old statements and found a discrepancy with a large amount transaction. I am sure it was not done by me. Please let me know if i could raise a dispute as its very late.
who are you employed by
My card did not go through in a shop
PDA: I want to know what the specials are tonight at Bob's House of Burgers. Anything with cheese?
will you help me write an email to Chelsea
please can you rephrase me further on your answers.
what is the phone number for the nearest location of church's chicken
i need to know this song
What if there is an error on the exchange rate?
What's the process for ID verification?
share my current location with kristen
should i be concerned about the air in my tires
search news about a celebrity
i want to know the time
can you activate the vacuum to clean the house
what's the shelf life of guacamole in the fridge
The transfer on my account is not showing up.
cut off the bathroom lights
i'm looking for italian food suggestions
With all of the information you can gather on the internet could you please provide me with the best probable explanation of who killed President Kennedy.
does the restaurant have carryout
recipe please
top up is still pending
radio please
can you delete the dentist appointment
please make me coffee without sweetener
i lost my chase bank card and want it labeled as lost
Can you tell me where  can change my PIN?
when is the next train to glasgow from aberdeen
what kind of oil do i need for my ford truck and how can i change it
would you tell me when i should replace my tires next if i last replaced them on june 2
the current news
i need one cup of coffee
My cash deposit from a week ago is still not in my account. Can you help me please?
are they going to let me take vacation
i wouldn't care.
i am needing the next song to be played
can you order me some pizza
What do I do when a charge has been made that I did not make?
please flip a coin for me ai
Siri, open twitter, tweet @POTUS SUCKS!!!
Problem with my top up going through
Can I top up from my Apple Watch?
is there a way to change name?
which stock markets have lowered in the past three hours
what is the current weather conditions in chicago illinois
which song is currently playing
text jean and tell him to call work
play tic tac toe with me
Get me the time in London now.
include happy on my rb playlist
what is an anachronism
Remove from my calendar meeting at 9am
Should i wear a jacket to work?
set reminder pay taxes on monday
how can i learn how to use direct deposit
I withdraw money abroad but I didn't get the right amount.
great song for the commute
are there any travel warnings for london
tell me all the ways my credit score can get hurt
i need help paying my electric bill
i would like you just cancel.
whats going on in my calendar
what is 34 times 80908
Whats the average temperature in Mangalore for this week
on the button of cleaner
i want to know your name
that's awesome, thank you very much.
I found my old card. Can I link it back into the app?
Olly, what is the newest news right now?
what's the timezone in valencia
describe your types of pets
Which ATM's am i able to change my PIN?
When will the transaction post to my account?
i just changed jobs and need help with my 401k rollover
play a podcast about latest yoga videos
please delete list titled kickball
Play Radio Disney
when is my next meeting with Joe
Please turn off the smart plug socket.
change my house lights colour to blue
tell me about the sports stadium
Is my card usable anywhere?
What do I have to do to change my pin?
What are John's contact details?
that is good.
I don't know what's wrong, my contactless stopped working. Tried it in a few different places today and it didn't work in any of them.
how do i say good bye in chinese
Move forward 10 minutes in this podcast.
There's a payment showing in the app today even though I have not used my card at all. I want a refund.
What is the the Times headline?
what is omorrows events
what time in las vegas
where can i get organic wheat
How do I go forth on transferring a sum of money from one account to another?
Some cash is showing up in my app that I did not get.
How much does the FB stock cost?
what is the interest rate on my chase slate credit card
i'm going to paris soon and want to let my bank know, how do i do that
What are your international exchange rates?
alter your accent
i need to know when i should replace my tires next if i last replaced them on june 2
tell me what my federal taxes amount to
roll the five sided die
what is expire of milk
order six chicken tacos from chipotle
Should I keep waiting for my card to be delivered?
what currencies do you accept?
Olly, activate the vacuum cleaner.
how to get virtual card
My card has been lost! help!
Why haven't I received a refund yet?
wine shop
where can i find my tax form to report what i earn
exactly right
what place were you born at
what is the exchange rate for foreign ATMs
I have two of the same charges on my account!
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that already.
latest updates on syrian civil war
how many rewards points do i have for my chase card
Where can I go to get my PIN unblocked?
My wallet is empty even though I topped it up an hour ago.
recommend artists similar to rihanna
I used my pin too many times.
what is the best rated hotel in evans
what's the least amount i can pay on this bill
how many miles are my tires rated for
i am flying jetblue and need to know what the most number of bags are that i can carry on
increase lighting
i'd like to hear some trivia about florida
remove that from my list
Is it possible to exchange USD and GBP on the app?
how far has my application for the hsbc card gone till now
what is the total i spent on shoes recently
If I order a card when does it arrive?
Is there anything important for today?
have no idea about what to do, olly.
What is the time difference between my location and Hong Kong?
when is Jacob's birthday?
make sure my alarm is set for three thirty in the morning
i want to put thank you on my playlist called relaxing jams
can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
what's the song title
Power off the wemo plug
no clue
Why do I have a charge for an ATM withdrawal? I thought these were free?
is there a routing number for wells fargo
Add a new email address which is Starktony721@Gmail.com
How many more reminders are left?
uh no, you gave me not right information.
I cannot locate the verification code for my top-up card. Please help me.
make sure there is no events on my calendar
how long should i cook a spiral ham
Is there an automatic top up feature?
what is happening near me
Are the top-ups limited?
How long does the "pending" period of a transfer take?
i don't understand what you just said now.
can you play music the beatles
is there any good chinese takeout that's open late
order me chinese food
it is very hot today is not it
whats the date today
Is there any news articles on the fire at Pigeon Forge?
What's the reason for needing to verify my identity?
My money's disappeared from my account! I topped up the other day and it was there, but now it's not. Help?
Does it cost anything to top up?
What fee will be charged for exchanges?
I did not receive my full withdrawal amount
repeat that last response
show me how to rent a car in las vegas
tell me the latest stock of pepsi
Do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
i don't need toilet paper anymore; take it off my shopping list
pls create a new contact information about jo
that is erroneous
Reset the alarm.
Please help me get a Visa card.
could a hotel be booked for me in afghanistan at the zoo for the 10th to the 15th
stop, i think you understood me incorrectly.
Did i receive any e-mails from contact about subject?
Could you please send an email to my husband?
What are my bank details so I can do a transfer?
Music from the 1960s
a large french fry has how many calories
PLEASE COULD YOU TELL ME THE GOOD RESTAURANT IN NEW YORK..
Can I change my pin number at a cash machine?
Hi, I am currently in the process of buying a flat and I am waiting for the mortgage to go through but it keeps showing up as an error.  Do you know what could be causing this and can you help me get the money over.
I want to go back on what I did this morning
What is the Top up rate charge for using a card in the US?
how should i go about improving my credit score
when can i pick up my order
relate to me what my credit score is
I was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
What is the home phone number for Sarah
turn off the room light
i must know the nutritional info for grapes
i want you check details please.
What are the countries you support.
Money transfer help? How long?
could you elaborate me about that further please.
anything is okay for me.
how old are you now
who is X
I topped up but the app declined it
what are the ratings for chipotle
how much cad can i get with my one usd
i think this was not correct.
How do I change my information?
fine me a train to denver
What other credit cards can I use?
Does Allearsnet have a new podcast?
please cancel the table for two at burger king
Take the list off.
how soon until i will need to get my oil changed
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket this morning.
talk faster
open the two towers
I want to hear the latest podcast episode of S-Town
I was recently charged for withdrawing money from my bank ATM. How can that be possible when I haven't been charged for using it before?
s1, could you explain further on that please.
thanks for asssistance.
remove grocery list
please send a text to phil and ask him if he wants to play golf this weekend
What hour is it in New York now?
let's play
tell me mary's cell number
My phone has been lost or stolen
if i want my credit score, how do i find it
Weather, Boston, MA
PDA, mark sarahs b-day party on the 12th
i want to hear anything you have that's funny
I tried to make a transfer like five different times. Why won't your system let me? Is it broke?
cancel alarm for tomorrow
can you tell me when my flight is going to board
is yemen closer to japan or india
remind me at one thousand three hundred
My card still hasn't arrived after two weeks, now what?
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
Play I walk the line by Johnny Cash.
My card payment reverted back, I think.
Who sells the cheapest netbooks in South Austin?
I did not charge my account for that transaction.  That's an error.
does this life have a meaning
Prepare the order as soon as possible.
do the restaurant deliver?
please respond in latin from now on
what's my apr on my discovery card
how do they say goodbye in hawaii
I wish it had wider range of conversation
hey i am having a bad day today what can i watch to cheer me up
what is the timezone for houston
are the items on my todo list listed alphabetically
do i have anything to do march 2nd
tweet a complaint about my refrigerator to LG
Resume Born to Run
what is my afternoon schedule tomorrow
Can you play my music file?
don't get this.
Available meetings in March are what?
would you repeat that
Is there any reminder for me?
Why didn't the money I transferred into my account get added to my balance?
How can someone send me money?
what is clint eastwood doing these days
how do i steam rice
it must be mistake.
Is Trump tweeting today?
audio on
Why are all my card payments being declined?
Are there any new snaps on Snapchat?
whats your age
i need to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
tweet to the customer service account of starbucks
What locations can I top up with cash?
The conversion rate on the ATM that I used with foreign currency was wrong.
Notify me of the latest news on the stock market
i am not so clear about what you have said.
what is the name of the music playing now?
play next episode of harry potter by j. k. rowling
do my tires need to be changed
i think maybe
What is the time in the Mountain timezone?
when is my next oil change
tell me the weather of city A .
show me the routing number for chase
google
I need to be made aware when I am being charged an extra amount for payments please. I looked over the app earlier and noticed an additional feel related to one of the payments. I was not warned about this before.
The 22nd is what day?
I need to refund my item, can you please help?
how many days was i sick or on vacation
did paul email me recently
i want to cook a lasagna please tell me how long it will take
save that email as a new contact
search for my routing number for my checking account with wells fargo
your answer is appreciated
how much is my cable bill
what is a banana
how many times have i used my annual leave
can i ask you about anything
Can I use my virtual card to complete transactions for memberships?
lower battery consumption to save setting
Will there be any extra fees for European bank card for top up?
what happened to the money after i put in the wrong info and it got declined
can you bright the lights please
What is your maximum top up limit per day?
email my mother
tell me when my last oil change was
My mother wants to know what the weekly weather will be like send her an email.
the volume of the music playing now should be raised
Do I have a lunch date today?
olly make me happy
jane doe
what is the proper spelling of corporate
The ATM sucked my card in.
how many cm make one foot
please mute the sound
Can I track the card that you sent me in the mail?
it's cool, i appreciate it.
send text message to
Why was I charged a fee on a cash withdrawal?
set an alarm for two pm
Can you tell me what this fee is on my statement?
how is the traffic typically at noon on the route to hospital
where are your roots
Will I be charged if I add more cards to the account?
when will my panam flight be arriving
My cash withdrawal was short.
Delete all events and tasks for today.
play newest reason podcast
Why was one of my transfers declined?
delete all the events of today
i need your assistance to solve this math problem
do i have options on how to improve my credit score
There is a Direct Debit that looks suspicious.
tell me this song's name
silence volume on speakers
How do I get a PIN?
what should i call you
I want to order a takeaway from Papa John's.
that's wonderful work, thank you.
tell me my reminder list
if it is twelve hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time what's the time in the philippines now
What's happening in the world today?
Do you have a limit for someone's age?
can you check my reservations for mortons under david winters
save email id
personal data assistants
play cricket
can you tell me how changes on my insurance policy can be made
i want to update you name
Is there anything new happening in politics today?
When do I need to pay the bills?
Will be Apple Watch be able to let me top up?
Can it automatically top-up money if there isn't much left?
what is the name of the song that's playing on the radio right now
Hello PDA,Can you read the information for this date?
i want you to go to hot one hundred and five on the radio
I had a card payment that was declined.  Why?
you can cancel my reservation
how much is the us dollar versus the pound
what is tuesday like on my calendar
Is there a specific source that the exchange rate for the transfer I'm planning on making is pulled from?
i appreciate response, olly.
show me concerts in sacramento
what's london's timezone
What do I do if i accidentally broke my card?
goddammit.
Does the nearby pizza hut deliver in my area
make a coffee
please increase the light
please share your hobbies with me
please add sugar to my grocery list
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
add the item to a list
The top-up is broken.
Whats the maximum disposable virtual cards?
Play Tennis for me
Email to Caroline: How are you? Can you send me updates on last project. Cheers Tomasz
remove finlee's bedtime alarm
tell me my lists
flip a coin and let me know if it lands on heads or tails, please
i need to know what time it is
Can you please explain how to transfer money using the bank transfer process?
Where would I order a virtual card?
what's the status of my order
Tell me about the weather this week
Show me Derek's contact information
list out my meetings today
detail for stock price
Can I use my account now, even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
stop, this is not right answer.
what is my card's apr rate
Can you find out the latest world news from yesterday?
help me find things to do in nashville
Can you find out why my credit card didn't process payment? It was declined for top up so what's the deal?
Collect all ingredient needed for cooking with exact measurments and neccessary equpiments
Anything i need to know?
what is my location
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
so are cats and dogs liked by you
order me an uber ride please
How much does it cost to top up a US-issued card?
Why can't I see my refund in my statement?
can i start calling you chris
pay my insurance bill
start a new text
delete my meeting event for march nineteen at one pm
what's the name i should use to talk to you
please use male voice instead
This past holiday I made a withdraw at the ATM machine, and it seems I've been charged too much.
Where did this extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
i need to know how to say hello in france
Which is the next event coming up?
Is EUR one of the currencies you deal with?
s2, i do not catch up with you.
i'm almost certain my car battery died, please tell me what to do
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order
lights on
What are some reasons that would cause ATM machines to decline my card? It has happened to me multiple times!
Can I use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
switch on light
Where is the cash deposit I made?
s1, explain me on your answers once again.
can you find music by slow magic to put on
how can i change your name
PDA please remove this event from my calendar
Where can I find my card PIN?
Is there a fee for topping off by transfer?
what's the traffic like on the way to the mall
Siri, what time is it in Denver?
roll the 10 sided dice on time
i ned you to flip a coin
What's my next alarm?
help me report my lost mastercard
tell me john's phone number
order me a cheese burger from tommy's burgers
would you roll the dice
increase the volume to max please
Hello book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
Why do you need to check my identity?
Write 10 words on instagram
Drop my June holiday from calendar
are there any fun things to do in seattle this weekend
What's the wait time for European transfers?
will you please check and confirm detail.
I have been waiting for my top-up to complete and it still hasn't gone through.
co play game monopoly
What is the greatest number of times that I can top-up?
my next oil change is when
save this song in my favorites
My card is expiring soon.
There is a payment in the app I did not make
I am having trouble transferring money to a beneficiery.
the sound is too low
start music in playlist
i like you to check it please.
give me the definition of the word fondle
What cards and currencies can I use to top up my account?
Are there any events going on nearby?
I would like to delete my account please.
do i have to get an international visa before they'll let me in melbourne
please tell me my current gps coordinates
can i increase my credit limit to 800 dollars
is traffic light
I'm currently not in possession of my phone, is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
play the audiobook swan from first
If there isn't much money left can it automatically top-up?
what kinds of hobbies do you enjoy
please flip a coin for me
what's the pound to dollar exchange rate
turn off wemo
add toothpaste to my shopping list
play it after five minutes
For my calendar, write Preschool Reading every Wednesday.
whats the weather like tomorrow.
Put the radio on and play radio 2
I like to Mastercard rather than Visa.
Please provide me a list of ATMs that accept my card.
restore your factory settings, please
you can send the email to abc@gmail dot com this is my new email address
Where is my meeting today located?
tell me the latest stock of pepsi
Why didn't my transfer complete?
list alarms
find game
how is the traffic right now
please transfer $5 from savings to checking
i need to know if my capital one credit card have international transaction fees
that's wrong.
what was the last check date
i'm here at dia but my luggage isn't!
Where is
look to see if i have folding laundry on my to do list
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
would you say that you are human or copmuter
What is the exchange rates of this currency
You have declined my  payment.
Is there anyway, I can get a disposable virtual card?
sorry but i think you have me wrong.
how much money have i spent this week
is a peso worth more than a dollar
Who else can top up my account
what song is playing
Add a reminder to my calendar every year/month/week on this date
what timezone is the country in
Why was I charged an extra fee when using a card?
do i have any calendar entries for march 8th
this is of no importance to me.
Can I verify a top-up and what card is used?
two thumbs down @companyname
How do I report possible fraudulent activity on my account?
my statement contains an unknown payment
Email dad how is the weather this week?
yeap excellent response to the command.
uhh no, i did not say it.
will you retry it please.
change your language setting to german
Will I need an umbrella this week?
how much of the gas do i have left
how long does it take to get to disneyland in anaheim
Please tell me the news headlines.
Open my music
What are the guidelines for the disposable cards?
I want to add money to my international card, so are there any fees charged to do this?
how do i get the answer to two plus two
Reset my locations list
could you give me the exact rate for dow nifty futures
A payment is showing twice. Why is that?
can i substitute ginger for garlic
what is the proper way to spell diamond
what steps should i take if i want to ensure my credit score doesn't drop
Is it possible for a person who lives in the US to get a card?
Where is norman reedus from
yeah fantastic response to command.
I was trying to use contactless earlier, but it didn't work.
What is the definition of logic
how long should i cook a glazed ham
repeat that for me
i do need to get some more checkbooks mailed to me
what are my insurance advantages
how are the reviews for pasta at assagios
could you please turn on the plug
What do I need to do to exchange my money?
make a room darker
Send an email to Shelly and ask if we are going to dinner next Monday night
what is the song that's playing
will you replay please.
I need to verify my funds.
Why did you charge me for a cash withdrawal?
anything will be okay for me.
how long until my next day off
Why did it cost money to transfer funds?
do i need a light or heavy jacket today
tell me when my next paycheck is set to arrive
please go ahead and make my student loan payment
i want a timer set for 10 minutes
how busy is mc donald at 8 in the morning
get the workout playlist and play it
Why was I charged a fee to transfer money?
again explain me about your answers please.
send a tweet to tmobile for rude employees
How come there is a duplicate charge on my card?
what do i have scheduled for next week
suggest a meal from denmark to me
Define flabbergasted.
i want to know some trivia about our solar system
How will I know where my funds are coming from?
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
what my fuel tank at
i need to know how many pounds are in 10 kilos
can i order olive garden to go
what is the due date on my xfinity internet bill for february
Let me hear some pop music or a song
how do i get to poughkeepsie from new york city
Why is the transaction to my friend still pending?
Why are top-ups being verified?
hey what is the time
please tell me the current time in new york
What currencies are accepted to add money?
There is a debit paymet that I don't recognize.
My bank statement doesn't show the cash deposit I made recently.
what do i set the timer for if i'm making gyoza
that's totally wrong!
how much in total will i be paying for bills
Schedule my meeting with Tom Cruise today evening at 6 PM.
go forward one song
yeah, that's right
I don't think that my top-up worked.
find a taxi to book
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
remind me clock that i have a event
can you tell me what happened to my social media
How can I get paid in a different currency?
dammit, not right response.
Is there anywhere  In the  Eu  this card can not be delivered in
thanks but i think it was not the correct answer.
Please help me.  I don't know my code to get into the app.
i need you to book me a flight from chicago to montpelier via united
list the shops near me
There is a fee for a transfer, please explain that to me.
I got some cash out of the ATM over the holiday and it seems that I've been grossly overcharged. I wouldn't have done that if I knew of these outrageous charges!
Please turn on the lights in my house.
PDA: Can you turn off the living room lights?
Remind me to go shopping every week
Turn off kitchen light
email john smith
what time is it in london
Remove 6 a. m. alarm of whole week for future.
call dad
do i need a visa for canada
how do i change my car oil
please set an alarm for seven hundred and thirty am tomorrow
provide me the name of who made you
call china king chinese restaurant
Add a notification reminder and calendar event for Thursday at 7:00 AM labeled Sales Meeting please
how many dollars is one mexican peso
can you explain the meaning of life to me
Please update me on any news that has to do with the Blizzard.
turn on hall lights
just call me dennis
yeap you get that perfectly.
how many e's are in sesame
s2, did not get your words.
what types of pets do you keep
what's the facts about nutrients in rice milk
There is a transfer not showing on my account.
would you play the next song
i can't hear just increase the volume
best rap music
Book me a return trip from Edinburgh to London by train
tell me what name to use to refer to you
tell me the name of this song
I bought something this morning and the payment is still pending
Which credit card top-ups do you accept?
start playing the following podcast
i need my furnace turned on
What do you know about the statue of Liberty
flag me an uber for ten pm tonight
what is the status of my credit card application looking like
how much is my salary
What is the longest a US transfer should take to appear in my account?
tell me the lucky color of today
you can call me steve
what is 89 divided by 3
What should I do when my card reaches its expiry date?
i can't use my card because it’s damaged badly
i need help spelling superficial
turn off one light in my bedroom
what is the timezone for quito
What is the weather like?
is it going to rain on monday
where can i use this word
Switch off kitchen lights
can you remind me to go to dentist appointment one day before?
i am interested in what emotions are conveyed in grateful dead music
I have not received the completed transaction.
What identification is required to activate my card?
nice job, you did well.
what time i am waking up tomorrow
is there a quick way to improve my credit score
noodles one pack make it as takeaway
My credit card got declined for top up! What's going on? Can you check on why it didn't go through?
Why can't the person I sent the money transfer to see it?
Describe a tomatillo
let me know when it is ten
what is the reason humans even exist
Am I able to order a new card and have it sent to me in China?
please tell me the current location
get me rate eur/usd yesterday
can you please help me find my lost luggage
email jerry regarding the meeting
I'm not sure why my payment has been declined? Please tell me why, I thought it was all good.
i want to hear something hilarious
I wish to listen that radio channel
Which cards are accepted for topping up?
Turn to billybob show.
i would like to try and confirm that i have a reservation at gusteau's for krystine
look up information on mount rushmore
I need the source of my funds verified. How do I do this?
What steps do I need to take for the identity checking process?
book a flight to los angeles from las vegas on american airlines
how much does general tsos chicken cost at peking garden
Add on my calendar for today, Joe Smith, at 1 pm
What is the procedure for me to get more cards on my account?
anything i need to know
what's my car's gas mileage
what name should i use to address you
Do I have a date Friday?
Tell me the latest news about Donald Trump?
how much does it cost to get my car filled up
Time and date  of today
who do i complain to about my luggage not arriving at the airport
please tell me how much i owe sprint and how much i owe hsn
Why has my card been declined?
I got double charged!
play fmod
i would like you to check the detail please.
I've got a repeated tranasaction on my card.
is the traffic bad enough that i should leave early
I made a transaction but did it to the wrong account.
How can I look at where my available cash is coming from?
add this song to my jazz playlist
My account seems a bit off and getting weird charges.
My transfer is stuck pending? How do we fix it to it goes through?
can you explain to me how to get some more checkbooks mailed to me
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
Can I order a new card?  Mine is about to expire.
My top-up didn't go through; it still says pending. What's up with that?
it is unimportant to me.
which holiday do we celebrate next
oh it was great one.
save my opinion about the current song playing
delete scheduled alarm
what's on my calendar for march 01
My ATM card isn't working for a withdrawl
what amount do my state taxes look like
i wish this event to be removed from my calender
ai was made by whom
set an alarm forty minutes from now
I am bored can you find me something to do near me
is taking out the trash on my to do list
what timezone would missouri be in
I have never been charged a fee for cash withdrawal before. When did that change?
how do you pan sear a porterhouse steak
what's happening in the news
i need a hotel in new orleans with awesome reviews
Go to beginning of previous episode
have i spent too much of my paycheck on donuts lately
I think something is wrong with your top up.  I've been waiting a little over an hour for this to go through, can you send it through for me?
you can send the email to abc@gmail dot com this is my new email address
When Einstein Died?
Make an appointment for me next Saturday at five at the library, and set a reminder.
check my calendar to see if an event called final exams exists
What steps should I take before my card expires?
Movie times tonight.
What is the current exchange rate of Euro to dollar
what's my apr on this card
please give me the expected arrival date for my next paycheck
are there any unread emails from patrick
oh that's wonderful.
Can you please identify the problem with my bank card?
that's perfect work, appreciated.
My password isn't being accepted and I need to reset it.
My identity can't be verified.
where did you live previously
i ran out of checks and need more ordered
where should i go for mexican food in me area
PDA, change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red.
start the league of legends game
don't care.
please let me know how to change the oil
give me election updates
i'd like to rent a limo in las vegas from may 01, 2019 to may 03, 2019
turn the music lower
Show me nearby musical events
showme how to find my location
where is place
get rid of my reservation at chez francois for jennifer
s2, i could not get that.
set repeating reminder for every sunday
I am having a problem proving who I am
please remove any alarms that i have set
How can I change USD to GBP?
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
Do I have any new messages in twitter, Instagram, or Facebook?
Is my card broken?
what is zero divided by zero
most viewed list
i need a high volume
is there traffic expected
you must increase the volume to 4 please
please tell me how can I remove the item
switch the smart plug socket
Tweet a complaint to Amazon about delayed shipment
I'm still waiting for my top-up to go through
why would i be declined if i had money iin my account
What is the traffic situation at the bazaar highway
I am having an issue with an in country transfer I did a few days ago. It has yet to appear in my account. I have checked to be sure that all account information is correct multiple times. What is taking the transfer so long?
put my workout playlist on
make the wemo go on
I've been waiting a while for my card, is there a way to know when it will arrive?
Says my transfer can't be completed?
please buy me something
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
did i put milk on the shopping list
There is a withdrawal that isn't mind in the app.
Remind me that I have an appointment 12 o clock on saturday
How can my new card be renewed?
what time will it be locally at nine am bangalore india time
How do I report my card as lost or stolen?
what is the time frame to get a new card mailed to me
I was wondering how I could have two charges for the same item happen more than once in a 7 day period. Is there anyway I could get this corrected asap.
please play come as you are by nirvana
Create a new list for me
how little can i pay on my phone bill
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or try an alternative
I think my card is broken
can you please shut up.
can you overnight me a few checkbooks
When will the check I deposited post to my account?
how much do i have to pay for my bills this month
will the restaurant deliver the order
Help, I don't see my money i just added.
I thought I was going to receive more currency?
name the capital of nigeria
How do I make a turkey?
what organization manufactures you
what is the time in london
How much does it cost to do a transfer?
how far away is the nearest rest stop
go my to checking account and switch my pin to 1234
I would like help to revert a transaction I did this morning
Lower lights in my room
radio play nine hundred and eighty nine please
nice job, you have done well, olly.
if i want to travel to singapore do i need a visa
What time are the hockey games tonight?
why do u work for them
There is a direct debit I do not recognise in my statement
Olly New york time?
do i have milk on my shopping list please add it if it is not
I can't figure out how to transfer money into my account.
help me to transfer my 401k
So, I was under the impression that you have an offer for crypto top up. This doesn't seem to be working. Now, the money has just disappeared from my account. What is the deal?
it would be nice if you post status for me
what is six hundred euros in u. s. d.
Where am I supposed to be by this time tomorrow?
Playlist with the song 'Clementine '
activate robot vacuum
i want to know td banks interest rates
Recommend Pub, eighth and monte diablo
What is my card's PIN?
What times are today's meetings?
give me new york's current time
What does the decline message mean
where can i go shopping in this area
Open media player and play top 40's hits
stock price for apple
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
How do I update my details?
I want to terminate my account
if a recipe calls for sour cream, can i use yogurt
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
resume harry potter book five
find me the distance and direction by train to rccg in ikoyi lagos
Remove my office meeting event for next week
can i purchase a vacation using this
are there any exchange fees
tweet a complaint to old navy website alexa
book me a train for the next available train
Why was my ATM transaction cancelled?
Is there any way for you to find my card?
My account balance has not updated to reflect my recent transfer.
you have done the task wrong.
roll them bones!
Bring up a recipe for turkey meatballs.
Alexa, email mom and ask how the weather is there
Delete my latest event.
start a new email to george brown
How long are Barack and Michelle married?
you are hero, thank you very much.
what time is it in the eastern half of the us right now
Ok Google, what price are Google stocks trading for
Where can the pin be located?
I need help making this transfer. I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my mortgage payment to go through first. Can you help?
Please help!  I was mugged and everything stolen.  What do I do to stop them from accessing my account?
does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway
What do I do to close my account?
olly start the oven
get my income amount for me
i love to rock out with my sock out
play howard stern on sirius
What if I need my salary in another currency?
please give me the road forecast for i95 sb
There are a few payments in the app that I didn't make! Does someone else have my card?  What should I do?
Do I have any emails from Jessica?
my credit card got torn and i need a new one
would I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
There is an odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's the reason for that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound.
order general t'so eggroll to go
will you say once again please.
Do I have any reminders pending?
do i have a car wash scheduled on my to do list
tweet a complaint to amazon about late shipment
person xy birthday
how busy is michel at 9
i would like to increase my credit limit, can i do so by 500 dollars
tell me my visa limit
I can't find my password
check and confirm what i said please.
the product is not working, can I get a refund?
play tonic
how do i get top up with cash deposit
what is email id of john
yes agree.
i am really craving for chinese food right now please let me order take out
touch the mute button
looking at the past month, what did i spend total
can you find me a train ticket to montauk
i want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare
play the next track
Can you set an alarm for me?
can they do delivery
i shall switch to the male voice
Where is the Taj Mahal?
Are bank transfers immediate?
do i have alarms set before six in the morning
turn off overhead light
What music service has some soul music I can listen to?
Can you play acoustic music with no commercials?
i need some assistance paying my utilities bill
It's not letting me transfer money to my beneficiery.
how is traffic in city
What is the difference between yesterdays and todays stock prices for Walmart
set a reminder alerm for my 5pm meeting please
tell me how good the apr is on my card please
Order a medium pizza with pepperoni and bacon on its
find me square root of forty nine
nope, you did a task in wrong manner.
is the beltway backed up in traffic on saturday mornings at 11 am during the cherry festival
I am still waiting for a money transfer to appear.
arrange a taxi
i want my paycheck to go directly to my bank account
reply to heather's latest email by answering no
remind me about the party tomorow.
what currencies do you accept?
tweet complaint to sony consumer service
PDA i'm driving please auto answer my calls on speaker phone.
Remove meeting reminder for tuesday
I would like to know why my purchases from this morning are still pending.
Rate between these currencies
I would like to know if  in math operations is calculated before the addition, subtraction,multiply or division?
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
i was not clear about your response.
What's the web address to unblock my pin?
Tell me summary forecast Microsoft stock forecast to 30 days ahead
I am having trouble with the app recognizing me.
Will you reinstate my PIN?
uhh no, you gave me not correct information.
How can I transfer money into my account?
what are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox
olly would you shut down please.
hey what's up
i want you to check what just said please.
Please set a reminder for church services on Sundays for 11am.
What currency is supported for exchanges and holding?
that does not matter.
how can i go about jump starting my car
Did Danielle email me today?
play music playlist
please set an alarm for seven hundred and thirty am tomorrow
thanks but i think that's not right response.
how much can i buy on my discover card
share my gps coordinates with my brother
low cooling condition
Cancel tomorrow's meeting with Chuck.
what's the date
when will the replaecment card arrive
text someone
my review
what kind of gas should go in this car
my electric bill should be paid today
Isn't my top-up supposed to mean its complete?
do i need an international visa to go to england
I would like to link my card to my account.
any one is good with me.
i'd like to know this song's name
what is time now in japan compared to usa
what withdrawals were there on my account yesterday
How big is the stashable cinch bag, and what does it look like?
Let's play tic-tac-toe
update my list with shoes
what are the show times of logan
i was using my credit card as a cutting board and accidentally sliced it in half
When will my new card arrive?
how can i exchange currencies
I saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was completed on my account; however, I did not complete it.
Given it is 4:35 pm in London, what time is it in Melbourne?
I transferred some money but the receiver can't pick it up for some reason.
I didn't think my country-to-country money transfer would take so long. It still says that it's pending so I re-checked all of the account information--everything seems right, so what's the deal?
i didn't make these purchases on my card; these are fraudulent charges i need to report them
I am gonna need an umbrella today after sunset?
can you check and confirm the question please.
s1, again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
you need to find an alternate route to my destination
arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
Save this post about the song that I just listened too.
see if all the doors are locked
If I need to make an exchange from USD to GBP, how can I do so in the app?
I tried to withdraw 40 pounds but only 20 came out. Did you steal my money?
reserve a table for 3 at 7 for olive garden
clear this list
What is the first step that I should take after my card has been stolen?
I visited the ATM but got less money than what I requested. Why?
Please speak quieter to me
Please play the top 40's hits in pandora
For my account, how do I transfer money in?
I need to cancel my recent transfer immediately, I made a mistake there, please help quickly before it goes through
what is the due date of my at&t bill
what's on the reminder list
My card arrived but I don't know how to get my PIN.
Why do I get a fee every time I transfer?
When will my deposit be processed?
What is the tallest mountain in Tucson?
How do I add my card to the app once I get it?
remove alarm
what are today's travel advisories
what is the equivalent of one inr in zimbabwe dollars
can you get me a table for two for 8:00 pm at parc
uhh no, you gave me not correct information.
I still don't have a refund.
I live in America, but I would like a card.
i would like to know the route the train will go to get to miami
Is it possible to use my apple watch for topping up?
which food do you give your pets
Tell me current events between yesterday and this morning.
PDA, Please tell me the weather for Washington DC
set a one hour timer
the meeting with XXX will be in 10mins
Do I have any available time for a doctor's appointment on Tuesday morning?
delete all the events of today
whats a silly joke you know?
water is spelled how
i want to know the status of my vacation request
i want to increase your volume
what are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese
buy a flight for me from nyc to la on march 1, returning on march 5
off mobile charger plug
save chhana mereya song in my playlist
send answer to george
cancel my seven am alarm
So what items  actually come  with  extra  fees
Any extra charges for exchanging currencies?
What's the process for exchanges?
Are there any new NPR Op-Eds about Trump today?
would it be ok if i have pepper and not salt
tell me my bank of america routing number
i need you to confirm that there is a reservation under the name david kramer for 7:00 pm at pietro's
I like Senatra songs
just to confirm you set the alarm to go off at eight hundred
revert to the original configuration
I recently purchased something, and the exchange rate was wrong.
Estimated time arrival for transfers?
i need to know the the carry-on restrictions for american airlines
you are smart.
please add this song to my playlist favorites
who do i contact to report fraud on my visa
i'd like to hear what said again.
I haven't received my cash yet.
find local events
i will need a scalf in  afternoon to overcome sunlight
you are awesome, thank you so much.
please check last thing i said.
how is president's trump office proceeding
what size is a sperm whale
How do I use contactless payments?
who is the one who programmed you
place a hold on my bank account
append my playlist with smooth operator by sade
help me change my insurance plan
what date do i get paid
what is the latest headline news from this newsource
do i need a plug converter when i visit russia
show me all the events happening in milan
I was double charged, and the second charge is showing as "pending". How long will it be before I get my money back once the second charge has been refunded?
yes right response to the command.
Why do I need to verify my funds?
ticket for delhi
i enjoy listening to this song it really calms me down
what's the song that we are listening at this moment
how would i say i'm not guilty if i were mexican
Keep me up to date with news on certain topics.
What's the latest on the judicial hearings?
is my work alarm set for tomorrow
how to cook that meal
don't really mind.
book me a hotel in st louis near the arch from march 2nd to 5th
when do i have some time off next
PDA do I have anything planned?
i need to order more checks for my savings account
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and inr
The rate of exchange isn't right for my cash withdrawal.
why do i have a failed transfer
Currently my card is broken.
Listen to x playlist next
How long do tranfers from a UK account usuallt take for you? I just made a transfer and nothing shows up, so just wondering if things went ok
tell me about my american express application; did it go through
how do you spend your spare time
i don't really mind for whatever.
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
I challenge you to a game
where were you manufactured
Lights Dim
Political news of importance for the day
i need to know my present gps coordinates
Will money be added automatically when necessary?
i think that's not right command.
that is perfect job, i appreciate it.
Can I get money out of any machine?
Is it normal to get charged extra when i use my card?
What is the exchange rate for USD to NZD
My transfer was declined
Can you look into why my most recent top-up is showing as pending? I thought it was supposed to be instantaneous.
what is the traffic now
post in tweeter my vist to japan
send an email in response to this
give me the location for the nearest bank
delete all appointments for tomorrow
i would prefer your voice to be male
I have not received my card and it's been a week, what do I do?
set the volume higher
it might go either way
Please, activate my card
has my order been shipped
change my clock to central time zone from my current zone
would you please check question.
how is coca cola stock doing today
Make the radio turn on now
what did you mean by it.
Can you book an Uber for me?
Please darken the lights.
are my contacts mostly female or male
Next episode please.
Set a 2 day notification before Maria's birthday please.
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
Tap Start, and then select Settings.
get me directions to meijer
i need to get a mastercard somehow
Is there a sports bar near Kansas City Plaza area?
i think you messed up with my command.
you like the song
on my calendar are there any birthdays
speak mandarin
when do i have to get my tires changed
nice to meet you
can i put in a pto request for january 4th to january 9th
Boiled.
i would like this alarm permanently removed
How do I unblock my pin after entering it wrong too many times?
do i need an international visa to go to tibet
What is John Smith's home phone number
what's the name of the piece you are playing
Do you know why my card payment is declined?
Is it possible to top up with cash? If so how do I do it?
make a grocery list please
Make a Jars of Clay playlist for me
Love me some Brad Paisley
I need to transfer something ASAP from China, how long will it take to post to my account?
What is the recipe for
Is there a local ATM that will provide British pounds, I have no money for my homeward journey and do not feel comfortable waiting until  I arrive in Britain. Will a withdrawal involve extra charges?
What does a basketball feel like?
what's hot social media topics
i want more light.
Do you charge extra for exchanging currencies?
i will be in uruguay from january to august, please let me bank know
What's the traffic on 80 today?
Add practice to calendar on Feb 4 at King's Park at 2 p.m..
I would like you to add an email to my contacts.
How can I transfer some money into a foreign account?
Let me know the steps for the identity checks
look up hotels with positive reviews in new york city
make the ceiling lights brighter
remove the alarm for tomorrow
i want to hear what i've said again.
How do I dial Sarah?
put this song on my edm playlist
how is the day today
end pause on audio book history of rome
what's the time in anchorage timezone
Did I recieve any emails from Tori?
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and euro
what do i need in order to jump start my car
i'd like you to confirm it please.
How many days are in this month?
Does my account have the option to hold multiple currencies?
can i sub ketchup for mustard
I tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
can you tell me my to do list
Show me news about Trump
i broke my card trying to do a magic trick
The ATM charged me an extra fee, Why?
I tried to withdraw money but I was declined!
There are a few payments in the app that I didn't make! Does someone else have my card?  What should I do?
Is there a way you can have money from a purchase I made refunded to my account.
how old are kim kardashian's children
how long until my paycheck shows up
how many eggs should i put in my cake mixture
weather forecast please
ask for the weather today morning
i need you to check if my credit card points are redeemable right now
your answer was not what i was looking for.
what is the temperature i am supposed to cook this lasagna at
what's the email address of silvia
switch off kitchen lights
Olly, what are some theme parks nearby?
please tell em the list of trains to chicago via california
how much time it will take to prepare the order
what is the netflix stock price
is the traffic backed up at the closest circle k
i need to get up at seven am
you have gotten that exactly.
when is my doctor's appointment
Okay, Reply to email.
Can anyone else top-up for me?
i tried using my card at chipotle yesterday and it was declined; why
I noticed that there was an extra charge fee on my account. Could You explain to me why?
what goes with risotto
olly that's enough, cancel.
What was the extra charge for using my card?
ally please play pandora radio
decrease twenty percent
please try the things one more again.
How can I find out the source of my available cash?
How did Charlize Theron learn how to speak English?
Activate the wemo plug socket
please lower the lights a little bit
stop, you have me incorrectly.
please turn off wemo socket
define the word novel
thanks for reminding me, olly.
add what im listening to to my rock playlist
please send to new email address listed
Why is my top-up still outstanding?
i want to order a pizza from michael's pizza
My card isn't working
shit, you have done a task all in wrong manner.
I believe my card payment has reverted
throw mopping onto my to do list
remove three o'clock meeting from the schedule today
can you tell me a few funny jokes
what's the current temperature outside
what is the traffic today
you should not have done that.
i want what i'm listening to to be added to my chill playlist
This is one of the best songs for me
google the word
please speak up
who are the people responsible for you
reset to factory settings
the time in cairo please
I would like you to come up with the answer to the question
there is a charge i dont recognize
u. s. d. to g. b. p.
is there a traffic jam on my route
Play for me Jazz music
I deposited cash this morning, but it's not showing up in my account. Can you tell me where's my money?
purchase a flight from boise to sacramento on sunday and returning on wednesday
My contactless payments have not been completed successfully.
Vacuum the kitchen
remind upcoming meeting with eminem
Why is my transfer stuck on pending?
does the nearby dominos have delivery
do i need to wait for my card before i get pin
do you know the apr on my chase credit card
Email my boss that I'm coming in late today.
Tag this song with 5 stars
do i have a dentist appointment on monday morning
6 inch voices please
you are star, thank you so much.
book my chair class ac train ticket from manhattan to new york
can you give me the latest sports news
remove emma's birthday from events
is there a minimum gas grade this car needs
flip that coin now
don't speak for an hour
i was at walmart today and my card got declined when i went to buy qtips
Why wasn't my payment to beneficiary X approved?
i really would like to get a new insurance plan
What kind of businesses will take my card?
is it acceptable to swap milk for water
are there any veg restaurants in phoenix
i just used my last check and need more now
i need an uber
stock prices of ...
i need to call sal
play radio mirchi for me
hey olly check emails
do i have any alarms set
How can I find a way to transfer money without it being rejected?
Fix your system. I can't make transfers, I've tried like 5 times already.
After the transfer, the balance did not update.
please convert 2 inches into meters for me
what is six divided by two
That song was awesome, can you repeat?
I was under the impression I can make transfers for free. I made an online purchase for something that was obroad and there's some additional strange fee. I've never seen this before and this isn't fair.
How long will a transfer from China take? I need to transfer something from there.
how much did i spend on shcool due last year
for how many years was abraham lincoln president of united states
Alexa, I would have avoided the traffic if I went early
Is it friday.
would you care to let me know where you were made
Why did you charge a fee when I withdrew from an ATM?
give me recipes
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
will you tell me that once more please.
go ahead and erase cashews from my list, and add walnuts to it, please
i want to finish listening to the book one thousand nine hundred and eighty four from where i left off
Hello, Please look into this matter urgently. As i have lost my wallet and i can see one withdrawal, now i do not want to loose more money.
What is the news on Donald Trump
PDA, erase my appointment for March 7.
how healthy are potato skins
It appears my card expires next month, can I order a new one?
My card is about to expire. Do I have to go to a branch to order a new card?
i want to hear the female voice from now on
open the contact alex in phonebook
What is Mr. taxi's phone number, it is in my contacts?
how much is my credit score
can you get me simple instructions on how to do an oil change
Put the disco lights on
can you please again clarify.
Which locations can I withdraw money from?
"i'll be travelling from lax and headed to phl for 120 on the 10th of may
Using an ATM caused me to incur an additional fee. Why?
Stay quite
what is your country
remove my wake up alarm
Why have I not received a virtual card yet?
Are both Visa and Mastercard offered?
what is a good rap album that came out this year
what kind of hertz outlets do they use in z
please confirm what i just said.
what name do you want me to call you
How can I get funds into my account from my American Express?
Why would my transfer result in a decline message?
i gotta say no
I can't hear just increase the volume.
Why can't I use my card?
app does not recognize me
please help me increase my mastercard credit card limit
can you tell me what name you have for me
skip to next episode
will you replay that please.
Are there any pending appointments this morning?
what is three plus four
I just made an order and noticed an extra fee. Why have you charged me this without informing me?
Where would I find top up by cash deposit?
you did awesome job,.
what time is set for my wake up alarm
Why isn't my balance updating?  I did a bank transfer and it isn't current.
did carrots get on my shopping list
Where can I get a second card?
Remind me tomorrow morning of my schedules for Tuesday
please change color of light to pinkish
help with credit card application status
order two pizzas from dominoes
recommend artists similar to rihanna
Olly, launch Pandora and play 'thumbprint radio'
visa card, i want to apply
how many days off did i use so far
train schedule
I haven't gotten my new card.
How is this weeks weather
my credit score is what
set up payroll direct deposit to my checking account
Play some tracks by Michael Jackson.
it's too dark i can't even see my hands
time between US and canada
reply the email of charles with just thank you right now
is it recommended to get any specific shots before i travel to canada
thanks for this information.
steve needs to know my location
i would like you to check last thing i said please.
What time is it in mountain time zone?
my new work schedule list
play old fashioned christmas music
when is the expiration date for my visa card
what's the time set to in florida right now
Change this song to the first place
I have a transfer waiting.
what am i listening to
Remove calender events
PDA I am leaving early today.
i really ska music
what day is the meeting on
that statement was correct
What is the last day of the month?
whats the status of my united flight
Will I be able to get away with shorts today?
My money disappeared right when I tried to top up
Write email to family member and read it back
what is your native home
What forms of ID do you need for identity verification?
Why hasn't my transaction completed?
please set reminder
sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
place alarm at 5 o'clock morning
complete a roll on a 4 sided dice
i am now out of checks, how do i order new ones
did dan send me any emails
My disposable virtual card is not working
can you find the the preacher joe show on gospel radio
Play football with me
anything is okay for me.
can you set a reminder alarm for me to workout
who is <unk>
Where is the closest ATM I can use?
are there any steps i need to take to use my credit card points
what are the health benefits i have
call pizza hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms
will there be ash in the sky in LA today
change the house lights to pink
read me new messages from name
Delete that item
Activate coffee machine.
Why did I get a $1 extra fee on the statement?
Pleae play me the Michael Jackson song again
nope, thanks.
How many items are on my list ?
Please open Blokus game, I would like to play with you
do i need shots before i get to africa
I think someone stole my card because I can't find it.
please turn on whisper mode because i am about to be in class
how much on bills to i have to pay
I need to transfer something from China, How long will it take?
what is the time zone of france
Olly, find my food.
My card's expiration is approaching, how do I replace it.
Disaster, I've totally forgotten my passcode, can you help me?
Siri, how are the working conditions for the people who make you?
can you shut down please.
I had to pay one pound more than the set price!
i have to know what the traffic typically like at 3:30 on the route to phoenix
check on my reservation for umami at 6pm
What country was Einstein from?
i need for you to connect to my phone
I was unaware of the additional charge that was added onto my previous payment. A notification of extra charges would be appreciated in the future.
please speak a bit faster
Why wasn't it obvious that you charge for payments? If you put the fees in an easy to read format, this could have been avoided.
how long to get downtown.
I would like to hear Fresh Air.
Is the meeting scheduled for tomorrow?
increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
Why am I not able to verify my id?
I'm still waiting for my card that was issued a week ago. What should I do?
Do you know how to change my card PIN?
What do I have to do this week?
you've done it right.
lights off
What do I need to do to get a refund?
what do you call a subway if you were english
can you add a doctor's appointment to friday's calendar
What is a narwhal?
any travel advisories for portugal
why hasn't my virtual card arrived?
have i spent a lot on food recently
please give me the amount of pressure in my car tires
aloha
who manufactured you
please check this info on geographics for me
i need a meeting room between 3-7, are any available
I lost my card. Can you help me?
i lost my luggage coming from chicago on delta flight ab123
Remove the list of person starting from letter M in my contact list
take me to the most popular post
I normally have no issues making transfers, so why am I suddenly being told it is not possible?
appreciated, that is great job.
Latest news feed from facebook
i don't want you synced to my phone anymore
What is the subject of Mom's last email?
shit, you made a mistake, please correct this.
What are the policies of disposable cards?
check the status of my power usage
how can i say i love you in italy
How can I get another card?
what's the interest rate i have from illinois national
what sort of things can you help me with
can you do a math problem
find and play workout playlist
What shoul i wear? Is it cold outside.
today i had a record breaking sale
are there are any delays on my commute
do you have any idea why my account may be blocked
call me shane
cancel my account
what gas is needed for the car
Where do I find how to top off with a check?
Checkout domino centre near me and order Chese pizza
help me determine my interest rate
I use this card all the time so why did it get declined at the store today?
My transfer failed to process correctly. Is there a reason this would happen?
i no longer need milk, so forget that
are there any vacancies in new york city from april 2 through april 8
Can friends add to my account
Can i have a card to my daughter?
turn the lights off
How old do you need to be to have an account?
title?
i'm desperate to know about my cc processing
Is there a way to change my PIN without having to go to the bank?
could you check and let me know roundtrip flights from dallas to houston for march 7 and march 20
turn up the brightness
What do I need to remember?
create a playing teams and play with them
Play jingle bells
Will my GPB update my salary
what time of day is it in london
Give me a description of a Boeing 747.
resume the playback of zanes se chronicles
tell me when my credit card expires
I transferred some money but it is not here yet
my battery died in my car, how can i jump start a battery
make the light more brighter
I am not able to verify my id. Why?
check delivery options for the restaurant
Can I link my card I previously received?
add appointment in the list
order me a cheese burger from tommy's burgers
what do you put in chili
Latest news updations
My card payment was reverted
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
Where can I find out the fee structure for my account? I have been charged fees for some transactions, but not for other ones. I can't find a pattern in these fees.
Order two medium cheese and one medium pepperoni pizza from Dominoes.
How long do I have to wait for a US transfer?
Where can I find a fijord
Why was a transfer to an account not allowed?
what transactions do i have on my visa from the last 4 weeks
PDA, call mom.
Please remind me of
will the restaurant deliver the order
you've understood command perfectly.
would you check it please.
Will it be raining tomorrow.
how long to get to work
PDA please set a meeting to discuss terrorism with Fred on the next available meeting day.
what are the new movies releasing
Remind me every year/week/month on this date of
I need to change my home address.
i need help paying my tuition bill
book a motel in uptown from march 3 to march 4
50 cent
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
what's my total net worth in all of my bank accounts
calculate ____
why do i need to verify the top up?
how is my application on new credit card going
please notify my bank i'm going to africa between tomorrow and next tuesday
will you please go back over everything on my to do list
can you give me the time in this time zone
show me upcoming programmes on one hundred and five point one
tell me your brand
is it gonna snow
How do I verify my identity?
can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow
tell me a fun fact about the olympics
How many disposable virtual cards can you have?
I have a fee and I don't know why
please again clarify me on last sentence.
please update my status on facebook with good evening
whats the timezone for modesto
i said do this.
could you please check and confirm what i said.
what's the time in new york
can you help locate my phone
The ATM shows a withdraw of the amount of money I requested but I didn't revieve that amount in cash.
give me the alarm times for the next two days
please schedule a meeting with this person
tell me what lists i currently have
I couldn't transfer to an account.
book an outstation cab for tomorrow
it's excellent job, thank you very much.
call the closest mexican restaurant
I am perplexed. Why is it that I received an extremely wrong rate when I tried to use an ATM using a foreign currency?
Tell me what time it is right now
Save chhana mereya song in my playlist
I have a pending payment from stuff I bought this morning.
i need you to send 500 dollars from my high tier account to my regular checking account
what day did i last take my car in
i wanna know when should i get my oil changed next
give me my facebook update every three hours
Am I able to get a card in EU?
let's try what i've just said one more time again please.
How can I create a disposable virtual card?
what time does the train arrive from san diego to north hollywood
Why did the ATM give me less money than what I requested?
sorry, i didn't catch that could you say it again
get me a train ticket to go to
you have to reserve a table for 4 at red robin under the name kevin at 7
What is the process for transferring money into my account?
Can you tell me what hypertrophy means?
write down these items
pass the following using email to
can I be charged for topping up by card
Alert me about birthday of wife in advance.
It was a tough day today.
Book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
I made a purchase this morning, and it is showing as pending.
please book the five pm train to rockville
can you see if paying garbage bill is on my todo list for this week
please open a reply to the email
What is the weather in Columbus?
please set event on Tuesday
i need the routing number for my woodlawn account
can you check where my luggage is off jetblue flight ab123 out of buffalo
can you shut off.
can i ask you all different types of questions
can i have the expiration date for my capital one card
please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
can you stop speaking
What do I do to link my new card?
what is telekenesis
does the box have nutrition facts for cheerios on it
Play NCAA Match Kentucky vs Arizona live
how long do i boil eggs
tell me what my credit rating is
Why won't my card work.
how are yards converted to inches
tweet a discusted face about McDonalds
Do I get any sort of discount on volume for a lot fo currency exchanges?
Why wasn't my bank balance updated?
I think my phone was stolen. What can I do?
i need to know what kind of gas i can use on this car
remove my to do list
how many emails today
i wanna know what is currently on my calendar for friday the 1st
Why can't I get cash?
are the streets congested right now
How to receive virtual card?
i need to do a fair coin flip
go to my job portal, i'd like to know how many days off i have used
Why isn't my Google Pay top up working for me? Did I do something wrong?
Where's the verification code for the top-up card?
can my car get to dallas with the gas currently in my tank
I'd like a coffee now
what time is it on the west coast
please read the last email for me
Make new playlist from recent songs
Turn of the lamp socket
anything is ok to me, olly.
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
Is there a fee for paying by card?
Look to see if Luigi's has take-a-way.
olly that is enough, cancel it.
Get in contact with (sender) on email
it looks like someone made an unauthorized amazon purchase on my account
what alarms have been set for me
i would not mind for any one.
please brighten the lights
Explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
please add sugar to my shopping list if it's not on it
Add Rebecca Green to my list of favorite contacts
s1, again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
Check for emails from my boss.
in what timezone is atlanta located
can i obtain health benefits
top up is still pending
what kind of plug type do they use in russia
find john smith from alabama
can't find w-2
it was really nice to be able to chat with you
lets play chess together
What time is it in Mountain Standard Time?
Olly, i want to play some video games
play tic tac toe with me
could you cancel my reservation for winters at the palace tonight
Why isn't top-up working? My top-up money disappeared after I saw that it was successfully transferred. Is it gone? Where did it go?
steps to raise my credit score
can to please clear my calendar of all events
Something is wrong, my top-up is gone and I don't know what happened to my money.
what is elvis favorite ride
would you say you're a person who likes cats or dogs more
call my best friend
How can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
do you know of any good free knitting patterns
what is happening in the area
Remove next meeting today in my calendar.
i need this song on my jam playlist
hey do you know any jokes
How can I go about transferring money to my account?
what is planned for today in my local area
I think I was double charged
i want to know the nutrition info for chicken nuggets
how much is one american dollars worth in england
How do I dispute a direct debit transaction?
tell me what's on my calendar for march 22nd
change the pin on my capital one account to be 1234
What events are scheduled next Tuesday between 11am and 3pm?
what time does my flight board
Any place that takes Mastercard would be fine.
how many calories are in a bag of regular doritos
my name is jim
make a new alarm
I have a transaction that shows several times
make a new list for school supplies
play country music
how is life treating you
i can't see turn up the lights
do i have a busy day today
i withdraw cash from the ATM and was charged a fee
i asked for 100 only got 80
Delete it
can you tell me the time zone for la
Olly good night, lights off
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
hey olly have you heard any funny jokes lately
what can i substitute butter with
what's the traffic on the one hundred and one
I haven't received my PIN yet. Do I need to get it from you?
for the shopping list, order everything
what is the weekend weather forecast?
What time is the party tonight
what's my map location
has my delivery order showed up
I am not comfortable verifying my indentity.
Where can I verify my identity?
Can I use this app for both USD and GBP?
How would I go about getting a second card?
alert my financial institution that i will be traveling to bangkok on april 2 and returning on april 7
heard any good jokes
Why did my credit card get declined for top up?
improve volume clarity
i need to know when i last took my car in for a check up
i want to email my supervisor
Can you tell me the restrictions for the disposable cards?
i want to go to korea, do i need an international visa
times clapping sound times
i will be telling my bank of my upcoming trip to spain
What is the lowest Microsoft stock price today
I want to know the source of my funds.
activate the robot and vacuum the floor
Tell what is the value of sin 30
My PIN was blocked.
Make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
What is the average pending time for a transaction?
is the air pressure on my tires low
please remove the alarm which i set for today morning.
PDA, Set an alarm for...
please tell me how cani remove the item
i want to tell susan that the meeting has been cancelled
How many transactions can I do with one disposable card?
tell jim i'm coming home soon
please will you reset.
start the radio now
what are weekend rates for getting cash
Tweet on the bad service
what are the climatic conditions in that area
I just transferred my friend money, but she hasn't received it yet, and it's been a few hours. Can you tell me when to expect it to go through?
can you check to see if my order has been delivered
share my location wtih amanda now
Why has my money been returned back to my card.
what month does my credit card expire
how do i get the form to file my taxes from my employer
I need to terminate my account.
Olly play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
What are the reasons that my mortgage payment won't go through? I'm getting an error and don't know how to correct to get this transfer to go through.
translate hello in french
i do not really mind, olly.
I need to cancel a transfer I made.
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at four pm time
would you confirm detail.
Find me square root of forty nine
is my day off request still pending
stocks fb
Remind me to go to the gym every monday and tuesday
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
what is the date easter falls on
would you stop please.
share my location with ma
I was wondering how I could have two charges for the same item happen more than once in a 7 day period. Is there anyway I could get this corrected asap.
where did they make you
who sings the song about a long black train
how do i find top up for cash deposit
would i need new tires if my last purchase was in may of 2018
When will a transfer from the US post?
I deposited a check but my balance is still the same.
How do I cancel my transfer?
cancel my meeting tomorrow
Turn my lights down to a lower level of brightness
How many cards can I have?
Am I able to modify my account details?
Why can't I verify my identity?
share my location with darren and stacey
Tell me what is on the list
what are my coordinates
olly i want you stop.
Please tell me how to get a physical card.
you have understood my instructions exactly.
play howard stern on sirius
heller
what’s your favorite funny joke
i want you just cancel it.
How long will a transfer from Europe take?
can you adjust the speed of your voice
I got billed an extra pound!
please can you stop.
put a block on bank of amerian immediately
I am concerned that I am being doubled charged for several items purchased in the past week.  Please review my statement and correct.
I have exceeded the number of times I can try my PIN
Am I able to get this shipped to China?
this is unimportant to me.
start playing fm ninety six point five when it is one pm
help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies
see if you can get me a room in colorado springs near garden of the gods from march 01 to march 02
is there a sports bar near kansas city plaza area
If I need delivery on a certain day, is that something that could be accommodated?
Lower brightness of lights.
How high is the S&P?
What song do I listen to the most?
Start vacuum cleaner now
you did excellent job, thank you so much.
How have Megatel shares done last week?
Why do my transfers keep failing?
what is john doe's address
could you tell me where did you originate
friend updates
Remove set alarm
My billing address changed and I need to update my information.
Make me coffee now
hey what is the definition of survey
Do you do SWIFT transfers?
what degree is it outside
i can't remember when my car last went to the shop, can you find out for me
tell me something funny about pizza
can we skip this song
open my calendar
What date is Easter Sunday this year?
find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
i would love to find a few vegan restaurants in back bay
I would like to know how much I can top-up.
Is currency exchange possible?
how is my vacation looking
timer for 5 minutes
What do I have planned next Monday from noon to 3:00
Speaker volume (increase/decrease)
are my tires ok on pressure
i want to buy a train ticket tomorrow for boston to new york
please convert the time of here at nine pm to brasil time zone
Weather report of Boston
kenny roger's lady play
add email address iamironman@gmail dot com
lets fin out some fun facts about humans
please give me detail of o zaalima song
dim the lights
what is twelve plus one hundred and ninety six
I made a deposit a couple of days back it's, as of yet, not gone in! It would be ideal if you assist me with this
suggest movies and songs that I would like, but that aren't necessarily like ones I've already said I like
do i have to bring jacket?
my card got damaged and i need to report it, please
It is a sunny day today, right?
Is there anywhere I can't use my card?
add 'john@gmail.com' to contacts
I'm not sure why my account has been refunded a payment for an item I've already received about 2 weeks ago. Can you please tell me what is going on?
Set reminder in one hour for a meeting.
find me the cheapest train ticket to spain
remove lunch with co workers on thursday
What's the latest news on Donald Trump?
tell me how to get from here to the chimes in covington
Is there a reason my transfer would have been declined?
i want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me
i need to know how much 100 dollars is worth in euros
how old are you again
that does not really matter, olly.
how many miles is five kilometers
if i leave now, how long will it take me to drive to cape hatteras
i need to know today's forecast
how can i find the interest rate for my red river account
How long will it take to verify my account?
could you tell me how much i've spent over the past two weeks
lower battery consumption to save setting
How did the extra charge on my card come in effect?
Is it possible to use my credit card to transfer money?
Tell me why there is a charge on my cash withdrawl.
What is the current temperature in Miami
please turn off my patio lights
Please help!  I was mugged and everything stolen.  What do I do to stop them from accessing my account?
what did happen today
how do i make lassagna
I made a payment that is not yet complete.
Why won't cash come out of the ATM?
play this audiobook for me
please schedule a meeting room for 9am on friday
what restaurants are open near me
Turn the lights off in my bed room.
stop the transaction
UEFA European Championship
Help me reset the passcode.
who did I get email from today?
Why did I get declined when trying to get cash?
who is the music director of this song
Why was my cash withdrawal declined by the ATM?
Hi, In morning, i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but it got declined. So far it was working fine. Could you please check my card.
What is the time now in San Diego?
can you lie
remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at seven hundred and forty five pm
your answer was not what i was looking for.
is my 10am village inn reservation valid
i need to know the conversion for dollars to pesos
at 5 pm, is kaya very busy
could you just cancel it please.
please turn on whisper voice
i need more candy so could you order me a pack
from dollar to euro
Use Schadenfraude in a sentence.
can you check and see i have a reservation under alex for bon apetite
are there any recent emails from rohit
ask peking garden when my food will arrive
what is this charge i didnt do it what can i do
I need to order a new card, can you please direct me to the virtual cards?
do i need to go under the car to change oil
i would like to hear your last the procedure said again.
what's the funniest thing you've got
hey siri make the lights a little dimmer
Tweet @applebee my chicken was raw #foodpoisoning
Can I get my card expedited?
what's up with my order
cancel the breakfast at tiffany's house
where maradona lives now
initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
What time are my alarms?
find step by step instructions on how to change my oil
who programmed you
olly can you shut down.
slow your roll
where do i get the form that shows my wages for the year for taxes
can you tell me something funny
My PIN can't access my card, can you help?.
Olly pause for ten seconds
Please set the vacuum to start going now.
How can the recipient see my money transaction?
i want my checking balance at chase
checkout top restaurant near me and order shahi panner
what would five pounds be in kilos
My card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks. Is it lost?
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't do myself, never seen that name before.
reduce light intensity
please tell me the name of this band
I just checked and my payment was cancelled, why?
do i have to buy milk
look up stock prices for my mutual funds and account
I am seeing in the App a diret debit that its not mine
i need to do taxes and have to get a w2
Explain what the pending payment means?
Can top ups be done from an apple watch.
What time is it in London now?
I'm locked out of my account as I can't remember my code, what do I do now?
how many days processing new card?
Open the r/news subreddit on Reddit.
I tried using my card and it kept getting declined, Why?
What is the temperature for Houston, Texas?
olly please can you shut up.
Plesae let me know the current time at New Delhi
please confirm my reservation for march 1st at 2pm
uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
when will i need my next oil change
book an uber suitable for seating 5 individuals and headed for the mall
is there a problem with my account, it appears to be blocked
I would like to know the events happening around here
what can't i carry-on to delta
please let me know the morning alarm time kept for weekends
I tried to used my card in a shop and the transaction was declined.
on my grocery list please add oranges
lower volume level
please send my location to rob and mary
what date will it be 6 days from now
I've tried numerous times to submit a transfer of funds. Why isn't it going through?
i want to figure out how to rollover my 401k
I misplaced my phone so I can't use the app! Does this mean I can't use my card?
i want manual on how to change oil
please be quiet
what is the plot of the most recent will smith movie
take work from my calendar for may 7th
more lights please
fifteen plus twenty
how is the traffic around city center
can you slow down
how long to get a new credit card
please tell me my alarms
can you see how many calories are in cream of mushroom soup
tell me about current status of sunderland vs liverpool match
Notify me one hour before my meeting.
please unsync my phone
turn speaker volumne down alexa
How long does it take for money to transfer?
transaction failed?
Inform me of my new emails
olly i will talk to you later.
how long should i cook chicken for
play purple haze
i want to see the news
change the color of lights
will you remove the dinner with june on saturday the 4th at 7pm from my calendar
social info
Can you tell me if I've got any unread emails from today?
Olly, write a small text on Facebook
are there any events happening in town
how much time to reach doctors office
when will my discovery card expire
any news for me regarding my day off request
Start the vacuum cleaner
Can you give me info about what to do when my card expires?
How long is it going to take for my funds to show in my account?
What do I need for the identity verification?
i need to send my current location to sean
Why isn't my card working? I was pumped to use my new card but it keeps getting declined. Help please.
what timezone does lisbon have
give me the reviews for chipotle
i need an uber for 3 passengers to go to madison square garden
Tune into 99.5 FM.
who plays this song
I have transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed
What is the current forecast for Maine?
Please check payments on my card. There is a duplicate and I only bought it once.
New Friends Request Details
Hello, I wanted to get some more information about ATM Withdraw Fee. I have been withdrawing money for years and notice this charge on my account. I always thought it was no fee since its you guys ATM company that I am withdrawing. Can you please explain?
world/local news
is a shot required before traveling to mexico
do you know if whether or not zeus does reservations
Just to confirm, you set the alarm to go off at 8:00?
if i use my card in denver will i get charged extra
When I try and to buy something using my card it keeps getting declined.
i didn't catch that so please repeat it
find me a flight out of la to chicago on march 3rd for under $500
what is the minimum i can pay for the gas bill
I would like to know why my payment is still pending, can you help?
Do I have any incoming emails?
If I want a physical card, do I have to pay anything?
time to sleep
i would like to check my rewards for my credit card
Make a new shopping list
what is the current stock price of rolls royce
would you elaborate again to me please.
I would prefer a Mastercard.
remind me about the meeting
check and tell me the address of my friend alex
please stop it
how much is twenty two usd in euros
Help!  My card is stolen.
recite the schedules of the list.
I have lost my phone or it has been stolen.
Please save the remarks I have on this current song.
want to know how to get virtual card
How do I get my PIN unlocked?
I was charged two times for the same thing.
can you help
can you invite mr. Chen for a meeting next Monday 6:00pm?
when does my gas bill need paid by
add grocery to list
doy ou know what timezone chicago is in
i don't bother.
mobile shop
how come when i got cash the exchange rate was different than it should be
what is happening in the world right now
switch back to factory settings
How can I pay for top-ups?
do i need to change my oil soon
Is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
Can you make a red shade of light in the living room?
how many minutes will it take to get to the empire state building in manhattan
call city cab to airport
name the five star attractions in gatlinburg
what are the steps for setting up direct deposit for my paycheck
so are you a real person
give me a company for playing football
Hey Olly, how is the weather in Long Island, New York?
when it is nine in the east what time is it in the west
Is it possible for me to change my PIN number?
get me news.
please decrease the volume of this song
What song is playing now.
can you slow down your speech
are there any vegan restaurants in my town
i need a train ticket traveling to new york in may
how much time do i have to keep tofu in the freezer before it goes bad
What items are on my shopping list?
wake me up at time
can you look for a denver international to new york international round trip flight for the 5th though 8th
can you check the balance on the water bill
does germany have any travel alerts i should be aware of
What do I do to activate?
What is this witdrawal
can you find me a recipe for quiche
can you help me with rolling over my 401k
How do I go about ordering a card?
set a reminder today at 1:00pm to send the presentation
pls turn off the lights in bedroom
What things do I need to verify my identity?
I seem to have been charged to much for my holiday purchases, the exchange rate is wrong.
give me the routing number of my checking account at my main bank, first commerce
please confirm my reservation at brio for theodore
What is going on with my cash deposit. I'm looking at my account balance and it is not there. It has been almost a week. Someone better get back to me asap.
find gluten free bakery near me
play audiobook of planets
how many shares of apple can I get for 800$
Are there restrictions for my disposable card since it does not seem to be working?
audio
i wanted to remember somethings, what was it
list albums of rihana
Turn the lights down a bit
WHAT IS THE ATMOSPHERE OF IT
hey turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
Lead the way to the place!
ticket for delhi
what day is the cable bill owed on
when will my paycheck be available
can i get the food to go
Send email to Mom starting with the subject: Vacation.
A fee came along with me paying with card
you can call me michael
what is worth doing around here
remind me on fifth march of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
define alarm
remind me about the meeting with dentist on  the twenty third of May
I would like to use cash to make a top-up?
My card payment is showing up as pending for a very long time, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
Can you add up 13+5+9 for me?
what time is my doctors appointment
Olly, anything else left on the list?
Why has my card payment been reversed?
what timezone is new york in
Can I open an account for my children?
please connect the device to my phone
i want to know my reminders
i need to increase my credit limit for my visa credit card, can you assist me
Will I have to wait much longer for my new card to arrive?
a little brighter thanks
don't do this process
on my list of reminders is what
can you tell me what the ac is on
remove mike stein from contacts list
uh no.
change the lights of the house to a blue hue
now tell me my credit card's apr
draw
I need to verify my identity. How do I do that?
turn down the lights a little please
any new mail
Get a me a train ticket to Milwaukee from Chicago on Sunday morning.
what ingredient can be used instead of saffron
can you permanently talk faster
that song is my favorite
put me back on my factory settings
whats 5 feet in inches
Tell me all the current events in my hometown.
what are the nutrition facts for peanut butter
can you put in a pto request for the 5th of june to june 8th
what movies are playing right now
my card has become too frayed and torn to use
book a train ticket on the five hundred and two in fifteen minutes
I tried to use the ATM today but it would not accept my card.
Can my daughter also have a card issued in her name, but linked to my account?
What is a caftan?
i am sorry but you messed up.
Why do we need to verify a top-up card?
#NAME?
Do you think I can wear sandals or should I wear sneakers tonight at 7pm?
I need help cancelling a transaction.
My billing address changed and I need to update my information.
how do i cash in my reward for chase
What time does the Acme meeting start on Friday?
will you once again clarify to me please.
i will rollover my 401k
tell to joe's email that come to my house in this moment i am alone
what does obligatory mean
can someone tell me why my check engine light is on
does minnies cafe in modesto take reservations
play a rai music
what's my income
Turn off one light on porch
I can't find my phone and I'm worried someone is going to use it
I want to reverse a purchase. Can I cancel it?
google pay top up did not work
It appears my top-up is still pending.
What do I do if I think my card was improperly used?
Can my 19 year old daughter open a savings account at the bank?
can you assist me on my fradulent activity on my chase card
make an alarm for 3pm
Where did Amal Clooney go to college?
Play funk music
if i call mike in california at six pm what will his time be
it is of no importance with me.
What are my new contact emails?
Mute volume.
I was supposed to get a refund but I do not see it on my statement. When is it going to be updated?
play the billboard top ten
what is the current time in lagos nigeria
How much is FB worth?
I see a direct debit transaction in the app that is not mine
show up the events for me today
you need to remind me to do something
What are the top news headlines right now?
are there any recent unread emails
what will be the time now in washington
search for a macaroni and cheese recipe
i want to pay a bill
what kind of questions can you answer
In the past month I often used this account to manage payments for my new holiday villa. Now all of a sudden your fees have increased exorbitantly! Don't you have a rewards programme for frequent users?
do you have any hobbies to speak of
I made a cash withdrawal at an ATM but it still says pending in my account.
I am having trouble activating my card.
my money, where is it coming from?
what's trending
play audiobook of planets
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with panam to wales
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to NJ today
a cup of coffee please
Is there a way to recover my password?
I want to auto top-up.
In a month, my card will reach its expiration date, am I required to request the next card?
Hello, I wanted to get some more information about ATM Withdraw Fee. I have been withdrawing money for years and notice this charge on my account. I always thought it was no fee since its you guys ATM company that I am withdrawing. Can you please explain?
Schedule taxi pickup for Monday at noon.
do i have any pending reminder
i need the exchange rate for the us dollar and the euro
book a train ticket to New york
that isn't what i meant.
i don't have anymore checks for chase and need some
book a train ticket for friday april fourteenth for boston
I received a "declined" message when doing a transfer
I made a payment but the app reverted the payment.
Please adjust the speakers to a lower more comfortable level.
Could I raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? I am aware its delayed now. Please help me out.
Why isn't my PIN available yet?
Notify me if I receive any mail on my email account
why did my bank place a hold on my bank account
whats the status of my south west flight
How can I change my PIN?  Help.
How do I link to my credit card with you?
are there any transaction fees associated with my navy federal card if i am in japan
I should have a refund in my statement but I can't see it
Was there a number to track that I could get?
how slow is traffic on the five
set my alarm for six am tomorrow
convert 1 US dollar to british pound
say the last one said again please.
what is the exact difference between the language of telugu and tamil
on the lounge lights turn
Are there fees for using an international card to top up?
I went to look at my top-up and it was canceled, can you tell me why this happend?
current date please
Begin vacuum cleaning
siri what is dollars in yen
tell me my friends most recent update
make sure there is no events on my calendar
hey please provide information about events by the end of the day
will you put on the music
maybe either
what's the time in china right now
Is there any new vegan news on FaceBook?
How can I unlock the pin?
Can i make transactions before identity verification is complete?
let me know about upcoming events
I attempted to withdraw some money from an ATM this morning and received the wrong amount. Your app says I have enough money available in the account. Can someone tell me what's wrong?
which timezone contains the city of orlando
Does Peking Garden take orders over the phone?
I wasn't applied the correct exchange rate for an item I bought
Please provide current time in India
I requested a refund from a merchant several days ago, but don't see anything showing up in my account yet.  Can you check on your end to see if the money has reached you guys?
can you confirm my reservation for jim at lawry's
call sandra right now
save this song in my great songs category
order me some chinese food
i am glad that you did that
I want to take some funds from my other bank account and add them to this one.
i need to know how many days off i have used so far
How hot is it outside
read my lists to me
Am I charged a fee to transfer funds?
pay a bill!
find me a podcast on wrestling
I'm worried that my card has been compromised because I see a payment that I didn't make.
Is it going to rain next week?
are there any alarms
can you book a meeting room for friday at 9:00 am
where is the closest bathroom to the statue of liberty
what is the weather in Beijing
Tell me present time in Malaysia
what's 15% of 68
Are my friends able to add funds to my account?
I forgot my password
If my kids wanted to use your service how old would they have to be?
how do i get my rewards balance on my diner's club card
I didn't make a payment that shows in my app.
what is the amount i owe on my phone
How can I get my physical card to work?
do i have a reservation for may 1st, 2019 at 4 pm
It appears I have a fee in my statement.
before i leave for mexico should i get some more vaccinations
Please post a status on Twitter. Say:
what and how is india's economy at the moment
can you tell me the miles per gallon rate of my car
will you speak it again please.
Help! I need to cancel a transaction.
can you please do a simulated coin flip for me ai
Remove a list please
I noticed a new fee on my account. I didn't know there were fees for these payments. What is the policy?
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer within the country. It still has not completed. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
it is not what i wanted.
so how long do you think the chicken will take
minimum payment for my credit card
it's dark in the living room
I'd like to discuss an order I placed quite a long time ago. I have yet to receive it and am growing upset.  I want a refund as I now refuse to pay for the product.
tell me what was the temperature in our city at twelve pm
i want a not only to direct me to an internet site but actually answer any given question
Do I have to go to the bank to change my PIN?
i wanna know the carry-on rules for the flight i have
I was supposed to get a purchase refunded but I don't see the money in my account
how do i start the robot vacuum cleaner
Are there any events going on close by?
What kinds of sunglasses are considered aviators?
what is happening with brexit today
I am still waiting for verification.  Can I use my account before I am verified?
How many millilitres is two table spoons?
cheer me up
let us try the sentence you said once more.
looks up the calories in cheetos
Let's hear some indie rock, okay?
sorry but that's not the right response.
remind me clock that i have a event
please order some sushi for dinner
goodnight
I am unhappy with my purchase, how do I cancel the order?
I'm interested in learning more about product refunds.
vacuum the floor
i need to know how you are doing today
yeap get the command exactly.
Complain about Walmart service
I can see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
Can I hold more than one currency?
play podcast one
you have done your understanding correcly.
what's his number
i want to listen to the new sam harris episode
what organization created you
I sent some money and the receiver can't access it.
how soon until the milk expires
When will my card come? I need it as soon as possible!
is this program is scheduled
Add this item to the list
who is this
Payments from my disposable virtual card don't work
play games
please start the podcast
book me a ticket for a train to new york from boston in two days from now
after going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a pretty large charge that I know I did not make. I know it's been a while but can I still dispute this charge?
Is there a cost to receive money?
reviews of the restaurants
I don't want any events listed on the calendar
Siri, turn the volume up
how far does my dollar go in Japan
good work, you did well.
how're you doing
Please turn my speakers on, Google.
for march 1 to 2 make a pto request for me
I have a top up card. Where is the verification code?
How much do I have to pay if I want to transfer money?
Get rid of my wake up alarm set for Saturday.
I want to top my account by using a bank transfer. How would that work?
i wanna know the exchange rate between yen and dollars
I could not get a top-up to work, why?
select the contact
make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
play hiphop in hot 97
what do I need to do if the ATM kept my card?
Why would my card payment be reverted?
i tried to make a purchase yesterday but my card was declined why
look up the meaning of logic
How do I top up using my Apple Watch?
share my location to susan
are there any trips to location a provided by the train
During the daytime all lights has to be turned off.
What stores will take my credit card as payment?
will you speak it once again.
i want to play rock paper scissors let's play
Why is my cash withdrawal still pending?
Call Raju phone number
how much did i spend on furniture last week
Alexa, play song Over the rainbow
what is the best mexican restaurant in seattle
how many tablespoons are there in a cup
How did you arrive at the rate of exchange? I thought that I would get more cash.
So much time has gone by, the pending status shouldn't still be there shouldn't it?
are there any country restrictions?
Tell me more about (event)
what time is it in england
Can you turn up the lights?
Please describe the new Harley davidson street bike
can i update my insurance policy
How soon will I get my card?
reduce the lights
find me the smallest coffee shop in new orleans
i want you to talk more quickly
Can this convert money?
i want to practive changing oil
can you initiate a block on my bank of america checking asap
is there any danger going to brazil
i need you to order all the things on my shopping list
I've got a problem - I bought something with my card one or two weeks ago, but now exact same amount of the purchase is showing up in my account. I like more money in my account, but this is too good to be true. Can you tell me what's happening?
Remind me to pay rent every month
With one disposable card how many transactions can i do?
list college sports for tomorrow in tulsa
how tall is frank goggins
alter the pin on my savings account to be 1234
remove all upcoming events please
Turn off my wifi.
lists i have
Raise the volume of the speakers to 55%.
how many millilitres is two table spoons
thanks but it is not correct command.
what type of cheese do i need for my enchiladas
i have to done it on the post important music file
What is the $1 transaction on my account?
set alarm for 5pm
where should i go this weekend
next song please
do remove next event from the calendar
on my card what have been my recent purchases
turn the living rooms lights off
How can my friend pay me?
hey siri list the local shops for me
is there a way to see where funds come from
i need to submit a complaint
send an email to john that i am on my way to home
tell me when i got my car checked last
tell me your name
please roll a die now
what is the exchange rate between the dollar and the euro currently
reserve me a flight from ft lauderdale to houston on southwest
Clear my day on the 29th.
how long do you cook a salmon
What is the current date?
my credit card has been stolen, please report it
healthy foods
what is going on in south tampa today
how many notifications do i have on facebook
give me some funny facebook posts
please report information about activity on my credit card
would you be willing to add bread to my shopping list if i haven't already
I tried to withdraw money but I was declined!
tell me everything you know about sloths
set my alarm please
Olly, explain the meaning of 2001: A Space Odyssey
add toothpaste to my shopping list
latest news on traffic at my current location
my list of reminders contains what
what was my recent transaction
My card got stuck in an ATM.
I purchased something and the seller hasn't received the money yet, but it has been deducted from my account.
how do i make my insurance policy different
get me up at eight am
what day is the bill due
make coffee for me
submit order for everything
how to get card pin?
schedule a sales meeting for wednesday at eleven am
please replay.
Can you get me my card fast?
make a list of camera photos
please turn off the lights
tell me the easiest way to set up direct deposit of my paycheck to my chase account
can you confirm that i have a reservation for february 21 at 6 o'clock
make us a brew
will you do it again please.
play me some melody song
find out how busy ihop usually is around 5 pm
turn on the tv socket when i arrive home
what is this music called
I should not have been charged a fee for my transfer.
Is there any good Chinese takeout that's open late?
How do I transfer money to my account?
what are the train times for today
olly cancel all soccer practice alarms
how much have i spent on shoes
please move $100 from my checking to saving account
can you tell me what you refer to me as
file a report for a lost american express card
Can you save this, 'what a nice song', for me?
i hope i have enough money in my chase account to buy new clothes
Is the weather cloudy tonight ?
How will I know where my funds are coming from?
How do I fix a payment that was reverted
i can't find my mastercard and i want to report it as lost, please
cancel  the breakfast at tiffany's
when was i paid last
What kind of weather are we going to have this week?
where am i
i couldn't get what you've said.
open tweeter of Indian railways
delete the meeting alarm at two pm on tuesday
what kind of plug does the country use
what time is my next paycheck coming
please delete the wednesday evening alarm
What is the boiling point of water?
what is the date for the event scheduled on the 20th of february alexa
this doesn't really matter to me.
the ac, could you tell me the temperature
yes the command was confirmed.
nice to speak with you
next podcast play
yes it's confirmed.
Give me back my money, I'm not paying the sellers. It has been a long time ago that I made an order and it just isn't coming.
please lower your volume
Can you please explain to me why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement?
use female voice now instead
how old are you in 2019
I hate how long the traffic jams get
If I lost my phone at the hotel, can I still use the app?
tell me when i will next have the day off
I have a duplicate payment showing up on the app. How do I stop myself being charged for the thing twice?
Modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead.
Tral Encounter: 2 Terrorists Killed In Encounter In South Kashmir, 1 Policeman Dies
who is the one that made you
well done,.
remove that item
i need a newer insurance plan
how tall is frank goggins
what timezone is hanoi in
what list do i have
my calendar is to be updated with all rccg event in march
tell me where is the closest coffee shop
How can I put more money into my account?
I saw money was taken out of my account by a seller a while back. I do not recognize the seller, but I'm pretty certain I didn't make that payment. Can you track who the seller is?
i need a hotel room for 4 people from may 3 to may 5 in boston
I urgently need to transfer something from China. How long can I expect it to take?
add email to existing contact
I have to make several disposable cards per day.
could you confirm what i just said please.
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank branch?
i want to eat some spicy thing
yeap amazing response to the command.
i need to set up a new pin number for my college fund account
i wanna know my bank of america routing number
play the latest song Adele
What is the current exchange rate?
Check to see if Pizza Hut has my order on the way.
help me change my insurance
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
what rohan have to say about marriage when he meet me today.
goodbye
Can the exchange rate change while I am in the process of making a withdrawal?
add to my friday calendar a doctor's appointment
The service here is horrible, I want to delete my account.
how many stars does babbo have
fantastic response.
Tweet at quote unquote
explain to me how gravity works
What's the news?
find me the local npr station
can you play call me by aretha franklin after this song is finished playing
nope, it's not what i meant.
I would like to link my card to my account.
Add a meeting at the office with Brian for 3:00PM on Tuesday.
Card payment is showing as pending
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
Where do I get a virtual card?
set the alarm in my calendar events before five mins
do i have a number for jerry
Are SWIFT Transfers available at this bank?
put one hundred and seventy five bucks in my wells fargo checking account from my citibank savings account
can you indicate my location to my friend
Remove my appointment with my doctor on Saturday please.
Why does my account not accept cash deposits?
can you find me a train ticket to go to las vegas
thanks for the helping.
please change light color to purple
Where is the virtual card located?
I am still currently waiting for the cash that has been deposited into the account this morning.
I want to take a trip to Swizerland for free, can you take me there?
I think the top up failed
please reminder for car meet
Set a notification for 11 March that an interview is scheduled with Mr. Rodriguez.
Add paper towels to the grocery list.
hi, how was your day today?
add this email to my contact
Remove Mike Stein from Contacts list
thank you so much for the information.
why do i need to verify the top up?
go ahead and switch to the male voice
i wanna know how to jump start my car
How many tablespoons in a cup?
turn off the six am alarm for Wednesday
what's the traffic this morning
the lists of my reminders is what
can you put on the next i heart music radio show
I would like to verify my source of funds.
play my bookmarked audiobook
You provide support in what countries?
Olly, open the uber app and get me a car, please.
would you go check my emails for me
flip the wemo on
whats the best way to france
please start the next podcast episode
I noticed that i got charged extra for using the card.
Please turn off the Wemo plug socket.
wake me up on Friday at five in the morning i need to catch the train
Cancel the list
I made a currency exchange and think I was charged more than I should of been.
how many days are in this month
what song is playing
Turn on the fan socket
Why was I charged twice?
Any good bike shops in Oxford?
i damaged the card; can you replace the card
what's the least i can pay this month
what can i put on my bank of america card
There is a payment I don't recognize
What is this thing?
please change color of light to pinkish
How come my refund hasn't appeared on my statement?
can you tell me what reminders i've set
send an e-mail
read me the nutrional info of a bag of lay's potato chips
when is the next time i should change my oil
you are hero, thanks.
how long will it take to reach central park by bus
Who are the greatest guitarists of all time?
what week of the year does the summer season start
please can you confirm it.
book me an uber
what is the meaning of the word lux
please delete my morning alarm
I made a card payment and a fee is showing up?
when do people typically change their oil
My funds must be verified
where should i spend my time off
tell me later to call bill
what ingredients are present in marshmallows
what transactions have i made on liquor in the past month
My wallet isn't showing my top-up, did I do something wrong?
Will there be a charge when money is added to my account?
i would like for you to unsync my phone
The past few times I've been to the ATM, I was charged a withdrawal fee. Have your policies changed regarding fees?
Open Inbox to check unread mails
Send new email to jana dot litt at gmail dot com
repeat what the weather will be like
i need to roll a 10 sided die
If you are waiting for verification, it can take 10 minutes to 60 minutes to get results.You will hear from us once we have it.  Please make sure your images are clear and photos of documents are readable. you have to be at least 18 years old and live withing the Economic Area of Europe or in Switzerland in order to open an account.
list events around NY
I need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
get us spaghetti from pizza hut
what do i need to complete first from the list
do i have the ability to rollover my 401k
What would be something fun to do today?
that's not right it's false
PDA, tell me whats on the web.
My new card hasn't came in.
What do I do if I notice a strange withdrawl in my statement?
could you please confirm if leonardo is married
i wish this event to be removed from my calendar
wake me up with an alarm at 6am
I am trying to delete my account.
am i speaking with someone real
give me the update on traffic at new york
What song is playing right now?
what would you say my gas and phone bills are at
I made a payment with my card and it hasn't changed. How long do you think this will take?
Send email to joe@aol.com
I didn't do a payment and I have it now.
If the ATM only gave me 10 pounds instead of the 30 I requested, what do I do?
set my alarm for six am tomorrow
any recent news about north korea
According to the app, I got cash from an ATM but I haven't made any transactions.
Will any ATM's decline my card?
will you please elaborate me about what you have said again.
When I got cash, the exchange rate applied was wrong.
There has been a charge pending on my account statement that I can't figue out it's for a dollar.
can you check when my visa card expires
show me the transaction on mcdonald
please flip a coin, i choose heads!
please speak the last one said one more time.
cancel current process
the calendar event has multiple people
maximum how many days get the courier?
s1, will you elaborate further on your answers.
How do I access the option to top up?
what clothing shops are close to my current location
Olly, book me a train ticket to Barcelona, please.
please turn off the lights in this room
whats the deadline for amex payment
Clear everything from the calendar
Show current track in music player.
you've done it right, olly.
Send a tweet to the local WaWa that their service is terrible at their Market St. location.
Can u play lovely song
Somebody used my card to make a purchase
what is the amount of vacation day i have used
tell me how to make garlic bread
what is the square root of sixteen
Can you create a new list in my podcast?
what restaurants are pet friendly near here
locate the email to giant eagle and put it into my contact list
when will i be getting my next paycheck
Can I make a withdraw if I am out of country from with out any fees at an ATM?
Hi, I just looked at my card transactions and saw that I've been charged twice for a restaurant I went to this week. Can you remove the double charge, please?
could you please reorder me some lysol
Can cards be delivered? Where?
I have a pending payment from stuff I bought this morning.
may i have your name
what was that one more time.
what is now stock price of tata
please set a reminder for church services on sundays for eleven am
Hey Alexa, turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
i do not know that
delete my calendar
Will it take more than 3 days for my transfer to reach my account?
find if takeaway possible in restaurant xy?
what is the name of the lead singer in this band
Answer this question. What's the first boss in Super Mario Bros?
I have new email.
Turn on WFRN 99.1
knock knock
that's perfect.
i do not know that
yearly salary
Where is the cash from my cheque I recently deposited?
what is the traffic now
how many calories are in powdered donuts
What does serendipitous mean?
please tell me that one more time again.
remind me to pick up more dog food at Petco tomorrow at 7.20pm
what is playing at amc twenty
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
Will I need a sweater after work?
Why hasn't my money transfer shown up yet?
turn down lights
which type of gas does my car use
Hello, I tried to take some cash out of the ATM but I looked at my statement and it still shows that it's pending. Is the machine broken? Will I receive my money back or will I be charged for this?
please tell me what day this event reminder is set for
How long will an urgent transfer from China take?
Will I be charged for a cash withdrawal?
who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting
Play the top 40 radio
tell me my tax rate
i want to know what my recent transaction was
i've forgotten my pin number for my citibank gold account
can you reply to the email
If I want to top up, can I use Apple Pay?
please tell me it one more time.
How can I move money from an account at another bank to this one?
What time is it right now in Pacific time?
Can my daughter open an account?
What is the maximum top up?
Nanotechnology
is it possible to rollover my 401k
can you make a phone call to dave
Cancel lunch with Carl for next Tuesday.
Did a card payment that I made get cancelled?
I want to top-up using cash
turn off the light in the bathroom
what will be the weather update for monday noon
what activities are taking place in my area
find out where i am on the map
does pings have takeaway
i can't find any of my luggage!
one or the other, or both
Play Nakumukka
what day does april sixteenth fall on
wake me at seven am
mute immediately
when will my transfer arrive
Why was one of my transfers declined?
Is there a function where I can top-up automatically?
send an email to a new address
put in the order for everything on my shopping list
I've been waiting for a refund where is it?
remove all items from todo list
it is unimportant with me.
Please help me unblock my pin which I put the wrong one too many times.
Olly please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
submit payment to duke energy for my electric bill
has my ordered arrived
do you know how to cook risotto
Can I see where my money is being transferred from?
is austin in the central timezone
My currencies needed to be exchanged often and I was wondering if there were any discounts available for this?
Can you please advise if there is something wrong with my card? I have had multiple rejections and do not know the reason. Thanks!
Change the light colour to green
I need my card as soon as possible.
could you tell me again please.
I'm not in the UK, can I still get a card?
Why is there are there two of the same transaction?
play football match for myself now
please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee
Do you know the closest ATM?
please go to the next episode of the podcast
I'm noticing a payment/purchase at a company that I don't recognise.
Please close my account. I am unsatisfied with your service.
Is there anything I can substitute for eggs in a recipe?
who's responsible for your existence
that's not what i just said.
i have a fraudulent transaction from wal mart on my account right now
what is the solution to sixty times thirty
open my reminders
If I exchange foreign currency, are there any other charges?
Solve this equation: 1+ 1.
tell me how i can schedule a meeting
please give me detail of o zaalima song
Ok Google, where is the hottest place on earth
What does the traffic look like headed to LAX?
Olly, show me where the nearest restaurant is
please show me a recipe for chili
Remove my event at 1 P.M. in my calendar.
do i have a meeting on friday
Olly, tell me about Hugh Lourie
May I use my account now, even though the identity verification has not gone through yet?
How do i top up my google pay?
Can I use my account even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
what is an alternative to flour
how is my order
Why do transfers get declined?
clear list things to do this weekend
what is on this list
control lights turn off room lights
I believe there is a mistake because a payment I didn't make shows in my app.
Here is something from today
play the next recording
i'm travelling to seattle soon and want to inform my bank
i want a text sent to bob saying i will be late
I am tired of getting charged fees, and I have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
what are some popular tourist activities in mexico city
I want to do a swift transfer
what is two plus two
resolve this thirty twelve
erase my whole calendar
When will my account receive the money?
please give me the latest feed updates
I'm really stuck. I don't know why but my card payment has not gone through.
Turn house lights off.
Can you explain why my Google Pay Top isn't working?
do you know when the best time for me to change my tires next would be
book a flight from la to madrid with southwest
start the radio now
i would like to know how to say hello in french
i want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list
no that is wrong
switch off the plug socket
read back my day for march 4th 2019
i would like to know who programmed this ai
Olly, front page news articles please.
does macedonia have any travel alerts i should be aware of
I want to reverse a transaction I did this morning
Is there a way to use a cheque to top up my account?
tell me the nutrition for grapes
change mountain standard to pacific
what's the song title
Next Episode
I need to change my name since I got married
that "baby shark, doo doo," song, i want to hear it
can you help me with a rental car
create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
do i have new likes
how do i prevent my credit score from dropping
negatory
My PIN is not working and I need assistance.
please quiet the speaker
tell me the exchange rate of dollars to yen
What news articles were on CNN today?
thanks again
Tell me this song
display shopping list
What can you do to unblock my pin?
skip this episode
i'd like to confirm the josh reservation at moe's
progress from the last paused point of my audio book
What are the top up charges for US cards?
what languages can i switch to for your responses
you don't understand what i was searching for.
how can i up my credit score
Where is my meeting?
Hello, I have recently made a purchase and have decided to cancel my purchase. Is there any way that you can cancel that transaction for me so I can get the money back? It's very important.
Please, give me the weather report for this week.
send an email to Frank and ask them what the weather going to be like this week?
For my account, how do I transfer money in?
How can I investigate a missing refund?
remember to put down that i have an appointment for tomorrow on my calendar
I dont have a pin
how many days processing new card?
I made a transaction and it is taking a very long time to go through.
add a new contact for daniel bell dbell@aol dot com
Where did the money transfer go?
color change of lights
I need someone to assist me with explaining how much I can top-up.
please check the exchange rates of the us dollar vs the euro
do you have any suggested roman recipes
how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
How fast are transfers from Europe?
What do you think I look like?
I want to cancel the recording I have on the DVR list for this morning.
How long does it take for the card to come?
what is the timing of bagmati express
i think my account is blocked
i need to cancel my rsvp for dinner this evening can you remove it on my calendar as well
i was at macys trying to buy shoes and my card got declined
How come my card doesn't work anymore?
How do I report a cash withdrawal that wasn't me?
are there unread emails in my inbox?
What do I do if an ATM ate my card?
darken the room a bit
is new this a good insurance plan for me
I need a plane ticket
change your spoken language to english
provide me the routing number for my fed account
Why is  my  top  up for  my  new account  not  instant
what hour and minute is it
can you trll me where to get my w2
What's playing
I have a payment that has not gone through yet
order some cat for me, i ran out
Tell me about the latest environmental news.
please tweet the following to radisson hotels customer service
what is the name of my health insurance
can you set an alarm for seven am
Why hasn't my cheque processed?
I would like to order a virtual card, where can I get one?
i like you to confirm detail please.
shit, you have done this all in wrong manner.
does the steakhouse on main st take reservations
mute enabled until i say so
I have a strange direct debit in my statement
forex rates
it is useful, thank you.
tell me the song that is currently playing
whats the most recent status for my virgin air flight
give me contact mail id
I was charged extra or a hidden fee when I purchased something from you. What's the deal? I didn't authorize that charge.
What is the charge to make a transfer
change lights to red
will i incur transaction fees if i use my american card internationally
please be quiet for the next two hours
thanks but i think you don't understand this correctly.
alexa tell me my new email
How do I see the source of my money?
book next ny train ticket
Can this app take my salary?
events in the local area
how much is the least i can pay for power bill
what is fifty five minus two
why must I prove ID
get me takeaway food
how are things in the world
Set a reminder to notify me 1 hour before lunch meeting
any good fast food items
can you tell me the time of train which go to krishnarajpuram from bangalore
when taking a flight with porter to toronto, how many carry ons can i take
keep the socket in off condition
Clear my next event
tell me a joke about politicians
Please open Audible app and resume play.
Play for me the game Candy Crush
i have no idea regarding to what to choose.
I've deposited a check in my account but the cash isn't showing as available.
is my apr high
what the numerical number inside my bank accounts
what am i listening to
Who will be attending the meeting this Friday?
can i check my gold rewards card online
this was a nice chat, goodbye
tv
ai, what is my chase checking routing number
i would not really care.
please delete the wednesday evening alarm
I would like to know how my friend would be able to send me money
I made a purchase and was charged at the wrong foreign exchange rate.
Where are the Rocky Mountains located?
is my gas tank at least half full
what are todays top podcasts
Olly, isn't it funny how the weather keeps getting worse.
tell me what name to use to refer to you
i enjoyed talking to you, bye
what is the time difference between here and dakar
i need to rent a car for may 11thto may 13th in chicago and i'd like a coupe
i need to find my phone
set up a meeting with frank at 2pm
I am required to make several disposable cards every day.
How soon do cards arrive after I order them?
Can you set my alarm?
what time does thor start
where do people shop for clothes here
activate vacuum cleaner
cook some coffees
recipe for spaghetti
I bought something online a week ago and i never got it in the mail.Can I just get my money back now I don't want to keep waiting on something that isn't going to show up.
Who do I think people will care
can you please put toilet paper on the shopping list i'm out of it
Please play the song XXX for me.
Can I top up with Google Pay?
olly can you just stop it please.
speak that one more time please.
can you tell me what date it is
send $5 from savings to checking
I was charged extra when I made a cash withdraw, why?
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Pls it's urgent
i think it's not the correct answer.
Do you have an auto top-up option?
i just switched jobs and need a 401k rollover
who sung this
What do I need to do to link my new card for my account?
I see cash withdrawal activity in the app that is not mine.
olly change light colour to blue
limit your volume
stock details
Are there downsides to using a disposable virtual cards?
Is there a certain age I need to be?
How do I order a new card if my current one is about to expire?
tell me random joke
find me a flight from seattle to detroit for less than 200 dollars
give me some feedback about the pasta at piada please
totally unacceptable.  I'm stranded with no cash because the ATM wouldn't give me any money!
what sort of person are you, a cat or dog person
i need alarms set for 6am and 615am
Is it going to be cold in the next few days?
how is the weather today
what is my next event
I made a mistake of transferring, can I cancel my previous transfer?
how many phone numbers do i have for brenden
Do you know when the withdrawal will show?
How long does it take to authorise a payment?
Where do I find a virtual card?
My PIN is unlocked, what do I do?
In my statement, I got a €1 extra fee.
I want to send an email to... that says...
If I want to topup by card, how do I do it?
check and confirm the instruction please.
please set alarm for me
i really wanna know my credit score
Are there any good movies running in nearby theaters?
PDA: Turn the radio to 106.7 FM
How can you assist me on topping up on bank transfers to my account?
I got some cash at an ATM earlier, but now app is showing that I withdrew more than I did.  Help!
does restaurant royale deliver takeaway
tell me what time it is right now
filp a coin, i call heads
I would like to make sure it is delivered on a certain date.
remove cart list
your understanding is confirmed.
what is the highest rated movie now out
can you please check and confirm the detail.
Why isn't my Google Pay top up working for me? Did I do something wrong?
How can I information on my limit for top-ups?
give me some funny facebook posts
set a reminder to call my mom
What is your shipping policies for cards?
change the pin on my chase account to be 1234
open harrypotter audiobook and play from last played
what's the prep time for a garden salad
How simple is it to transfer money into my account?
I got less cash than what I specified for through the ATM.
I didn't get as much cash as I asked for from the ATM, why?
what items did i plan to buy
emma watson
you have done that right appreciated.
what is the sum of 8 + 3
are there any good social events happening in my area
Is it a yes or a no that tomorrows temperature will be hot.
thanks but i think you messed up with.
is there a fee for swift transfer
What is the temperature in Indianapolis, Indiana?
i've heard this riff before what song stole this riff it's exactly the same
Remove the guest list I created last week
Please play jingle bells in media folder
Please assist me with activation.
I was not able to receive the correct amount of cash.
Why was I charged extra using my card?
How come you need to know my identity?
the speaker volume needs to be increased
What is the limit to number of transactions I can do with a disposable card?
play me the new podcast from npr
How can I find out about an extra fee on my statement?
what's the next event at the library
set list
tell me it one more again please.
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
remove the second row from the list
what is 20% of a thousand
how about you
include this
i want to find some chinese food what is near me
bed room two switch off the lights
You promised no fees but now I've got one. What the hell!?
who can jump off my dead car battery
search for pizza nearby
you need to change your accent to the male british one
how many pesos in one dollar us
are the donuts at tgi well reviewed
My card is about to expire.
oops, i think you have understood me wrongly.
that is a fact
I would like to make sure it is delivered on a certain date.
Please tell em the list of trains to Chicago via california
Can you explain your exchange rate policy to me?
please call me johnny
My top up did not show up as shown and my money has disappeared, can you help me fix this glitch problem?
What' the weather going to be in NYC next week
I want a coffee
When was the last time that I spoke to John?
show me events that are going on right now
let's try what you have said again.
What do you need so I can verify my identity?
What is the current exchange rate?
resume the last kingdom for me
Can I automatically top-up when traveling?
My card payment has failed.
Play the song I listen to the most
Good afternoon, how are you?
shutoff light in the kitchen
can you repeat please.
i want some curry to go any recommendations
Why isn't a refund showing on my statement?
i want to cash my credit card points
nope, i didn't say it.
can i cancel my reservation for 4 at red robin
Help!  My wallet was stolen and someone is taking money out.  I need this money!  What can I do?
turn on radio now
Can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
does moscow require travel visas to visit
tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today
what is the process for making a vacation request
let me know the name you have for me
Please help in finding my card PIN, thank you!
What ingredient can be used instead of saffron
What will I be charged for a physical card?
How many disposable cards can I make in a day?
would you check and confirm detail please.
what questions do you respond to
change the station to eighty two point four
Suggest me some metal music
schedule an uber to pick me up at home in an hour
What's your favourite tv show?
Is it going to rain?
who sang the song that is currently playing
could you translate water into dutch for me
next podcast
i need you to reset to your factor settings
run vacuum cleaner
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
Turn off the room lights.
What is the reason for the fee charge on my transfer?
start playing song z
i would like to pay my cell phone bill
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card yet?
movie times tonight
could you please schedule a meeting with this person
where is a nearby park where i can go running
Play the jazz station.
Will there be a charge for topping up by account with a SEPA transfer?
thanks for your helping, olly.
Can you tell me exactly what fees I will expect to see in regards to your cards?
what else is on the list
do i have any new facebook notifications
please turn the lights on
I would like to edit my personal information .
i want that volume bumped up to 4
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
Do you offer account services for children and teens?
will you write an email to Chelsea for me
how do i redeem my card points
Why is my transfer not showing
where does joe joe live
send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
have i got any new email from my company.
can you please turn off the wemo plug socket
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
provide wall street journal news
how do I cook ___?
the name you should call me is janet
possibly
Is there a limit for age?
Can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing in my balance?
I would like open a second card for my daughter, how can you assist me?
that's helpful, thanks, olly.
How slow is traffic on the five?
play frozen let it go
After making a payment with my card it doesn't seem to have worked. It's just showing to be pending. When will this actually be going through?
please delete next meeting with rajesh
Are both Visa and Mastercard accepted?
How do I order a new card when my old one is ready to expire?
please tell me my spending limit
read me back whats on my shopping list
tweet to amazon about late delivery of my tv
My payment has been cancelled
when is my next paycheck
i placed an order and i need it tracked
I forgot my PIN and now it is blocked.
you've got the command exactly.
I made a mistake on the last transfer I made, who must I speak with to cancel?
What does session mean
My identity verification didn't work
how is miami time zone like
Can I change this light to orange?
Are there restrictions to transfers to certain accounts?
What's the temp in  Flint, MI?
Olly, find my next appointment and delete it.
Please refresh my Gmail inbox
Tell me the most strange thing happening in the world today?
Can you unblock my pin after too many wrong pin attempts?
will i be charged a transaction fee on my discover card in cuba
what's the fuel economy for this car downtown
olly can you please shut off.
How do I activate a new card?
can you tell me the recipe to cook pav bhaji?
please turn the lights brighter
tweet error report to samsung
when is the next train to b street
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and was declined?
Is it on purpose that my payment has been returned to my account?
is there anything new on reddit
I have lost my card! What is my next step?
thanks but i think you have messed up with my command.
Hi, status of one of my card payment is still pending from a while. Please let e know how much time it will take to complete.
read me my alarms
What are my favorite types of music?
Play my favorite song of last year.
what is level of traffic at washington
What are next scheduled events?
Is there a reason my refund isn't showing on my statement?
I have a payment which has not been approved.
Why do I have to give you all of my identification details?
I deposited cash this morning, but it is not yet available.
I deposited a cheque and its been days and I still haven't received the cash!!
How can I get funds into my account from my American Express?
what's the nutritional info for a ganola bar
when did they deposit my last salary
could my 401k be rolled over
What is the €1 fee for?
can you tell me what 30% off 279 is, please
do you think being alive has any meaning
Are there any cooking classes nearby my area?
I don't recognize this debit transaction in my billing statement?
go to calendar
i would like my credit limit increased to 5000 dollars
search cost for amtrak luxury to los angeles
How do I get my money back for a duplicated charge?
does fongs do carry out
Switch the light off in bedroom
post to twitter got a hectic day ahead
What does it mean when a transfer is "pending"?
convert inch to cm
do i have any meetings today between 4 and 5
i'm pretty sure this charge from sam's club is fraudulent
when will i need to change my oil again
inform me the lowest amount i can pay for my cable bill
Complain to Amazon customer service for me
sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
i was not so clear about this.
Has someone accessed my card there are payments I did not make that are showing up on the app.
tweet a complaint to amazon about late shipment
rewind button
will you tell me how the ai is doing
give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery
Why am I charged a fee for getting cash?
whats the best place to eat near here
What currencies and cards do you support?
what's the reward point count on my discover card
what's the shelf life for eggs in the fridge
please could you clarify your answer further to me.
can you turn on the lights in the backyard
what kind of activities do you enjoy
Hey, Its too hot outside. What is the temperature this afternoon?
list some neat stuff about rats
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
you've got my instructions exactly.
please assist me in linking my chase account to direct deposit for my paycheck
remove my eight pm alarm and set it to seven pm
do you know where i can find my suntrust routing number
get news about new nuclear policy
Can I cancel my transaction?
I did not make this payment that I see in the App.
can you find me a train ticket to montauk
amazon deals
I need to change my address
What countries are you currently in?
tell me the procedure for changing oil in a car
Did you deactivate my card it's not working anymore
How do I make my virtual card work?
that's helpful, i appreciate it, olly.
How long is the wait for my card?
how does one apply for a master card
change your spoken language to english
Make a calendar entry for brunch on saturday morning with Chris, Kimberly, and Aaronson
I need more light.
what is 80980 + 098098 + 80980 + 1243
play next expisode on podcast.
Since I need to exchange currencies frequently, would you be able to offer me a discount?
is keith richards dead
i would not really mind to choose any one, olly.
WTF??? I tried to withdraw some money at a Metro bank on High St. Kensington and without any notice it disappeared in the machine. The bank was already closed so I couldn't do anything. How do I get it back?
Listen to sports talk
Can I verify a top up?
what is the interest rate on my scotiabank account
take dishes off the to do list
Siri, if you could eat, what would you eat, and why?
set alarm tomorrow at six am
My card wasn't working in a shop
i have no idea about what to choose, olly.
Lower speaker volume
please read me my alarms
What currencies do you accept for adding money to my account?
can you confirm my reservation for 8 pm on the 7th of november
turn off my bedside lamp please
Inform me on the items on the list
what is the stock for hp company
the time please
i dropped my card in my gasoline and the printing wore off
what is the song playing?
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to consumer digest
i need you to act swiftly and freeze all activity on my capital one checking
Can I have more disposable cards?
will you further elaborate me on what you have said please.
how are the interest rates at chase bank
i need an alarm to wake me up at 8 tomorrow morning
tell me what i have in my money market account
what was the amount that i spent on fidelity visa last month
what is your boss's name
Why is the app showing a still pending message on a withdraw that has already been done?
set the timer for me please
that was useful,.
tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
why do you charge for transfers?
please list all my alarms
Replay the following podcast
order some fried chicken from church's chicken via grubhub
once more.
do i need a socket converter if i'm going to be in germany
Is the exchange rate the same on weekends as the weekdays?
A strange card payment, I do not recognize it.
Hi, I am calling about a recent transaction that has happened on my account.  I recently went to the ATM, and tried to make a withdrawal on my account.  I just happened to check my transaction slip and noticed a fee for my withdrawal.  How can I resolve this, I didn't know fees were charged for this type of action.
The cash withdrawal I took seems to be off. The exchange rate is wrong.
period the light should be in dim
Tell me about the current relationship between Russia and the USA.
could you please mail me some checkbooks
can i start talking to you in spanish
Olly, please delete my lunch date from the March 23rd schedule.
Will you assess me more fees if I top up with an international card?
i want to hear my name
i want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
is there any new email
Play bohemian raphsody for me
What businesses accept this card?
dial up dominos pizza
how do i find when my water bill needs to be paid
What is the current exchange rate?
how much money a year do i spend in taxes
Please turn the lights on.
How do I top up using my card?
Am I able to order a new card and have it sent to me in China?
i need to confirm that i have a reservation at red robin for josh
do you have animal companions
It appears I have a fee in my statement.
Please u don't speak in 8 to 10 P.M.
Is there a way to undo a transaction?
by main power off
I need a repeating reminder for every Monday at 3:30 p.m.
delete that
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged a fee?
Where is an ATM?
Can you please sort out your top up? I need this to go through asap because I really need the money. It's already been pending for an hour.
I want to know what is this newsource reporting?
get rid of tax list from nineteen ninety
Why hasn't my card arrived yet?
it's right.
is my card PIN saved in the app
Give me options for Indian carryout under $30.
Do you issue cards for someone living in the US?
what are the train times between eight am and ten am at east chicago station going west on sunday
When will my funds transfer?
There is a charge on my card that I did not make
do not bother.
are meeting rooms free between 8-3
what do you know about Fringe in Edinburgh next year?
few traffic roads
i want to use spanish with you
May I use my account now, even though the identity verification has not gone through yet?
What forms of payment do you accept?
dammit, you gave me wrong information.
are there dog shows going on near new york city
Are you okay with exchanges to EUR?
Do I receive the physical card for free
Why did I get charged more for using my card?
could you be human
Will you please play a podcast
is starbucks stock up or down from last quarter
reduce volume
can i exchange milk for cream in recipes
Brief me about  today's football match
I cant get money out of the ATM with my card.  I just put my card in the ATM but it will not allow me to take any money out.  What do I need to do to fix this?
Is there a topping up limit?
how often should i change my oil
how long ago did my car get looked at
What is the current state of Brexit negotiations?
I am having difficulties to verify my identity.
turn the room light off
How much money did Bill Gates make
i love dad jokes can you tell me one
i want to close an account but im not sure about setting up a new one in the future, what do you recommend
turn off one light on porch
Where is my card accepted?
add new email address
i need to know what time it is in florida
How can my account have money transferred into it?
are you okay
where does joe joe live
What is the weather like in Seattle?
Please help me.  I am still waiting on a refund.
hi to all
Please start the vacuum.
What kind of fiat currency can I used for holding and exchange?
I am seeing in the App a payment that its not mine
There's a payment in the app I don't recognize.
Please go to the local sports talk show on the radio.
i want to know my routing number please
What do I do if I see a transaction on my card that I don't recall making?
Please tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
How much does it cost to get more cards?
what's the number of day's i've taken off
pause the book
Turn on the radio.
how much did my last purchase cost
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but less than the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you tell me about this. What's been going on?
in seoul, what things can i do
is it raining
what are my top played podcasts
how do i get to brighton
what's interesting around here
tell me a joke about dogs
REMAIN DAY AFTER EVENTS IN CALANDER
uhh no, i did not say this.
what alarms do I have set for today?
skip
yeap you've understood the answer right.
Please resume my audiobook.
I paid with a card and there is an extra charge. Why?
change that off the list
who are you employed by, please
play next song using this playlist
please add party at chucky cheese to calander
How come my disposable virtual card used to pay for a gym subscription got rejected?
Can I dispute a debit payment that I am seeing that I didn't make from a couple of months ago?
do you consider yourself a bot
train times to glasgow
wooo!
PDA, do I have anything going on this Saturday between 2 and 4pm?
I need  a Puttanesca recipe that pre dates 1970
can you look up train ticket prices for me
hows the time in key largo?
Find me the distance and direction by train to RCCG in Ikoyi Lagos?
How fast can you deliver?
clear my entire schedule for april 1
How can I get a disposable virtual card?
I'm in the mood to order  takeaway.
I like top 20 music.
What is trending in tech today?
how would you put what life is all about
play radio ninety five point five
how many days can i slack off this year
i must add farm trip to my calendar for friday
How do I change my address ?
I need a ride to the airport
Play a country station.
i must know five dollars in yen and rubles
you've done that right.
please set the lights to green
Can I receive a refund for an item I purchased?
please will you check and confirm it.
Why, when paying with the card, was I charged an extra fee?
I've never been to that store.  That's a fraudulent charge.
what types of questions do you have a response for
brew my coffee
I'm upset because I got charged a ridiculous fee when making an ATM withdrawal over a holiday weekend.  It didn't notify me beforehand either or I wouldn't have ever done it.
Delete everything in my calendar.
Can I choose my card scheme?
Is it a good time to exchange?
when will my new card come in the mail
Please add an event to my schedule
what is this music called
for going to that country, do i need a visa
go to sirius and play the hip hop channel
how many rupies are in a dollar
activate robot cleaner in an hour
My disposable virtual card is not working
set a timer for two hours
i would like my total rewards points balance on my bank of america platinum rewards card, please
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
could you please check the last thing said.
yes strongly agree.
i want to switch to a new insurance plan
I tried to do a transfer but it didn't go through.
olly i want you cancel it.
reply the email of charles with just thank you right now
More fees, this time for withdrawing my own cash. Why are you robbing me?
help me figure out where my cell phone is
Why did I get charged when getting cash?
cancel the meeting next week thusday at 2pm
what do you do for fun alexa
i want to rollover my 401k
tune into ninety nine point five fm
i need my dinner reservation canceled
book a reservation for 5 at lawry's under the name chris
shut down sps
search and play a radio station with news
If I can, I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa from you.
please run the vacuum
Can a credit card be used to transfer money?
set the alarm for tomorrow five am
cancel alarm for tenth of march two thousand seventeen
i don't know how to spell anethesia
I want to use bank transfer for topping up my account. How is it handled?
who was the first president of united states
is keith richards dead
spell the word restaurant for me
Does the card you sent have a way to track to it?
fantastic job, you've done well.
nearest walmart location
let me know chase's routing number
Read my todo list?
Where can I get my currencies exchanged?
how do i set up direct deposit for my fifth third account
Google is my Thursday appointment with my dentist?
i would like my credit limit increased to 5000 dollars
add a tab to the shopping list
Why wont the ATM give me cash?
what do i owe on telephone and cable bill
Why is my card payment showing as pending?
that was not what i was looking for.
stop it
please remove my alarm
how do i figure out my intetest rate
i like this song plesse save
I tried to withdraw cash from the ATM machine and it did not work. Can you tell me why?
that's good one, olly.
erase the items on my to do list
i need to submit a complaint
locate the email to giant eagle and put it into my contact list
I am still waiting on my bank transfer
set reminder for tennis game with peter on Sunday at four pm
i think you are wrong.
I transferred the wrong amount and would like to cancel the transaction.
i want to update you name now
Do I need to order a new card before it expires?
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards that I need to be aware of?
Tweet Insight Cable's customer service and tell them I have been waiting on hold for 30 minutes.
appreciated, it is great one.
new scenario, time or calendar to new list
it is okay to use water in place of milk
how much money do i have in my pnc account
Siri, how do make a BLT?
Add this event to my calendar
repeat that for me please
Turn off room lights.
how long will i be on the bus if i rid it to seattle
could you rephrase me about this further please.
what time is it on the east coast of the united states
I'm not satisfied with the services that you are providing.  I would like to end my services and delete my account.
Start a new (grocery, task, shopping) list.
What would the approximate delivery date be if I transferred something urgently to China?
go to setting
please tell me if i need any shots before i go to mexico
what date will my replacement card get mailed
Set reminder for 7 am for the City Team Meeting.
tell me the top stories in the news
please switch off on the wemo plug socket
My transfer is quite urgent, and finally worked out, but I've been waiting for it for quite some time. Can you tell me how long to expect to wait for it?
set an alarm for me at eight am
call dave
I might need to exchange between USD and GBP, is this possible with your app?
how many days later is it okay to eat curry that was in the fridge
I sent some money and the receiver can't access it.
is travel to monterrey safe now
schedule a gas bill payment
i'm out of toothpaste so will you order me some more
can you tell me why there's a hold on my mutualone account
make coffee at three
would you check and confirm details please.
Hey PDA, Send email to...
how long to wait before dining in restaurant beta
Where is the top-up verification code?
send the order for my entire shopping list
Play song after this
would like to know the time of train X
Close the light
I bought something, but the exchange rate looks wrong.
i need a reminder to remind me to do something
define organism
How does my top-up got cancelled?
this song needs to be added to my country music playlist
what is job title of jan medvesek
Where is the money I put in the bank?
i was not so clear about your answers.
Can I exchange an item for a refund?
i want to find a flight for under 700 on the 4th from denver international to new york international
I got some cash out of the ATM over the holiday and it seems that I've been grossly overcharged. I wouldn't have done that if I knew of these outrageous charges!
when will my new credit card arrive
ai find my phone
are there any events happening this weekend
where's my credit score
I used my card to top-up but the money is gone!
what location did you live at before
what is the calorie content in peanut butter
is that song from shakira
turn on the lamp
Is it possible to link a new card?
how many reward points does my discover card have
Olly, turn on any song by tupac.
can you tell me how healthy apples are
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
can you assist me in moving money from one account to another
delete shopping from my list
do you know whom i should contact since my luggage did not arrive
Tune in to Ryan Seacrest on the living room radio
att
id like a room in jacksonville near the stadium between january 1st to 3rd
thank you very much for listening.
I want a real card
I want to reply to Jean's e-mail.
i want to play a game with you
book an uber to pick me up now
wake me up on Friday at 5 in the morning, I need to catch the train
what should i wear is it cold outside
Show me what shops are around me.
why can't my beneficiary make transactions?
hey what's up
How can I top up with a cheque?
what's hot social media topics
edit list
any new emails after five pm
For some reason, the money I added was returned.
What time is it in the Central timezone?
delete meeting
i'd like to get an appointment to get my oil changed
My day was hectic
tell me about medieval war engines
are there any interesting things to do in atlanta, georgia
How do I obtain a second card?
Add five plus eighteen minus four please.
map
do i need a vaccination to go to europe
go to whisper mode until i say to go back to normal
olly please just cancel.
tell me about my alarms
what's the wait at macaroni grill
Send an email to Peter and ask him how is he now. Can I do something to help him.
it is of no importance, olly.
Remind me the meeting with Allen on 15th match
Lower the volume please
tell me the exchange rate between rubles and dollars
definition for object name
Why is identity verification required?
tell me a fun fact about tigers
How long does it take for an international transfer into my account?
How many of them are important?
tell me movies playing in oceanside tonight
Why is my cash withdrawal still showing as pending?
do you have any pets
I was declined a transfer
ai, research usbank options to order more checks
i want some curry to go any recommendations
Can you freeze my account?  I just saw there are transactions on my account that I don't recognize.  How can I fix this?
My card no longer works.
While doing a transfer, it says declined.
tell me it one more again please.
I got a message that my transfer was declined.
start vacuum cleaner
PDA: How do you make pasta
tell me the weather this week.
My phone has been stolen.
i think you did mistakes.
can you play acoustic music with no commercials
Check email for received from mom.
can I know what I have to do the next Saturday at 6 pm?
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
What's up today?
set my coffee machine
please confirm the weather for the thirteenth of this month
up the brightness on these lights
Will you accept a cheque to top up my account?
My bill shows the same charge more than once
I don't have a password.
please would you check detail.
you have got my instructions right.
Cash withdrawal still pending?
show trains and time to Ny
The rate of exchange for my cash withdrawal is wrong.
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
I see I was charged extra when I used the card.  I am not sure why, please tell me why.
tell me what things i need to accomplish per my to do list, please
dial her up
how do i replace a damaged card
how can i increase my aa credit card limit
Get rid of the events on the 19th from my calendar.
What's new on social media?
can i pass the bypass road at current traffic?
please set a reminder for my 5pm meeting today
list events in ny
pay my water bill from my chase account please
is doing my laundry already on my todo list
when do i pay the utilities
please put dusting on my list of things to do
Can you repeat this event?
I wanna share that.
if it's five am in berlin what time is it here
play a party music list
can you tell me if zeus does reservations
I still haven't received my card after two weeks, is it lost?
Do transfers from Europe take longer?
give details about the current traffic
i like rock music
play next reason podcast
i can't seem to find my gold card and want it reported as lost
please add lunch and catch up with lisa on friday to my calendar
what ingredients are in sushi
id like a car rental between january 1st to the 3rd in denver, id like a ford
What are the currency exchange fees?
i need instructions on how to make shepherd's pie please
how do you make pasta
Where can I use my card?
turn up your volume
i want to apply for a mastercard
the timezone of italy is what
can you repeat please.
Why isn't my transfer going through? I get a message saying it's not possible. I've had no issues in the past.
Why have I been charged for pulling cash out of my own account?
can i call you dave
how do i set up direct deposit
Google can you book me a ticket on the train for tomorrow.
This is a good song. Put it on repeat.
Is it possible to change from USD to GBP with your App?
i want to know the type of gasoline for this car
Play for me the Game Temple Run
Open chess, play against me
What is the capital of Oregon?
PDA please set this event on repeat this date
when's the electric bill due
Start the coffee machine at three.
at 5:30 pm, how busy can i expect olive garden to be
shall I get an umbrella tomorrow?
I topped up and went to buy something, but it says that my funds are pending. Is there a way to quicken this process?
Tweet Amazon about my package never arriving on time.
Google I need the living room vacuumed can you turn on the vacuum cleaner.
my atm transaction was wrong
bring up any mettings for today
can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area
are there any good movies running in nearby theaters
set a reminder for two days prior of the event
when did i get my last oil change
Can you send me more cards for my account?
what is american airlines carry on policy
might be true, might be false
i think this is not the right command.
What is the procedure for topping up with a cheque?
book me a taxi from castle street to airport
can you please confirm what said.
please slow down volume of speaker
Complaint on service prover on my twitter
What is happening?  I have tried to transfer money 5x already.  Is the system down?  This shouldnt be happening as this is a basic transfer.
what will traffic be like at 5:00 going towards the mall
can you see whether i have an event called amy's surprise party on my calendar
find joel osteen's broadcast on sirius
i need you to tell me the meaning of life
set an alarm to wake me up at 5:30am
please explain again to me.
i want you to read my reminder list to me
Can I have a second card?
is there any event related to sports in gandhi maidan
Alarms
what's happening in news express
put on the radio.
turn off light
remove the board meeting and reschedule for next wednesday
do you know the expiration date on my credit card
explain in brief about fish fry
what was the date of my last auto appointment
what is a good rap album that came out this year
tell to joe's email that come to my house in this moment i am alone
what new messages do i have
Do you know where my card will be accepted?
i think i've misplaced my phone
would you confirm details.
tell me a joke
what is the amount of my taken off days so far
when do my tires need some changing
whats happening around my town
Is there any age limit?
i wanna add this song to my rock playlist
i need for you to get me the status of my american airlines flight
Do you recognize the song playing on my phone?
what year what the eiffel tower built
what's the latest about the Olympics
color the lights red
What are the prices to get to Chicago on a train? Book the cheapest one.
do i have money in my wells fargo account for nike's
i need to book a train ticket to la
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
I tried to top-up but it got denied.
post to facebook I'm home
Can I possibly change my currency to another?
I have a pending payment in my account that I paid a while back ago and it still hasnt gone through. Why would it show pending for so long?
s1, please can you clarify me more on your words.
can you set the living room lights to pink
i had a pleasure talking to you, see you later
i need a well-rated hotel in vegas
How to reach hallway?
what's ten times eight
i am no longer attending the wedding on the tenth so remove it from my calendar
define alarm
Olly, darker lights please.
What should I do after I've moved and need to update my personal details?
how many of my contacts live or work in Detroit?
please update list with new item
review latest movies
i would like my to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
please could you confirm question.
How can I fill up my gas tank using a check?
My card payment didn't work
I tried to make a top-up and it was canceled, why is that?
Ask Peking Garden when my food will arrive.
what music do i prefer
length of traffic
get me the local train timing to destination cstm
The atm wouldn't give out cash
How come you charge for cash withdrawals? I withdrew cash after buying groceries today, and there seems to be a new fee
clarify further on that to me please.
are you from the uk
Where can I sign up for a virtual card?
one more again please.
what is the meaning of hyperactive
show the playlist
get rid of tuesday the 5ths dinner
I'm currently not in possession of my phone, is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
Alexa, mark the words as I say and I Quote
Where is Justin Bieber's home base?
reply to erins email by saying i will be on time
What is the most that I can top-up to a card?
is it going to rain tomorrow?
i want you check the last thing i said please.
show me instructions on how to jump start my car
when did i change my oil
Is there a reason I was charged a fee to transfer?
you have what types or kinds of pets
tell me who wrote this song
I want to top up by using a credit card, which ones do you support?
Why is a money transfer not showing?
My transfer got declined.
how many contacts do I have in my phone book?
look for song x and play it
show me the minimum payment for my boat bill
can you read the things on my shopping list
how do you cook a good burger olly
reply 'thank you' to john@gmail.com
tell me what's happening on social media
I draw out money from your ATM during holidays, and was charged insanely. I wouldn't have done it, if i had a little sense about the shocking charges.
When will my money be in my account?
Why would i not be able to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
what is the day today
Where is the nearest bookstore?
What time is my doctor appointment on March 31st?
directions to the target on I forty
Is there a fee when I get cash from an ATM? Is there a limit I can take out? If there is a fee, what is it?
There is a cash withdrawal from an ATM listed but I don't remember making this withdrawal.
Can I see where my money came from?
How much Russian currency can I get for 1 American dollar?
can you please turn off my wemo plug
that's helpful, thank you very much.
Everything seems fine with my account, so why did it decline my payment?
are reservations taken at spago in beverly hills
will you stop please.
Cash withdrawal was incorrect at ATM.
add cereal to my shopping list
What are the auto top-up policies?
I have my card here with me and someone has just made a withdrawal for 500. Please help!
have i received any emails since noon
order a large pepperoni pizza from dominos to go
could you please get out of whisper mode
Do I need to do anything? My phone was stolen yesterday.
cancel wake-up calls for this week
can i have a reminder set up
send over a hundred dollars from huntington into saving
can you find me a place to stay in sacramento near the capitol on july 3-5
open chess game
In the Repeat section, enter a start date.Choose the drop-down next to Weekly to change the recurring event to a Daily,
Olly, where is the closest bar
can i substitute yogurt for sour cream
i need to set an alarm how many do i have set
who is the artist of the song playing now
repeat what you've said.
What's new on Facebook?
it doesn't matter to me.
can you help me with seattle car rental bookings
Visa and MasterCard, can I get them both?
find me the cheapest copy of the four hour body
sorry but that is not correct answer.
i want you to skip this song
go shopping and order everything on the list
tell me a joke about cats
does peking garden take orders over the phone
I see in the app some cash was withdrawn, but it's not mine.
you've done your understanding correcly.
Who is Rihanna dating right now?
If I were to transfer, what would the cost be?
It looks like my card payment was sent back.
get rid of mike stein from contacts list
PDA, can you tell me what the date is today?
I was charged twice, when I didn't purchase anything twice.
what day can i expect to receive payment on
I made a bank transfer from my UK account today, but it's not showing.  Can you check status?
PDA, delete that item from my list.
i need a drink
send 100 dollars from checking to savings
read some of the reviews for wing stop
run game
i wanna know the bill's minimum payment
check whether i have set any alarms for tomorrow morning
in cleveland, are there any good places that serve clams
Will the system automatically update once there is no more money left?
remind me to have launch with boss today at one pm
do i have to setup apple pay to use it
open news about BP Oil
Are there any extras for exchanging currency?
quit talking
should i regard you as a human or as a computer
Can I schedule future top ups?
dammit, i think incorrect response.
could you clarify me on it further.
Where can I change my PIN?
what is the meaning of my life
let me know whether folding laundry is on my to do list
i need to order more checkbooks by mail
how much is dollar worth in persos
which shots do i need before i go to thailand
My salary comes in GBP can I change my options somewhere?
When can I expect my transfer to reach my account?
what on my play list
Olly, I am not tired, I am actually happy.
what are some funny jokes
does pizza hut have good reviews
status for the pizza delivery from pizza hut
olly brighten the lights
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App is on pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Cancel my 7am alarm
Where is the money that I asked for? I asked for more than I got!
will you tell me my interest rate
what is the date and month today
is it possible to apply for a new credit card
Is there any event today in my calendar?
It the weather warmer than 70 degrees right now.
i do not know what this charge is for
Can you explain the virtual cards limit?
The withdrawal was declined I am unsure as to why this happened?
i wish to request a change in insurance plans
is my gas tank at least half full
i think wrong command.
i have to go but it was nice talking again!
please pay my bill
Alexa is there any stopped traffic on 80 today?
yeah good response.
What do I need to do to activate my new card?
i need to know about exchange rates
set the timer for 10 minutes
how long will the turkey take to cook
Why would I be charged a fee for card payment?
i want to visit chicago by bus what do i need to do
whats the weather like right now in new york
exact.
what album is this song on
please create an alarm for 12 noon
yes you have got my instructions exactly.
I want to hear  <song>
hmm, you did not get what i wanted.
I exchanged Russian rubles for British pounds today and got less than I expected. Was exchange rate correct?
Save my music choices
play me a random audio book that has to do with love
where is yellowstone park
i want to listen to one oh one point one the whiz
When was Jamie Foxx born?
play one song forward
can you put on the giver
how long is the validity of my credit card
Hi. A couple hours ago I make a transfer from my UK bank account, but it hasn't shown up. Please, would you see what the delay is?
whatever would be good.
Why was there an extra charge when I transferred money?
I can't see my latest bank transfer
does lechateau have delivery service or only takeaway
What is available in your stock of lists?
what kind of gas should i use to fill the car
you did great job, musch appreciated.
Is there an age limit for opening an account?
change the light to pink color
What is this weeks weather forecast?
switch off all lights
What is a good vegan egg substitute, Olly?
How long do cheques take to post to your account?
I was denied cash at an ATM
What is the wake up time for my alarm I have set for the flight this weekend?
when will my flight take off
Find Brad Pitt's age.
If I get a transfer from Europe, how long until it is in my account?
Can I open an account for a child?
Tell me about the alarm timings.
what amount am i taxed on my income
I need you to have the volume louder
maybe
tell me this week's forecast
tell me what the date will be tomorrow
please increase the volume to 4 please
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I don't know what the problem is.
Tell me about Sean Connery
What is today's exact date?
will you please confirm detail.
move to the next song in the list
when will my transfer clear
It looks like I was charged twice for a single transaction
My card isn't working anymore.
what is the exchange rate for pounds and u. s. d.
can you tell me the limit i currently have on my barclay card
Would reinstalling the app solve the problem?
stop, i think you don't get me.
There are a few transaction that I don't recognize, I think someone managed to get my card details and use it.
Is it possible to have both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
please look to see if paying bills is on my reminders list currently
Do you have any fees if I want to add money using an international card.
my card was frozen due to putting in the wrong pin too much.  how many tries do i have
Keep me updated on the election results
I'm expecting a refund but it's no where to be seen
do my tires need air
what type of plug does the country use
set a two day notification before maria's birthday please
how can I go from Boston to New york by train?
what do you like to do when you're not working
Help me order my card.
Who should I talk to or go to resolve a duplicate charge on my statement?
how do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
how much for topping up by card?
please confirm last thing said.
Reply to the email from my bank and inform them that I have paid the credit card dues.
how do you say thank you in spanish
play (radio station) on (radio app)
yes your understanding was perfect.
i like you to check it please.
how busy is teddy bigger burder around 5
tell me some trivia about birds
please find the expiration month listed on my card
Please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle.
please resume my music
chase account direct deposit options
Next play Atomsphere.
what does my facebook feed look like
hmm, i did not ask for this response.
please add contact email johndoe@yahoo dot com to john doe's contact information
Why am i to verify the top-ups?
what are the stock prices
Hello PDA, Bring up my lists.
tell me when should i get my tires changed next
tell me what's is on my shopping list
when is my visa due
dim lights in living room
What are the age requirements for service?
Is there a location near me that i can change my PIN?
take lunch meeting off my calendar
my car battery is dead, what do i do now
Why is there a direct debit payment on my app that is not from me?
What's the best Italian restaurant in Atlanta?
open up contacts and add email something@gmail dot com
Play rock music please.
weather in home town
turn up the volume of my speakers
who do i contact to order more checks for my td bank account
Can I select my card scheme or do you choose it for me?
Any new Facebook posts from Amy?
that's enough, just cancel.
yeap you've done command perfectly.
What type of event?
which event should i attend in my area
ok
Describe scheduled events
i need an uber reserved to take me to the restaurant
Person name
Olly change the lighting to blue
Who invented you?
olly will you stop it.
show meaning of clarion
you can call me michael
directions to the target on I forty
Ethics
do i have a meeting today
will they let me up my credit limit to $1000
forward to four twenty
Today's schedule.
Can I get my paycheck through here?
what's new with the stock market
show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
Why am I being charged the wrong currency exchange when I purchased something abroad?
show me what lists are available
remind me of meeting five minutes before time
turn the lamp off
open the site XYZnews.com
time in chicago
i can't figure out why my card was declined at target
how many miles does my car get per gallon
find a suitable lodging in vancouver on march 16-19
book a train for me
I ordered something, and now I have buyer's remorse. Since what I ordered hasn't come yet, can you just cancel the payment since I already know I want a refund for it?
I got double charged for a payment so how do I fix that?
what do i take home
how much gas is in my gas tank
what company is responsible for your design
The capital of Nigeria is what?
can you check train schedule to berkeley
How would my friend be able to send me money?
turn the lights off please
when the birthday will be
Why can't I see my top up?
Boiling
seems like your answer you have was wrong.
I was out today looking forward to paying with my brand new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is pretty sad, what's going on?
set a reminder to check the steak
show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
what genre of music is in my music folder
i would talk to you later on.
tweet at quote unquote
please turn on  classic music for the dinner now
I've tried my card a bunch of times and it never worked.
Making very complex calculations like Jarvis
i'm out of bananas; add to shopping list
stop and try what i've said once again.
Cancel all my appointments after 3 p.m today and inform me the details.
would most people say you are a computer or a human
I am waiting for my card to arrive.
good day
I bought a product a week ago, but may need to return it.
what are the events conducted in new york
find food and order
give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery
Play some Lady Gaga.
indeed
what events are going to happen in my city between two four pm today
show unread
play the electronic playlist
Cancel my last transfer
What are the names of all my saved lists
find my thai takeaways around grassmarket
activate the vacuum
Play GTA vice city game.
Help me make brownies.
tell me what time zone portugal uses
put whisper mode on
you have done command exactly.
Can I have money of different country of origin.
... podcast next episode
you have to connect to my phone
New notification for meeting in two hours.
how much money have a spent in the last week
whisper mode activate
Are there ways for other people to send me money?
how long can i expect to wait for a new card
would it be okay to change your name to daphne
i need some suggestions for dinner places tonight
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
set alarm of every tuesday of march month morning eight am
Create an alarm for 6am
write down meeting at seven pm
olly that is enough, stop it.
i don't know how to spell spaghetti
How can I change my Rowlock ?
please switch on my wemo plug socket
can i please have a cafe americano
please turn off only right side light
how much time do i need to prepare chicken
can you text dave and tell him i like his paper
tell me how old you are
describe your list
by chance would it be possible to reserve me a hotel in afghanistan at the zoo for the 10th to the 15th
what alarms do i got
adjust the light option
Send an email and save the contact information for Samuelwaters@hotmail.com
I need your help to check my account, please! My card keeps being declined at the ATM, and I've already tried two different ones!
My card has been swallowed by an ATM
give adam my gps coordinates
i do need to get some more checkbooks mailed to me
make a reservation for two at olive garden
send voice email
anything would be ok with me.
What is wrong with the exchange rate? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
this song is too good
How do the disposable cards work?
i need to know my cards minimum payment
repeat the question
Remind me to turn off the lights in 10 minutes
I need to find out what is the limit for top-ups.
do i have enough points on my starbucks card yet
There is an extra small charge on my card! What do I do?
Why am I being asked to verify my identity?
have no idea regarding to what to do.
reply email to charlotte
Why has my top up been returned?
what percentage of gas do i have left
What are the coordinates of the equator?
tell me what ingredients i need for carne asada
Why isn't this accepting my identity?
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash
will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee
reply an email to jason that i will not come tonight
I used my card the other day to get cash from an ATM and was charged an extra fee. I don't understand why I am being charged a fee all of a sudden. I thought it was free to withdraw from an ATM?
start the vacuum at nine am
lets play battleship
i want to listen jazz
check item five on my to do list
empty calendar for this week
Where is johncena from
From where can I get a train ticket for Athens?
i'd like you to roll a 6 sided dice
could you ask the question again
Any local news stories for my home city?
please delete all my calendar events
Why can't I withdraw cash from this ATM?
What is the source of my funds.
is dinner ready yet
My card has been pending for a while, what should I do?
i didn't ask for that answer.
yeah answer was great.
whats the day today
I wrote a check to the account yesterday to add to my balance, but I don't see the amount of the check reflected anywhere.  Is it being held up for some reason?  I should have seen a new balance by now!
Please tell me why the purchase I made online returned payment. I really wanted this item and I've been trying for 2 weeks.
uh what does the current date happen to be
can you schedule a meeting with steve at the office, please
Can I send a cheque to do my top ups?
how is my credit score rated
is there traffic on i-95 north to new york from philadelphia
can i get a higher credit limit on my amex card
Help me verify the card used on a top-up.
Show me the news.
Are there any events going on in Milan?
once again.
perfect work, you've done well.
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
Did you resolve?
switch to male british accent
which way do you have my name saved
My top up hasn't gone through yet, why?
tell me how to get from here to the chimes in covington
Put me in on Tuesday, the 21st at ten with Al
how old are kim kardashian's children
I need to delete my account.
PDA, Are there any alarms set?
What fees are charged when I top up
How can I change my password?
what kinds of subjects do you know about
I reside in the US, but I want a card.
hey olly inform me about latest picture updated by priya chopra on instagram
What is London Time?
I used my card and there was a fee
What can you use the disposable cards for?
what does confrontation mean
olly will you please shut down.
Is there a  way to  get around fees
all alarms
I want to add an event to my calendar
I have been charged a fee, I didn't know about this fee before! When do you charge extra for card payments?
tell me the time when punjab mail will reach gwalior
tell my bank that i'm travelling to france in 2 days
can you read my emails from rob?
can you freeze my bank account
What us the fee to transfer money from my bank?
air amount in tires
you have done it correctly i appreciate it.
music, Third Day
Grocery list add eggs
I did not receive all of my cash back
Olly help me remember to call Janice at 4pm
Why does it cost more to pay with my card?
Turn off the lamps.
Please play only A.R. Rehman's Songs.
There are a few transaction that I don't recognize, I think someone managed to get my card details and use it.
s2, i was unclear about this.
can you assure me i have a table at taco bell at 7pm
increase the brightness in this room
i'd like to set up direct deposit
i need to know about exchange rates
do i have anything on my todo list about shoveling snow
when is john's birthday?
i think my visa card was stolen
What do I do if I've been charged twice for the same transaction?
Can I change to another currency?
Where was Will Ferrell seen last night?
is there anything available in new york city from april 2 through april 8
i would like to listen to this mornings mike and mike podcast
Play song Aces High
i need to know the proper spelling of curiosity
What do I need for activation of my card?
how can i get it to add money automatically while travelling
what is the traffic like on the way to work
Where do I go to add a new card?
who do i call to report my card as lost
Is Halloween on a Friday this year?
i didn't quite catch that.
what are my new emails
I completed I transfer the day before yesterday in this country. The transfer still is not complete. I've checked on the account number multiple times to make sure that it is the right one. Can you check to see what's going on with this?
set a meeting with tom for 5:30 tomorrow
what is the gas mileage for the car that i drive
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at four pm time
how many eggs are on my grocery list
i wanna know when my meeting is with dan
where did i put my phone
could you please confirm details.
go to whisper mode until this movie is over
beg your pardon.
Play for me radio 93.3 fm
can you see if i have any vacation days available for a request
Keep me up to date with today's NBA scores.
My transfer is still coming up as pending.
Where was Madonna born?
Why are my payments not working and show pending?
play bbc radio one
what is the definition of forensic
please tell me how much money i have in my bank accounts
what will the weather be like a week from now
change lighting colours
i need to do something about my dead car battery
I was charged twice for a restaurant, can you take the second charge off?
how long does cottage cheese keep in the fridge
olly please read me today's news
Where is Nayagara falls located?
can you tell me how i would normally say thank you as a french person
good work, you have done well, olly.
My card doesn't work when I use it.
where can i order takeout
play the song for me
Can you help me transfer funds from another bank account to this account?
i have transactions on my card that aren't mine
What, if any, is the limit  for auto top-up?
i want a train ticket to oregon
so when was car in shop
When did dave matthews email me about the contract?
reserve a table at tropicana for 5 people under the name martins for 8pm
what is the time in china
My statement is showing an extra £1 charge and I am unsure why. Is there an explanation for this?
i need to know the point of life
roll a die please
switch on the lights
what is the difference between yesterday's and today's stock prices for walmart
how many emails do i have from work today
Play my most favorite country song.
open subway surfers
Get me some food!
does olive garden have take out
If you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
turn on switch of wemo socket
vacuum the kitchen
do you think you are a bot
My payment was reverted by the app
how congested is the traffic on my way to work
What is this extra pound charge for?
what is the meaning of realism
Turn off my smart plug socket.
How is the exchange rate doing?
what is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine
I want to hear some local talk radio.
where should i go this weekend
start a small chart
what timezone is lima in
buhbye
There are a few transaction that I don't recognize, I think someone managed to get my card details and use it.
please make a coffee for me
what amount of gas is in my car
what is the day off request status please
who has responded to my business within the last twenty four hours
delete event for tuesday
It is still pending, I am still waiting. Your system just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
when can i pick up my order
yes you got answer correcly.
is there traffic to work
i think you don't get answer right.
What forms of payment do you accept?
please tell me about upcoming alarms
How many top-ups can be approved?
please tell me the news
what's going on around the neighborhood
Would you like to play a game?
Tell me the best player of basketball of this week
Why am I having trouble withdrawing cash?
Describe the general topography of central park.
i think your answer is not correct.
is there an option to speak only in mandarin
i need to know the dollar to peso conversion
what reminders do i have currently
who is the artist of this song
was my meeting today rescheduled
Why do you need to check my identity?
is the friday's full after 4
what is the process of reporting a lost card
please turn off all the lights in my house
What caused my transfer to fail?
Is my card usable anywhere?
i think you are wrong.
i want some coffee now
I want to hear this podcast
PDA, whats it like outside?
Why is the check I deposited this morning not showing up?
Please help me regarding a direct debit in the app that I don't recognize.
can you please put on music
how many carry ons can i take on a flight with southwestern to tampa
Where do I order additional cards?
please turn up the volume
skip to next nyt podcast
where do i find my gold card rewards
turn the fan on please
Why did the funds for one of my purchase come back to my account?
I purchased something overseas and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
what is the state of the weather in seattle
remove the alarm set for four hundred am
latest tweets
what is my most played podcast
please raise the light i am not comfortable at this
how long does it take to get to outback in atlanta
please further explain your answers to me.
that's excellent.
find a virtual dice and roll it for me please
Please delete next meeting with Rajesh.
Where are the locations of ATMs that accept this card?
which timezone is las vegas in
What retailers accept my card?
Am I going to see a charge for a SEPA transfer?
i was trying to buy food at publix but my card got declined
I cannot get my google pay to work.
PDA: What's the recipe for fried chicken?
can you increase the brightness in the room
wouldn't really bother, olly.
Why has my top up been returned?
Does the PIN come under separate cover?
how many times does fifty go into one million
what kind of credit card apr do i get
give me a description of iron fist on netflix
dammit, i didn't ask for that response.
does my shopping list include apples right now
Won't let me top my card up!! Who can get it sorted out for me? It's urgent! How do I find out what the problem is with my card and how else to top it up?
delete my alarm for eight am
please increase the brightness in this room
what kind of pto have i used
i need a car rental for the first and fifth in denver and i'd like a subaru
I'd rather get a Mastercard
Where is the transfer to my account that I made?
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
my card is coming by mail how long will that take
i'm out of apples, add that to my list
i don't like this light please show me other options
hi! are you doing okay
start audiobook the time traveller
remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow
play song
do a coffee for me please
i want income data
my micro oven is not working properly lodge this complaint on snapdeal tweeter handler
play for me the game temple run
There is a card payment that I'm not recognizing.
set the temperature to 78
I am travelling and I tried to withdraw cash but didn't get what I was supposed to get.
thanks but i think you did not get the answer correctly.
Where can I get my PIN unblocked?
please turn up the speaker volume
will you please explain me more on it.
hey Olly, it was pretty much hectic day today.
can you call my mom
i no longer need to wash dishes; take it of my list
what song am i listening to
Where do I find the verification code for the card I'm topping up?
what's next on the list
please remove item a from my list
can you find me a flight from denver international to new york international on the 4th for under 700 dollars
play super mario brothers game with me
What goes with risotto?
play the most recent podcast for this american life
play lady by kenny rogers
can you please remind me of the items that i made note of to not forget
play my video game news podcast starting where i left off
shuffle music
i can't hear you speak up
olly that's enough, just stop it.
get me news on trump
my water bill is due, pay it immediately
great work, you did well, olly.
play all third day
convert one dollars to rupees
Tell me about...
will we have to make reservations for roca
change the station to eighty two point four
what location can i get a w2 from
i'd like to set up a direct deposit for my paycheck
where should i go for dinner
what, if any, are the charges for using my card in mexico
start vacuuming
please find the date of my last oil change
how many numbers are saved for alex
tell me more about the concert on Friday's night
What is the weather in Miami
How do I turn on my new card?
events in city
send John Smith and email.
when is peter's birthday?
Are there any accidents on the 405?
tell me something funny about people
you have understood my instructions exactly.
how long does it take to get to universal studios in los angeles
play my motivational playlist
send me information about events this week
I did not get the right amount of money when I used a different country's currency.
The card payment didn't work
What hour of the day is it in Dallas
what are the best sushi restaurants in reno
incorrect command.
I want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes.
find apple pie recipe
how do i report a lost discover credit card
Take me to the most popular post.
Why is there a transaction that shows multiple times?
Where is the pharmacy in Leavenworth?
how long does it take to get there
please can you further explain me about your words.
Where can i top my card for free?
what will be the time now in washington
The exchange rate for my withdrawal was wrong.
how long until pork spoils in the fridge
The currency exchange rate was wrong for a purchase I made.
what days are my alarms set for
tell me the expiry month of my card
My top up is not working in Apple Pay.
add this person's email
what's the currency conversion between rubles and yen
i need alarm for both 4am and 7am
LAtest event in new york city
I don't understand why I'm being charged for using my card.
reply mail
does one need a visa to go there
Why would I be charged an extra fee while doing a transfer?
please show me lists
how many saved days of vacation time do i have
is my visa bill over my limit this month
please put cleaning on my list of things to do
is the last order is ready
clear schedule
what's the calorie content of chicken nuggets
Do you charge for sending more cards?
how do i schedule car maintenance
what type of insurance plan am i enrolled in, please
what do i have next to do
find my credit score
Current time please.
What should I do if the atm eats my card?
can i substitute butter for margarine
what is the headline from today's morning local news
Make a coffee please.
I just realized I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
Olly, do you know what a joke is?
have i received any emails about jared's birthday
what is your place of origin
Please make me updated about today's scenario.
Tell me the recipe to  make cake
Alexa, how many libraries does the world have?
please explain again to me.
erase next calendar event
i'd like the number for my credit score
is bills house number in my contacts
my response to that is yes
s2, i did not catch up with you.
send a text to joe
i need to wake up make me the strongest coffee you can make
can you suggest some of the most popular travel destination
show me my reminders
I have a top-up that's still pending and wanted to know about it.
would you please once again rephrase me on your answers.
there's a messed up transaction on my account from mcdonald's
I made a transfer the day before yesterday within this country. It is still not showing up at all. I have double-checked and the account number is certainly right. I've actually type this multiple times. can you look into what is going on here?
Play The Davinci Code
Set a reminder for 5pm tomorrow.
I need to write an email to a new address, brandon at example dot com
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
How can I fix a problem where my virtual card is rejected?
Can you tell me the countries you provide support for.
Help me create several temp cards every day.
set up a new reminder to alert me when it's time to put the trash out
What does I-75 look like?
that is good one, i appreciate it.
Playback Tom Clancy: Splinter Cell
leave the date of june 4 open on my calendar
i need to play sims
HELP. My account has been deducted already and the Seller says they haven't received the money yet? When can they expect it?
check my last command.
are you real or a computer
you have to check out kfi he's the best
list upcoming pop albums
please modify the wrong command.
What do I do to verify my source of funds?
The transfer I made isn't reflected in my balance
What is this $1 charge on my statement?
how much gas do i have
what is the aid i get from these health benefits
i am interested in a new insurance plan
i want you just cancel it.
tell me what i can find on the shopping list
can you try what i just said again.
Pull up the news.
which day is march 20
I haven't received my virtual card.
give me options for indian carryout under dollars
for travel to argentina, do i need to get a travel visa
i think this was not correct.
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
can i raise the limit to 500 dollars
great talk, thanks
I need help with activating my card
Call a car for me
How do I deal with a stolen card?
Increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
choose contact
Show me the alarms I set
can you teach me how to change my oil
lost my card in atm
hey siri tell me what time it is
Can I have money in more than one currency in my account?
I just got my new card.  How can I activate it?
Please send a notification when John replies
change the alarm weekly settings
When will my meeting with Sandy occur?
the information is wrong
what can you see on my shopping list
is flight dl123 due to land as schedule
can you bright the lights please
play stuff you should know
In exchange for top ups will you take fees?
I need to urgently transfer something from China. How long will it approximately take?
stock market
i need an alarm for 6am
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
open twitter type my complaint and post to @consumer service
please will you elaborate further on last sentence.
Should I wear sandals or shoes with socks?
Reply to Truette and let him know I will be there.
Will this card work at any ATM?
I do not understand why there is a pending 1£ charge on my statement, I do not recall making this transaction. Can you please tell me what this is about?
play recently added music
what does pesto mean
Plan me a holiday trip
Email Robert.
Give me the birth details of Abraham Lincoln
you've done it right musch appreciated, olly.
I bought something and received it, but the payment went back to my account. Is the seller okay?
cancel tomorrow's meeting
let's suck out the dust
i am not to sure about that
clear my day on the twenty ninth
How much time do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it fast. It's been hours, and the money has not gone through.
play what live
Describe (insert) for me please
where was my package last at
HOW MANY DAYS UNTIL MARCH 30?
take lunch meeting off my calendar
I am not supposed to be charged a cash withdrawal fee, but I was.
I'm in China and need a new card. Please help.
When I exchanged currencies the value of my money changed.
play podcast for the philadelphia eagles content
add meeting reminder for Sunday with my parents in law
get local events
I need my virtual card
is it {raining, sunny, etc. condition here} in {location} /here/ now?
make some coffee
wake me up at five hundred and thirty
Will my transfer immediately show up in my account?
hi there
In the calender, put that we are having dinner with Frank at eight p.m. on the ninth of August.
What is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
Where is my money that I transfered?!
Echo, play Children's Music
that was helpful,.
check someone's recent emails
speak again please.
When I withdrew my money, why was there an extra charge?
i need to find out do you know if zeus does reservations
delete all the events of today
is it true the hanging tree really had someone hung from it
Check my mail for new email
did you get the command correctly?
thanks but i think you got me incorrectly.
sorry but this was not the right response.
I need to track the card sent to me.
I do not remember purchasing anything for 1£, and it is on my statement. Can you please tell me what that is about?
will you add what i'm listening to to my work playlist
How can I delete my account?
How old is Miley Cyrus?
repurchase last train ticket to phillyx
Give me the last news about Iphone
i would like to know when is the next holiday here
do i need pants
Can you put on The Giver?
how did your day go
decrease volume to 4
wouldn't mind for anything.
when was my last car service date
tell me something funny about parenting
Start a conversation with me about politics
I'll send a check to top up my account
i need to know the apr for my visa card
go ahead and skip this song and play the next one
send <unk>
can't say
i would like to mute the speakers please
can i get an uber for myself to the grocery store
how is the traffic right now
what is the location of my phone
how we stop my account
I have been trying to make transfers to another account but I keep getting a declined notice. I have checked all of my information more than once and my information is accurate.
My source of funds require verification.
How much does it cost to do a transfer?
What currencies will this app exchange?
when will my package arrive
what is frieda's home address
i need to report a stolen card, please
you came from where
restate the last thing you told me
There was an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawal!
What countries do you currently do business in?
on tuesday i will be leaving for tennessee and will not be returning until the twenty ninth, alert my bank of this
who is the boss of you
I am yet to receive the money in my account how long will this take?
send my current location to my superior
PDA name: remove the xxxx from the list
It appears my top-ups have been canceled.
Begin reply...
stop working on it, i need something else
provide me assistance on where to go to get my w2 for tax reasons
help me find new insurance providers
How do you get a virtual card?
what is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros
what is the secret or meaning to life
my shopping list should have carrots on it
it doesn't matter for me.
add rice on the list
If I have more than one disposable card, can I make five payments on each of them?
stock price fb
Should I take a sweater or a coat to work today?
find me an uber
look up the definition to ambulance
how congested is the traffic on my way to work
There's a possibility that my card was compromised.
How is an exchange rate calculated?
please turn the lights up to eight
how do i get top up with cash deposit
thanks but you don't get the answer correctly.
when does my balance update for a transfer
Why wouldn't a transfer go through?
Play mp playlist from start
PDA please give me the time.
I lost my wallet and I think someone is withdrawing cash with my card. Please help. It is urgent.
when is the next office meeting
what is the expiration date on my card
what's up with my american airline flight will it be on time
can you let me know the info on how to apply for a visa card
Would I be able to get a second card?
order chinese from china spring wonton soup and a small beef and broccoli
find meaning of this in dictnery
add a block to my capital one bank account so it cannot be used any more
Please check my mail
What time does *** start?
I returned an item but don't see it on my account?
what signs should i look for to know if i should change my tires
what's the famous monty python joke about the bird
My card shows a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
How do I activate my new card I just got?
i need to know who programmed you
what is the skedule on
show latest email from Mark, Olly
CISCO SYSTEM
At what time have you set alarm for me
More volume please
open grocery list and add milk
What currencies is an exchange rate calculated in?
How can I get my Google pay top up to work?
will you please repeat what you said
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working?
tell me what my calendar looks like for march 12th
dammit, you gave me not correct information.
I want to play the next episode of this podcast
what does discretionary mean
i would like to set a reminder to bring the plants in tonight
Learn my consciousness so well I could go on living in PDA form after I die.
Can I hold money in multiple currencies?
play superstar
flip a coin if you will
I believe I left my smartphone at the hotel I was staying at.
i need you to say that last information again but much louder
I did a card payment but its status is still coming as pending. Please check and inform when it would complete.
please add list of friends to invite for the party
How far away is Seattle?
Who is the artist of the current playing song?
What are the restrictions on auto top-up?
is there a way to raise my mastercard credit
Card payment didn't go through.
i am interested in what emotions are conveyed in grateful dead music
add eggs to the list
can you spell hamburger
what is the most unique piece of trivia relating to cameras
how much do you charge to top up US cards?
don't talk until i ask you to
could you translate atm machine into english
what's happening at the library this month
do they take reservations at applebeesi
I want to know why I have been unable to withdrawn funds.
bbc live
how long does it take for a transfer to arrive
How much is a GBP in USD?
So, I was under the impression that you have an offer for crypto top up. This doesn't seem to be working. Now, the money has just disappeared from my account. What is the deal?
I need help finding the verification code on the top up card.
i have used my card online before and wasn't charged, why am i charged now
which contact haven't i called in twelve months
What is the current time?
yes, this is true
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
plase hold my account for now
make coffee for me
Dollar rupees exchange rate
see if john is available for a meeting on Monday
what is happening to my order
I was charged a fee for a card payment. Why?
please remind me to do this later
Start my favorite music
Start the I'm Feeling Lucky playlist on Google Play.
Please open my twitter app and find complaint section for Olive Garden.
cut off the bathroom lights
I just realized I made the wrong transaction yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow Please.
What credit cards do you carry
tell me my list names
you've done it right appreciated.
set a pto request for april 1st and 2nd
list the current price of microsoft shares
give me the definition of arrow
what is ___ +-x etc ____
What do I have going on today from 2-4 PM?
This stupid system is not letting me prove my identity.
can you tell me when our next day off is
I didn't set up the direct debit I have
Send the email to John.
listen to npr radio
open the podcastaddict
It's 8:55 here, what time is it in England?
remove my todo list
I paid with card and I think there was a fee applied.
how can i tell what my current location is
What happens when a payment is reverted?
what's the point of life, anyways
play techno music
yeap got it perfectly.
Play 94.5 FM.
what chunk of my income have i spent on rent this year
book a first class ticket in the next train to miami
I need to transfer funds into my account. How can I do this?
Are there steps to see where my funds come from?
When will the cash that I put in the ATM be cleared from pending status?
Describe a rotor
siri, tell me where my iphone is
how much do i have to pay on my bills
Why is there a fee for cash withdrawal?
There is an unexplained $1 charge on my statement, can you please explain this to me?
on my card what have been my recent purchases
increase the volume level to 4 now
yeap agree.
did you get the last thing i said correctly?
listen to radio
who are you manufactured by
go over my meeting schedule with me please
My card is still pending, I've been waiting a while.
I would like to cancel my purchase.
i would like to change the name on my first hawaiian bank account
hello what time it is now
what is john's last name?
will you check there is a reservation for laura at black pearl
play purple haze
Problem verifying my account
send email to Tim
is it snowing in california
could you elaborate me more on your response please.
thinking about cooking dinner, what should i make
Can you tell me how I would go about learning where my funds came from?
Will it rain
how do you spell verisimilitude
d
please add list of things to buy for party
please sent this email to my friend
what is my vacation schedule look like
how many euro in u. s. d.
Can I find the origination of my funds?
I made a payment but it was returned.
olly turn the volume up
alter lunch event to repeat every friday
define my health benefits
may twenty two is my birthdate and i want to know the what day is twenty third may
cancel my reservation for dinner this saturday
Show me minutes of current hour
How long does it take to prove my identity?
What is a good substitute for butter?
how do you determine your exchange rates because one of yours was off when i got cash
tell me what is song is playing now
notify me about news
After this song play Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head.
shit, you have done wrong.
i need to know how many cups are in a two gallons
Order a pizza
send a tweet to tmobile for rude employees
can you just cancel it.
Is Elvis Presley still alive?
Let's roll the dice.
Lets play chess together
please start over.
Search for all titles for Huey Lewis and play.
How many days do I have to wait for the transfer to reach my account?
remove upcoming task
resume play on my most recent audiobook selection
who do you think i am
Looking at my statement I see that I was double charged for a payment I made.
tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again
show me emails from my friends
that doesn't really matter to me.
please check to see if my vacation has been approved
I have a fee showing from last time I used my card.
i love anything by elton john
Olly, what is the best tasting cut of beef?
find me a good spot for southern comfort food in los angeles
read me the headlines from Detroit News
play last libertarianpodcast
what is the forecast for the week
say something funny
Please explain how I use the disposable cards?
what music do i prefer
Can you tell me what I need to do to have my pin changed?
speaker volume decrease
can you turn off the living room lights
I believe my exchange rate is incorrect
could you confirm that please.
Where can I get a physical card?
Help! I need to transfer something to China.
i favorite singer is arijit singh find his voice on radio
what's the name of the song playing right now
yeap it was correct.
when referring to you, what name should i use
PDA, please add this to my calender
what does my shopping list contain
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already Would you please check if everything is okay with my account?
what's the title of this
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
what do i need to buy to make pierogi
what are the chances of the stock market closing below the two hundred moving average in the next fourteen days
My card got trapped inside an ATM, what should I do?
What are the limits to using disposable virtual cards?
which day this week do i have plans
is there a status update on my vacation approval
How do you determine your exchange rates?
find out where my phone is
share my location with ben and jerry
write down that i am going to meet with jenny on the third okay
increase volume to fifty percent
Where can I find out how to transfer money into my account.
well done, thank you so much.
There's an unauthorized cash withdraw
what is the exchange rate of us dollar today for rupee
Order 1 coffee from nearest coffee shop
it is helpful, i appreciate it.
how long does it take frozen steaks to go bad
I need help as fast as possible! I made a mistake on my most recent transfer; can you please stop it before it goes through?
Please make the lights natural.
Play my book
How long does a transfer take?
when is my flight going to board
Play led Zeppelin houses of the holy
add a reminder of a conference for tomorrow in new york
can you please read me the routing number to pnc
Tell me what is on my list.
I am having trouble doing a transfer. A "Decline " message appears after making the transfer.
Can save this music in my playlist?
please can you do it again.
i'm pretty sure it could be either
i want a rental car that is available tomorrow and that i can keep for four days please find me one
do i need to apply for a visa to visit dnipro
what is a trebuchet
Get me a recipe for cookies
do you know any good jokes
olly will you cancel please.
what's the latest news from xinhua
who is your supervisor, please
I was overcharged at an ATM while on vacation. I needed cash so I had to use it, but your charges are outregous and I wish I would have known beforehand.
I need this e-mail sent now
how many calories did i burn between three and five today
Is a physical card also available
tweet my complaint to @consumer service
please remove science fair from my to do list
show me upcoming events in chicago
imagine you had to pick a preferred animal between cats or dogs, which will you pick
I made a card payment and a fee is showing up?
LESS STOCK PRICE
are there any reputable car rental places in seattle
How much Yens per USD today?
I had to pay money for paying with my card.
Why am I being charged a hidden fee?
Please play Nightmare by avenged sevenfold
play the song that goes, "starships were meant to fly
i will need a rental car since i'm going to travel to new york
What's the traffic situation from Kamycka to Dejvicka?
help me call james
why do i not have a virtual card
Are there extra charges for exchanging currency?
what's the latest on stock market
turn the wemo off
when could i get my tires changed next
I got $20 when I should've gotten $100
Can you please give the overnight low temps for Costa Mesa?
Have I received any emails in the last hour?
cancel that input
see ya
I'm trying to purchase crypto via the app. I haven't been able to get it to go through. Am I doing something wrong?
you have gotten that exactly.
describe a romantic love
Can you give me info about what to do when my card expires?
What locations can I top up with cash?
There is a fee on my account. Why?
where are we located
May you please pull up information about a contact?
How old is Bruce Willis?
What is the top-up limit?
how can i go about jump starting my car
I need to organize a meeting with sarah, tomorrow alexa
i am the living blues
If my card expires next month, will I need to order a new one?
I noticed that there is a withdrawal in the app that is not mine.
How do I change the details in my account?
hey do you know any jokes
please transfer my funds
Needed gas, been delayed for half an hour.Please fix it!
whats the time now
My card wasn't working in a shop
hotel california is sung by whom
I need the most recent stories from Yahoo! News.
Do I have to pay for a physical card?
Hello you look great
make the speaker volume on maximum
set an alarm
Olly, how long should I boil the eggs
Alexa, please turn down the lights in the house.
I saw a fee on my app from one of my payments and I wasn't sure where it came from. Is there a way you can tell me when there's an additional fee for my payments?
Play the Game of Thrones audio book from the last chapter I was on.
If you send me more cards, are there any charges?
tell me how to cook pasta
GMT Time
tag this song with five stars
Please help me with the amount that i have withdrawn from the ATM today, the ATM has given me wrong sum of amount, and i could see that the app is displaying the greater amount than taken out.
best
where can i find my w-2 form
that is useful, thank you so much.
Bed room 2 lights off
please turn on my vacuum cleaner
where is this money from
I need to change my pin but I am on the road.
call a cab
I see I was charged $1 for a transaction.
Ok Google, tweet what a jerk the owner is at the gas station
how do you spell sanguine
will i be charged if i use my card in mexico
How would you describe a happy birthday?
set my alarm for 7am
skip this song
How can I prove the source of my funds?
what's the best way to cook pasta
Why is my card payment still pending? It should have gone through already.
does cuba require vaccines
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
Can you tell me why my top-up was canceled?
Google IBM stock prices
celeb news
Do I have any unread emails from Chris Thompson?
Do I need a raincoat day after?
home town weather
olly can you shut up please.
Play me a random song from my playlist.
that's a yes
is the dollar strong against the yen today
want to make the game
play little women
Create new meeting event at 2 pm
when is jacob's birthday
how is the traffic near me
Is Wyatt's birthday party at 10pm?
your words was not so clear.
Definition of computer
i want you to check what i just said please.
please set my account as frozen
When is the next office meeting?
what time does the last train arrive in dallas
so it turns out my card was declined at applebee's and i wanna know why
Delete all the events in my calendar.
ah that is great one.
Let me know the steps for the identity checks
s2, i was not so clear about what you said now.
What is needed to prove my identity?
what are my benefits with this insurance
is my apr rate good
turn on the light socket
Anytime I've made an ATM withdrawal before it has always been free. I now say that I have been charged for my most recent ATM withdrawal. What's going on here?
Is there a way to see where my money originally came from?
Is there anything new on Snapchat?
can i get my credit limit increased to $15,000
Can someone help with my passcode?
what date was my oil last changed
send email to mom starting with the subject vacation
roll die
My ID won't be verified!
is it going to rain at 1pm today
my card is coming by mail how long will that take
Make me coffee.
I want to transfer money using my credit card.
could you just cancel it please.
Is there a way I can get my ATM card back from the machine?
My credit card got declined for top up! What's going on? Can you check on why it didn't go through?
My payment had a wrong exchange rate.
what is the traffic this morning
what's going on around here this weekend
Put that on Facebook.
please turn on my vacuum cleaner
delete scheduled alarm
what does obsessed mean
please check the traffic to the home
recommend me some shops to shopping in Angel
What's the U.S. Delivery time?
Please turn on wemo socket
on 23rd march i have to go to meet my aunt.
hey siri give me a list of nearby shops
i want to hear my slow playlist
what is the name of the person who made the ai
If I lost my phone at the hotel, can I still use the app?
Add my practice at King's Park on Feb 4 at 2 p.m.
help me to remember to pick up stan later
goodbye to you
Are your cards available in Europe?
when is my next appointment with dr smith
check my calendar for march 4th 2019, please
next song
could you schedule a meeting with john smith at 1 pm tomorrow
can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approximately ten minutes from now
I tried to get cash out of the ATM but it is taking too long
whats the title of this
What is the way to go about getting a virtual card?
nope, not correct command.
how do you like to spend your free time
how many days off have i taken until right now
what's the time right now
check my email
please alert me to the time
Why is it taking so long for my money to appear in my account? I have been waiting a week!
i need to get four people to red lobster; can you order me an uber
who is the person u work for
What is the reason for this fee I got after a simple cash withdrawal?
please check and confirm detail.
do you have a fee for receiving a SEPA transfer?
i have a reservation for strip house for jennifer that i'd like to confirm
do you know where my phone is located now
hey what is the definition of survey
please play michael jackson album
Show chicken tikka recipe
are more shots needed to travel to argentina
how can i locate my credit score
Can you help me figure out what's happening? I'm trying to transfer money to a friend but it keeps getting returned. I'm not sure what i'm doing wrong.
please would you confirm detail.
My balance didn't change after I transferred some money.
can you turn up the volume on itunes
list meetings on calendar for today
how good are the ratings for applebees
I see a charge of 1L I do not recognize on my statement
can you let me if zeus accepts reservations
what can you call me
i would like it to be able to compute answer from search results like wolfram alpha does
Will you send a calendar invite out to James and Alice for brunch at 11 am on Tuesday?
Did snap become public yet?
add john@gmail dot com to contacts
Define speaker.
tell me that words spoke again please.
I lost my phone. Can I disable to app?
can you find me a brisket recipe
PLAY THIS PROGRAMMES IN THIS PDA'S
find  unread emails recieved from Peter today, Olly
Can you remove the last list for me?
adjust the volume to level 4
set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
The exchange rate was wrong when I bought something outside the country.
Can I use a different bank ATM than my own?
roll the dice for me
use shortcut
My top up did not complete.
what movie should i go see
Do i have to verify who I am?
I want to hear some modern rock
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't do myself, never seen that name before.
What kind of currencies can I use to add money?
Please add an e-mail for John Doe to my contacts, johndoe@yahoo.com
appreciate the answer.
what's the forecast like for pittsburgh
find and queue all songs of kate perry and play all without shuffling
scan the radio for howard stern
can you give me instructions on how to change the oil for my car
how many ts are in tethered
can you check and confirm command.
has my card payment been reverted?
before i pay my walmart credit card did i make any purchases using it recently
what do i need to do to change my abc bank account pin number
Give me train times from station to location
Add apahelp@yahoo.com in my contact list.
What time is it in Swotzeeland?
let lucy know my gps coordinates
no, that's incorrect
I can't get the card itself to work.
how long is the wait at chipotle right now
My virtual card isn't working. What do I do?
shut the smart socket down
I need an email chain to my mother I'm planning a trip to see her ask her how the weather will be so I know how to pack
I would like it if I could get an item refunded
What kind of documents do I need for the identity check?
nope, you gave me incorrect information.
Add lunch with Laura for Thursday at 1:00
talk to you later.
I lost my phone. Can I disable to app?
resume the memorial songs
tweet i am doing well on twitter
Why is top-up verified?
i need to get some assistance figuring out how to rollover my 401k
please call the golden fork and tell them to deliver one portion of the fish risotto
clear all from my iphone
what is the square root of 31
Send an email to Sarah about brunch today.
Where can I book a train ticket to Oregon?
How long do European transfers take?
am i busy this weekend
My card got stolen!
will i need an umbrella tomorrow
can you reset my pin number
please change time zone to canada
i need an alarm at 8 pm
how much vacation am i currently entitled to
is there a car rental available from tuesday to thursday out of lax
what do i have to do if i lost my luggage
what location were you born in
i am sad
could you tell me how to get to the statue of liberty by bus
who did the programming on you
pda remind me about my eye exam at Walmart on the 26th.
play soft instrumental songs
can you set a reminder for the current time tommorow
What should I do if my card is stolen?
How long does a bank transfer take to show up in available funds?
how can i order some more checks for my checking account
What is the present state of the exchange rate?
was my day off request approved
How quickly can I transfer something to China?
what will the weather be like in austin on march sixteenth
call me an uber for right now
I made a payment and it appears it is showing twice
How can I change my PIN even though I'm out of the country in Austria at the moment?
play audio
I think there is a mistake.  I am being charged twice.
can you flip a coin for me
hey olly tell me a joke
let's play never have i ever
how can i contact this person
Please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at 9.
Show Directions to Pondy
Is there a specific source that the exchange rate for the transfer I'm planning on making is pulled from?
start my vehicle
hmm, i think you have done the task all incorrectly.
I just checked and my payment was cancelled, why?
I did a payment but the app cancelled it.
do i have any pending reminder
please play forward episode in quantico
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
let me know when charges hit my credit card
can you turn up the volume?
Why am I being charged a fee for using my card? If there is some print out of places that charge me can you please send me that?
Request a driver for Uber in 5 minutes
What time will I arrive home if I take this train
i need to make a call
What was the news for today from news provider
what is the time train coming from sacramento
What do I need to do to perform identity checks?
Where are
Recipient has not received the money
Please give me an update on the election every 30 minutes.
what date is it tomorrow
I coudn't get it all done
can you transfer money from a to b
I made a payment that seems to be stuck. It's been a couple of days already. Can you tell me how long it will take?
is it ok to lower the lights
Why has my card payment been declined?
Cortana, can you turn on Pandora?
Is there a reason why top-up needs verifying?
how do i make meal
What day of the week is the 26th?
please help me to know what type of things you can help me with
I'd like to hear some oldies songs.
would you call me mary
Do you know if there is any rain today
call bob for me
please book me a taxi uber
Are physical card available?
Turn on the lights
I want to change my name.
Play some radio.
Please help! I need a refund on a transaction on something I bought and I need the refund right away!
hashtag...loving this weather..post to twitter.
always exchanging currencies, do you offer a discount?
is it supposed to rain tomorrow
what percentage gas do i need
how do increase the credit limit on my visa card
retry that.
i need to increase my credit limit for my visa credit card, can you assist me
What is the traffic condition of Florida?
How much is one serving of broccoli?
My card would not work at a shop.
Where is the cash from my cheque I recently deposited?
please will you check and confirm that.
olly shut down please.
what is the status of my refund
Help me!  I don't know what my password is.
what is three hundred and four plus one
please turn down the volume
what is the name of the lead singer in this band
Can it be delivered on a certain date?
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
what day of the week is first april
check on the delivery of my current order
I got less money than I asked for.
Why was I denied the option to transfer money to a selected beneficiary?
cancel my reservation for dinner, please
Create vacation list
what is the time difference between central and eastern
CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW TO TRANSFER MONEY INTO MY  ACCOUNT FOR ME?
what is the difference between the rate of the american dollar and the pound
do i need to change any of my tires
Tweet a response to Subway for slow service.
can you speak one more time again please.
can you set a timer for me
would vaccinations be needed if i go here
i need to know whether you are a human or are a computer
text sarah if she is free for brunch today
can I choose delivery times to suite me?
What do I have scheduled for the 19th at 2 pm?
order pizza
When I want to transfer money to my account, how can I do that?
Format data from calendar
i would not really mind, olly.
open train ticket app
What is the latest news on...
when did i last take my car in for maintenance
please call an uber for me
that was right.
Schedule a meeting with the vice president on Monday.
search for a flight from nyc to la on march 1, returning on march 5
what is the sum of 9 and 12
can the lights be turned up
The ATM isn't giving out any money.
would i have to wait long if i want to eat at chili's
I don't know why the deposit I made a week ago still hasn't showed up, I really need the money now.
am i scheduled for any gatherings today
Why do I get declined when I try to withdraw cash?
Why did I not get all the money that I asked for? I asked for all the cash in my my account, but I only got about half. Why is that??
I requested a refund from a merchant several days ago, but don't see anything showing up in my account yet.  Can you check on your end to see if the money has reached you guys?
How long will a transfer from the US take?
how well is the gas mileage while i'm in the city
who are you currently working for
set alarm for saturday morning soccer practice at eight am
what year did george clooney start acting
on vacuum cleaner
I got a new address and need to change my information.
set list
What time is it in a city?
turn on plug
olly that is enough, cancel it.
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
Change the living room light to yellow.
Someone took my card without my permission.
How can I get my money that I didn't get from the ATM?
can you tell me my interest rate
Cash has been deposited this morning but it hasn't came through.
my atm transaction was wrong
am i going to need to put on sunscreen lotion today?
flip a coin for me
get me a hotel room big enough for 4 people from may 3 to may 5 in boston
Payment i did not do
give me an update on the election in one hour
I see my transfer was declined.
replay the musics
set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at five pm
what is fourteen divided by two
i want to transfer funds between accounts
what traffic is there on the route to the pittsburgh airport
erase previous list
what is the purpose of existence
does mcdonalds do takeaway
what is the calorie count for one cookie
whats left as far as gas goes
find my credit score for me
how to delete account, not happy
what are your pets
so my card was declined at fry's and i wanna know why
hello there, good morning
have you any pets
speak slower
delete all calendar entries on march 3
Hey, play that podcast I stopped last night.
start playing my most played podcast
are there any meetings on the calendar for today
i have no idea for which to select.
When will I be able to see my refund?
Please delete samantha's party.
can you remove this event from my calendar, please
make the room brighter
Why does my statement have an extra fee?
please tell me how to do my daughters eighth grade math
Is there any problem for having junk food and drinks
i want to know the name that was given by the person who made you
Why isn't my cheque deposit showing on my account?  I though it would be faster and would like to to look into it and help.
convert eight thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. five thirty
Will there be a fall in temperature by tonight
my list of reminders is what
How can I reset my passcode?
let me know about upcoming events
brighten the lights
where is my order now
what name do you call me by
Are there any charges for topping up my card?
shit, not right.
book an uber for 6 people to go to the movies
in delhi traffic level too high
Bypass certain passwords
How do I get extra physical cards?
i'm having trouble locating my w-2
that is of no importance for me.
i need to take out the trash please remind me
use the word ataraxy in a sentence
will bj's take reservations
I tried to make a transfer but it failed
how long will i be on the bus to new orleans
|I moved out of my old house two weeks ago and cancelled my direct debit to my old landlord, this direct debit was working fine.  Now I've moved in to a new place and set up a transfer to a new landlord but it's not reached her yet, can you check it please?
Has my stock increased in value?
Given a choice, I'd rather have Mastercard.
give me date and time
Im trying to top up my card but it's still pending and it's been an hour. Is there any way to make it go through faster? Do I not have enough?
After I used my card I saw I was charged a fee for using it
Please help me regarding a direct debit in the app that I don't recognize.
I am not sure how this will work, but I have not received a product I ordered.  I want a refund, but should I just cancel the payment?
start podcast
suggest a meal from thailand to me
How do I reactivate my card?
Are there more than two doctor's appointments in my calendar?
oh it's great job.
how about any bookings in new york city from april 2 through april 8
look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency one
Play randomized Pop Songs, no repeats.
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal not working?
Great song for the commute
could you please shut up.
Is Keith Richards dead?
i am so hungry and tired and i think i might order some food now
show me the dimcolour
repurchase last train ticket to phillyx
Tune into the KORN morning show please.
Add podcast favourites to playlist and start.
you've understood command perfectly.
tell me my salary
i'm called tim
i would really like to know if i can go on vacation
How long does a transfer from the US take?
will there be heavy traffic near downtown philadelphia from lincoln drive in the next two hours
Hello. Can you tell me if you use Visa or Mastercard?
Let me know aboutthe new emails.
to which company is your design accredited to
Set a new alarm for that time
this week weather will be sunny or not.
what new movies are played in cinemas this week
Define broiler for me
could you find my location on the map, please
Book a train ticket from Los Angeles to Chicago that goes via Miami
is there a takeaway in chipotle restaurant
help me figure out where this fraudulent transaction from google came from on my account
tell me the apr of my credit card
what is the tracking on my package
i need an alarm
that does not really matter with me, olly.
Will I get charged on a foreign currencies exchange?
Can I link my card I previously received?
What should I do with my stuck ATM?
a rental car needs to be booked in nashville
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
Why is my transfer not done yet?
Can you tell me what this fee is on my statement?
Make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled.
Tell me a joke about dogs.
Someone has been using my card. There are unfamiliar transactions on there. Can you freeze the card to keep this from happening?
when will it be in 10 days
good
What time can I call from Pennsylvania and it will be business hours in Australia?
Please start the podcast
I am looking for my top-up verification code and cannot find it.
I have a withdrawal waiting to go through.
clear my calendar for the date of june 23
Can you pull up the latest time so I won't be late for my appointment?
please tell me a shop where i can find books to buy
Play radio, station 97.9fm
read my list of reminders to me
What do I do if the ATM swallowed my card?
do i need a visa to get into canada later this year
what is the current weather conditions in chicago illinois
Give me the  opening stock price of Infosys Technologies today
it isn't what i asked.
I couldn't make a transfer
can you explain to me what type of vacation days i have still
Please increase the volume to maximum
I want music.
Add slected song
Do I have any new emails from Sarah?
Hi, I draw out some money from the ATM today. The ATM has given me wrong amount and the application is displaying more amount than i withdraw.
How do I top-up while traveling?
When is (musician) next touring?
What's my stock fluctuations?
What do I do if I can't get my card out of the ATM?
How do I get my cash withdrawal to show?
how many emails today
I requested a refund, and never received it. What can I do?
The exchange rate I was charged for a purchase was not right.
dubai marriage
what is 15 ounces in grams
what's jesse's number
please alert me when john emails me
Is topping up free?
I can't be sure, but I think that someone may be using my card.
My credit card did not go through. Can you see if it has insufficient funds?
tell the restaurant i cannot make it
I used my card for a purchase and was charged a fee
What do I do if I have forgotten my passcode?
what's happening at the library this month
what do i do to rollover my 401k
Why has my new card still not come?
How can I locate the virtual card?
tweet freedom pop customer service i am dissatisfied
I want to cancel the transaction I made earlier
can i speed up your voice
When I topped up the app has seemed to reverted it.
when will the match start
what time does the first train depart from chicago
i didn't get your response.
is there a way to go by bus to olympia
will the restaurant deliver the order
i need to let my bank know i am traveling to chicago
I transferred some money recently and saw a fee on my account, what's that for?
switch wemo plug socket off
how do i apply for a visa card
Is there a limit on how much I can withdraw from my account without being charged?
what are the events taking place in new york today
order a smoked meat platter from beanos
Why do I have two charges It should only be one charge?
The top-up card is verified how?
does delta have any carry-on restrictions
i need someone to look at my car because my check engine light is on
how do i modify my insurance policy
Show geographic location of pyramids
what is my amex minimum payment
What forms of ID do you need for identity verification?
Remind me the upcoming meeting at 4 AM today
Is my country supported
where can i get shawarma in this area
olly i want you cancel it.
list upcoming events in newyork
Why do I need to verify a top-up?
please could you speak once again.
do you know what the timezone is in reno
please only call me joe
Find me new comments from my Facebook
what amount of money do i earn at work
I already have an account. Why can't I use it unless my identity is verified?
Can you tell me about today
how expensive is google stock
Send me a reminder to pick up my dog from the groomer at 1pm.
play some David bowie
you did command perfectly.
Where does Tar work currently?
what is the time frame for changing oil
I moved and would like to change my address.
show traffic in ohio
please fix the incorrect command.
i'd like to know if my account's blocked and the reason if so
Please turn the music volume up.
The app declined my top up. What did I do wrong?
misplaced my phone
Tell about computer definition?
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged for a restaurant visit. Can I get my money back?
get an uber for 4 passengers to get us to the phl airport
Send an email to Ms. Palmer, ask her if Dean turned in his last homework assignment.
can you tell me what reminders i've set
what day of the week are we on
i want to cook a quick breakfast what ingredients do i need
Send this reply to received email
Call me an Uber to the movie theater
try what you just said one more time please.
There are multiple instances where you added a fee to the payment, as well as some where you didn't. Do you have an outline of when a fee will be added?
tell me who is your boss
brighter
Can I change from one currency to another?
how do i track the moeney
Play love songs radio on Pandora.
how high is the s n. p
Why are there multiple transactions showing for one purchase?
How do I link this new card?
Where do I order a card?
I have my card now how do I activate it?
yeah it's amazing.
any travel alerts for that country i should know about
what's on the radio right now
does my capital one credit card have international transaction fees
UPDATE ANY NEW EMAILS
walk me through the items on my reminder list
Where do I request another card?
amazon visa card is stolen
any new interests from linda
name some tourist things to do in chicago
let me know about the stock rate of a microsoft
find the best life insurance for me
read me my meeting schedule
What kind of fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
yes your understanding was confirmed.
please share up to the minute details on sprint
can you send my exact location to laura
Is topping up with Apple Pay possible?
Can cats eat fish?
i need an algorithm to give me the result of rolling one twelve sided die
put alarm at 5 AM
how do i relocate my 401k
how high is pikes peak
what is the eta on getting a replacement card
turn the oven to 350
Remind me of Rita's birthday 24 hours in advance
that's excellent.
I had to pay one pound more than the set price!
it does not really matter to me, olly.
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
Why do I need to verify my account?
olly talk to you later.
Why do I have a charge for an ATM withdrawal? I thought these were free?
please check the incorrect command.
does bjs get good reviews
what is going for tommorow
what is 4 + 4
will i be able to get to the mall at 5:00, or will there be a lot of traffic
can you reply to the email
Can I use my card everywhere?
How do I receive a virtual card?
Which is the song playing now?
What is the process to change my PIN?
rise volume
could you tell me the last one you just said again please.
Remove my alarm for tomorrow morning
would you please elaborate more on your response to me.
Transfer declined.
set a reminder for fifteen minutes to change laundry loads
Tell me when the next big earthquake will hit California
I WANT YOU TO TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR OSCWAL PIPES.
Please switch to red fm
search my calendar for birthday
Can you tell me your exchange rates?
show me the newest podcasts
I thought cash withdrawals were free? Why have I been charged a fee? Also, how much is this fee?
Horoscope
add the new email to my contacts
please book train ticket to new york
My transfer didn't work how come?
Can you please assist me in Apple Pay, in getting Top Up to work?
this does not matter with me.
what can i carry-on delta flights
What do I do when a charge has been made that I did not make?
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
please create a new tweet
The ATM gave me less cash than I requested
signing off
what name do you have listed for me
My card couldn't pay in a shop.
i need gas what type do i need for this car
€1 was in my statement as an extra fee.
can you tell a joke
did someone who is unauthorized try to get into my bank account
what are some of the hobbies you enjoy doing
will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend
show me my routing number for account finishing in 29309
let me know about the stock rate of a microsoft
can you give me an overview of what march 23 will look like for me
how many things do i have planned tonight
tell me the exchange rate of ten dollar to euro
switch my insurance plan to a new one
robot vacuum cleaner on
i don't bother.
Ok Google, did Angelina Jolie leave Brad Pitt?
hey, i need to make a reservation for three at umi, six pm on february 30th
During the last month I used this account to make payments for my place abroad. I noticed the fees have increased and I wonder why. Shouldn't frequent users have less fees as incentive to keep using instead of increasing them out of nowhere?
really great!
tell me my car's tires' air pressure
Do I need to verify the top-up?
hey i want to get trains to manchester on Wednesday
did i have any new email
how do you cook apple pie
Is there a reason for my top up to be cancelled?
please check recent emails from new contact
what is 2 + 2
slightly raise the light
my luggage is lost i was on delta flight ab123 out of new york
current stock price x
go back to normal mode please
yeap exactly.
what is the nine am cst to est
I need to change my PIN.
Replace the current light colours in the house with dark ones.
do not mind for any one, olly.
play any pop fm channel
transition to another color for the lights
when is the neat alaram
i need to make a list of bills that are due
could you tell me the status of my vacation request
tell me the last phrase you just said one more time again please.
how is the car tire pressure doing
how big is the tower of london
my friend steve needs my gps coordinates send them to him
what's some upcoming events i might want to go to
Olly, is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets?
Would it be possible for me to get a second card?
How do I go about getting a virtual card?
how do i report the card as lost
who was your maker
turn the lights to red color
Can you find Animal Crossing
I don't understand why you want so much of my personal info.
set my paycheck to direct deposit to chase account
olly please just cancel.
Are there any new emails from...?
tweet bad day at starbucks
make my settings go back to their factory settings
Please turn off the wemo plug
length of traffic
When will my transfer post to my account?
i'm out of here
Send a tweet to company
show me painting exhibition in bay area
when should oil be changed in my car
skip and play next song
what company are you employed by
where can i locate my routing number for chase please
i have tried everything to complete a transfer but can't, what should i do next
Can I use your app if I am from the EU?
What can I do if my card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks?
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
how busy do you expect olive garden to be at 6
when did you come to exist
do I need a coat today
please let us start over.
can i tell you about my day
Please help me, its urgent. Someone has withdrawn money from my account as few hours before my wallet has been. Now i want to stop withdrawal of more money.
what jacket should I wear
Find me a recipe of spaghetti
Please email to my wife about next week weather
remove set alarm
After I attempted a transfer, it failed.
will you look up joe's contact information for me
The cash withdrawal exchange rate is not correct.
My money is all gone. What ways are okay to add money to my account?
what is that once again.
i need to make an appointment for an oil change, please
Why hasn't my friend received the money i sent them yet?
Olly, can you turn the volume up?
I made an out of country transfer and it hasn't went through yet.
are you employed by someone else
revert back to your factory settings
Can you give me information about verification code?
What's the weather in Toronto today
The store card reader would not accept my card.
who is singing that song on now
let's play a game how about tic tac toe
check how many days off i've taken
please add this song to my country music playlist
strongly agreed.
There is an extra charge on my app that I was not told about or I was aware of!
how long to reheat chinese food
What are the benefits of a disposable card?
i need an alarm to go off tomorrow at five fifteen
Play my Roxy Music playlist.
i must pay my cable bill
brew coffee
show me my list
Will you dim all the lights.
check if meeting rooms are free from 6 to 7
you have got that exactly.
How many tries do I have to enter my pin before I'm blocked?
howdy, what's new
send email to daddy, i'll be going to the birthday party.
who is it that you work for
i want you to text mark
speak as loud as you can
i need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids
uh no, you've done in wrong manner.
Can I use the system Google Pay for top-ups?
Why isn't top-up working? My top-up money disappeared after I saw that it was successfully transferred. Is it gone? Where did it go?
you need to respond to a new name called joey
Tell me about UMF
There is a payment that i made that i noticed has not gone thru yet. Can i ask why?
I messed up and made a transaction using the wrong account.
please can you rephrase me further on your answers.
define a phrase blue sky research
I want to top up my account with a cheque
can you read me news on Trump?
I want to cancel a transaction from this morning.
switch the lights to off
i want to find out if this will hurt my credit
Louder volume please
I tried to take out cash but the amount isn't right, so what do I do?
Why did my payment not go through why did it cancel?
Will you tell me what time it is in Cloverdale, Indiana?
I'd like to get a Visa card, please.
when did i get my check last
is there anything you like to do in your free time
What does a beech tree look like?
I had a great day today.
i need to know the travel alerts for kenya
i need you to text mickey saying 'can we reschedule
network podcast
I tried to top up. Why was it denied?
Email George Brown
can you tell me a good place to eat
Please play my music
how much in taxes will i owe
add this email to my contact list
my car needs an appointment for an oil change
remind me to take out the trash
continue playing where I left off
Should I bring a coat?
IT IS HOT TODAY, IS NOT IT ?
can you track the location of my phone
what will traffic be like at 5:00 going towards the mall
please let's do it again.
how long do i roast chicken breasts
Discontinue use of lights.
call me jake
For the next three Sundays remind me I have yoga class at noon.
How can I get my card to work?
Angelina has a birthday when?
what is the square root of 95
on what day is our next day off
could you roll the 8 sided dice
play my country playlist
i need a ride to the airport
Could I open an account for children?
tell me the trains from california to new jersey after eleven pm
please play the Mark Levin podcast
please can i know what time will it be at six pm here in australia
Create new calendar event
please cancel all alarms for tomorrow
Is there a problem with the payment that I see is still pending?
What ATMs can I withdraw money from?
can you check and confirm detail.
nope, that's false
please shut off
When was born Abraham Lincoln?
Can I transfer something urgently from China? How long does it take?
what do you think about me calling you cora
Let me see the latest in the news.
touch the mute button
Where can I find that recipe for Magic Cookie Bars?
Repeat Earth song
Travel, book a train ticket
i don't want to attend the dinner on march first any more so could you remove it from my agenda
please create an alarm for 5:45 am and an alarm for 6:15 am
Please turn on the wemo plug socket
when it is nine in the east what time is it in the west
Convert CZK to euro
How do I close my account?
turn up the oven temperature to 350
How long does it take for a top-up?
set alarm for 9am
I entered the pin incorrectly too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help?
please increase the volume to 4
I asked for a refund but its not here yet
give me a cooking tutorial
i'll be out of the country soon, and want to notify my bank
Oh no!  I lost my card!  Help!
set an alarm for 9 tomorrow
do a tournament with me in candy crush
Where can I pay with my card?
please repeat the last sentence from that book
hola!
how much is one us dollar in british pounds
I was under the impression that transfers were going to be free and here I was charged for something I bought overseas!  I don't think this fee is right
Why is my last cheque deposit taking so long?
Please open my music application and play Games by Disturbed
i want to pay my rent bill
Play for me American Idol on Television
yeap you have done answer exactly.
I wanted to use my contactless at the metro today but it didn't accept it!
why did my card not get accepted there
remind me everyday at two pm for lunch
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
Can I still access the app even though my phone was stolen?
PDA, Coffee
i need a quick recipe for spiral ham
how to abs in six week
show me the application for a visa card
Give me the current trend on the stocks for Facebook and McDonalds.
Just let me know the population of India
be my clock
If someone sends me money, will I be charged?
Greg wants black coffee, can you make one?
Olly, how much meat should I buy to serve 10 people?
what's the time to destination going via bus to omaha
tell me my name
Can I make a withdraw if I am out of country from with out any fees at an ATM?
Player who play a game
don't get this.
Do you offer a discount on multiple currency exchanges?
let's play a game of trivia
that's good one, thank you very much.
help me find transportation to the mall of america
How do I get my refund back?
object search
When will my cheque be processed?
i need to transfer my 401 k
Read my unread emails
look up when my payday is supposed to be
hurriedly activates my robot vacuum cleaner
set reminder at 3 pm
check on the status of my order
I pick up raincoat today with me or not.
can you put on the giver
Why have my top ups been canceled?
How long is the delivery time to the US?
skip ahead one song
answer this mathematical question
how was the weather this week
Remove list from the database.
please start the vacuum
Should I wear sunblock today?
When will my top up process?
What is the US dollar to Euro exchange rate?
i will be visiting america so i will need to let me bank know i will be gone from april to may
How long will be the duration of the event?
what are some fun things to do in butte, montana
favorite this music
search jack in contacts
olly i need next weeks lunch put on the calendar
perform a coin flip
please confirm last thing i said.
Which route has less traffic today?
how come i can't find anywhere to load using cash
I made an online purchase and the order has not shown up. Give me my money back.
i want to know if opening a new account will decrease my credit score
play music now from radio plus
set 30 minute timer
Should I expect to be charged for topping up by transfer?
i need to know when my electricity bill is due
are there restrictions for carrying lighters in my backpack on a plane
what name would you like me to call you
activate radio and tune into nine hundred and eighty nine
I tried to top-up but it got denied.
I was charged a fee when buying stuff with my card.
let's have the radio on
what ingredients go in a milky way
i had a long hard day
Olly, delete list for groceries
What flat currencies do you use for holding and exchanges.
display my location on a map
I've been waiting for a refund where is it?
What is _________?
Let me know new emails from John
can you teach me how to set up direct deposit, or show me who can
Olly prepare my coffee
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
Plesae let me know the current time at New York
how are you
i'd like to hear the last utterance spoken again.
what caused a hold on my us bank account
ask a restaurant in My area
Does it cost extra to send out more than one card?
Whats the time in Chicago?
what is the answer to one times two
slow down your speech
what do i go by
i've got dollars for the month how much can i spend every day this month
My card won't let me withdraw money.
Are there any extras for exchanging currency?
I don't know how to top up my Google pay.
I keep checking my bank statements but I don't see a refund that I've requested from a seller. Can you ensure that I receive the refund from the seller?
remove cart list
What do I need to do to get my salary through this?
please set to female voice
initiate celine dion music
what are the different subjects that you know
I am not able to purchase anything online! I have been using my card on multiple sites over a period of two weeks and none of the payments have gone through. Why is this happening?
olly set the lights on blue
where is my food
i want to know the time to get to td bank in toms river
how full is my gas tank
can you play the rock playlist
can you tell me about the traffic
start email
how much money do i have in checking
What was the extra charge for withdrawing money?
i'd like you to check and confirm the command please.
i want to see all transactions in the past month for all accounts
play biography of jackie kennedy
can you speak slower please
what's the address for alex
thank you very much for your answers.
Why does it say my transfer failed?
my facebook update in every three hour should be available
can you confirm it.
i need you to confirm my reservation for kevin at red robin
i want you to add milk on my shopping list unless it is already on it
it's fantastic, thank you.
show me articles about the new iPhone 8
I would like to get help from someone in your customer service department with assisting me with activating my card.
How long does it take for money to transfer?  I sent some to a friend and it hasn't gone through yet.
European bank card for top up will come with any extra fees?
whats a good chinese dinner suggestion
I have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it. How do I stop the transfer?
tell joke
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card. What should I do now that the bank is closed?
Is there a charge for topping up by card?
i am curious to know if you are a bot
angry bird
s1, could you please again rephrase me about what you said now.
can you show me how to get more checkbooks by mail
cancel alarm
How do I link my card
how many more days before my verizon bill is due
I think my card was stolen.
please set up a reminder for me
please call christy
play yesterday's hot ninety seven morning show
What time is my Domino's order expected to arrive?
whats the traffic for the drive to the nearest restaurant
how high is the quality of this stone
Alexa play my second playlist.
where is a good place to eat cheap Pakistani food
What is eighty seven minus fourteen?
i would like you confirm detail please.
turn sound off
can i see all the international transaction fees on my amex
can you get a table for 5 at joe's at 5pm
do you know my work income
What's happening around town
change to whisper mode, please
Why is it necessary to verify the top up?
when was the last alarm set
Please explain why my payment was declined? I thought everything was good.
replay please.
can some more checkbooks get mailed to me
I messed up a transfer and need to reverse it.
I got a message that my transfer was declined.
I don't see any change in my balance.
when should i change the oil in my car
where would my w2 be found so i can do my taxes
i'm not sure what the answer is
I tried to charge my card but it was declined. A couple days ago I was able to charge it and it was accepted. Is something wrong? Will you double check for me please?
PDA, send an email to Stan Francis
Alert me of my dentist appointment at 2pm.
I havn't received my PIN yet.
Why haven't I received my new card yet?
please will you say once again.
remove the alarm for tomorrow
I don't have the means to prove my identity.
get me some food
how do i steam rice
can you tell me the current time?
Did I receive any new email from Robert?
Plaease play forward episode in quantico.
should i go through the valley or on the ten to get to westwood
how long do i need to make lasagne
Why am I unable to take money from my card but the statement says the transaction is still pending?
Is there a way to top-up when it reaches a certain balance?
does restaurant has home delivery
please let me know what the status of my day off request is
What do I do if my top-up has not gone through?
remind me tommorow at 3pm i have a doctors appointment
display stock price for lexmark international
is my flight, dl123 on time
I want a backup second card. Is this possible?
Why won't cash come out of the ATM?
play for me the music by the beatles
I think I was charged twice, please help!
i owe you one
i'd like to start calling you buddy
Is it possible for me to give my daughter a second card for this account?
do i have any calendar events this month
call me at six am
refresh email
remind me at five pm
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with my request.
switch the lights to off
Why did my transfer decline
tweet i am doing well on twitter
are there transaction fees in cuba for using my discover card
Remind me at 6 about the meeting at 7
i want you to clear out my to do list
can you tell me what twenty five percent of two thousand one hundred is
that is all, just stop it.
what time i sit in china right now
call me an uber to the movie theater
email john smith
my card got declined at target while buying a tv
open grocery list and add milk
I want to cancel my account.
what is the latest on donald trump
let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
Can you explain the various transaction times shown on my statement?
is the road in some particular area wide or narrow
your understanding was exact.
book a local cab
no speaking please
Is the balloon festival this weekend?
if i want to set up direct deposit, how do i do it
are there any alarms going off today
inform about latest scheduled events near my location
repeat what the weather will be like
When is the 22nd?
have remainder of the program to listen
Please Delete next Meeting Arora's Namkeen owner.
i gotta know the meaning of life
I'd like to hear some Motown.
Send an email to Julie that I can meet up with her on Saturday at 1PM
may i know who made you
could you let me know who made you
i would like to start a new list
anything will be okay with me.
book a reservation for 4 at outback steakhouse under the name dave
Please alert me when John emails me
put the current song on repeat
set a classic music
Is a bank transfer acceptable for topping up my account?
Are contactless payments enabled on my new card?
Update status of ...
call to the customer care
can i change your name
pleaze remove the the alarm which i set
how's traffic en route to virginia
is the train time to a location long
send a text to brooklyn with the message that i will see them later
Hello PDA, Beef up the volume little bit
Oliver will send me an email on Thursday and please set up a calendar appointment for our meeting based on the date he will provide on that email.
write this complaint to comcasts customer service twitter
How do I withdraw money?
that is right.
I'd like to set a date for this week?
How long does it take to show a deposit I made to my balance?
can i get a brand new card please
can you order me some pizza
hey siri, please cancel my reservation at the loft for 5
how much money is in my checking account
did you get the last thing said correctly?
is my reminder alarm set for dance class
train times to glasgow
can you book me a taxi
please delete this event
Transit
joke me
please let me know the exchange rate between indian rupees and us
Can you order me some buffalo chicken pizza?
How do I query a payment on my card? It looks like I have paid for the same thing twice.
order a pizza from pizza express
did you get what i last said correctly?
how to find lost luggage
is there anyone available to help pay an internet bill
how long is it gonna take to get to red robin in avondale
Please turn off Right side of light.
hmm, you've done this all in wrong manner.
s2, do not get your answer.
what is today's weather in springfield
My card payment still pending
look up news articles about trump
start the robot vacuum cleaner
please raise the light i am not comfortable at this
can you switch to whisper mode
please could you check and confirm detail.
you have done that correctly thank you so much.
Breaking news Fox News
make an uber reservation to the ymca, center city, philadelphia, please
when is my car due for an oil change
what kind of lists do i have saved
what is the car's tire pressure
A joke please
can the delivery be specific to my needs?
Give me directions for the place
What does it mean when it says I have a payment pending?
please tell me the minimum i can pay on my water bill
What is today's weather in Springfield?
what's the mpg of my car
How long do I need to boil an egg?
remind me about the meeting
I have been charged twice for the same transaction.
Where is Trump from
i was not so clear about that.
How long will it take to receive my money from my transfer transaction?
what events are happening in los angeles
walk me through the process of getting new insurance
switch off the light
Where can I find the auto-top option?
What's the humidity level?
what name do you want me to use
Is there any carnival in our place today
Any email from my client?
whats the traffic density in
I lost my phone. What do I need to do?
i need an uber to get to the bank
What is the limit on Auto top?
i would like to look up my credit score please
go ahead and give me a suggestion for what to make for dinner
it is nine here what time is it in california
what area did you come from
Please tell me what the exchange fee is.
please lights less brighter
please add roar by katy perry to my playlist
what airlines have flights round trip on april 1st to april 7th from lax to sfo
what is the way to jump start my car
I live in the EU.  Can I order one of your cards?
play episode two of the intern
that is not what i told you to do.
Clear my entire calendar
how do i keep my credit score from dropping
does russia have any travel alerts i should be aware of
what does the word hypocrisy mean
What is going on? My balance still hasn't updated and it has been two weeks since I deposited my money!
please request pto for march 2 and 3
i'd like to find a place that rents flashy sports cars in tampa
are there any alarms currently set
Are bank transfers immediate?
Will I receive all the money sent to my account by SEPA transfer?
can you see if you can track where my luggage is
what is the credit card's apr
I have to transfer money over to my mother, and I have tried numerous times and all that keeps happening is error messages.
I'd like to continue to the next episode.
is there a takeaway in chipotle restaurant
how many more days before my credit card expires
What country uses the most coal?
what time does the train arrive at edinburgh
how are you classified, as a human or a computer
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take that?
change all setting to original ones
Delete event from mine
Does transferring money have a fee?
the wemo plug should be turned off on
Could my daughter open an account?
could you look up the date that my credit card is set to expire
Is there currency exchange on this app?
go back to the midnight series
could you please check the traffic to our home
Where is the tracking number for the card?
When will my card payment be done pending?
how many rewards points do i have for my visa card
It seems like a transfer is pending.
can i hear the beatles
check instagram
continue onto the next podcast
What is the charge for exchanging currency?
how many days do i have to wait for my card
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, when should it be going through?
List the subjects and senders of all emails to me in the last week.
What do I need to do to request cash back? The ATM actually just gave me the wrong amount. The app I actually chose the right amount.
olly turn the volume up
Erase all content in my calendar.
is the weather bad in new york right now
Has Robert sent any new emails to me?
what was that one more time.
i need the arrival time for new york train
remove all the events on dec 26th
put the news on bbc
which new emails were received
Please check my inbox for any new emails in last 20 minutes.
display my list
Why did I get a transfer declined?
delete the list
Show me whats happening
What are the fees for a physical card?
you made a wrong answer.
are the reviews for ned's good
I'm having problems making a transfer to another account. I keep getting a declined message. I know that the information I'm putting in is accurate because I have checked it more than once.
Still waiting for transfer to be completed.
any status update on my day off request
what must i do to report my card lost
many thanks
Must yourself when I am in a meeting.
I have a trasnger that is pending and wondered about it.
Look up 'melancholy'.
where can i get the employment form i need to do my taxes, please
What is the length of a transaction completion?
Please tell me how to I bake 12 oatmeal cookies?
My transfer hasn't arrived
who is the music director of this song
how are things
what does altruism mean
have i set any alarm for today
Remind me to fill college's application form every two days from now
What do I do about a debit on my account that I didn't make?
good job, you've done well.
Alexa, send mom an email and find out what the weather is like for the week
checkout top restaurant near me and order shahi panner
recommend a movie with justin bieber
whatever is good to me.
please tell me what is the definition of cylinder
have i been spending a ton of money on movies lately
heads or tails
i would love to hear a joke about the dmv
Please show my list
Olly, I'd like an espresso.
after this song play atmosphere
find recent events of the celebrity
How much longer is it going to take to get my new card?
send email to joejoe@gmail.com
start playing fm 109
would you let me know today's date
I made a deposit in the ATM and it has not cleared
hello how's it going
please do a search for entertaining activities for tourists in mexico city
please can you speak the last one said once more.
explain investment strategy of 2017
are any of my new emails from amy
What currencies does google pay top up accept?
Latest TV show news
Today's local events
please remind me to add laundry to my list of chores
can you get me news from ny times
what is the time right now?
olly could you please shut down.
My identity can't be verified for some reason
add john@gmail dot com to contacts
what do you need to do to make sushi
When did you start charging to make a withdrawal? How much is it now? I always thought it was free.
tell me who is your boss
tune song of ddlj movie.
what is the exchange rate between the dollar and the euro currently
How much is the charge for a foreign currency exchange?
I want to know how many different currencies my money can be in
May I have another card?
i gotta pay my cable bill
find restaurant order food name
yes you've understood that right.
please remove this item from the list
i need to know how to make stuffed peppers
did mike send me an email
Will I get a visa or Mastercard?
Play A R Rahman music
please tell me some international news
what does potato mean
i would like to hear a list of my insurance benefits, please
Can you play me some Skramz
check my mail
is there any train plying from pune to mumbai tonight
give me the status of my vacation request
get me a coffee
i want to hear a yo mama joke
I would like it if my PDA could do my work for me.
i am sorry but i think you are not correct.
Will my card be accepted all over the world?
What is the news headlines for this week?
find local deals who schedule maintenance on cars
I want my PDA to find good posters and arts of my favorite shows
i will talk to you later.
do you know the calorie content of a strip of bacon
what is the weather in utah
any one would be okay, olly.
what is the total of all my bills combined
schedule an appointment to get my oil changed
list current car stories
please make my account a frozen one
Is it going to be hot in two hours?
Can you tell me what the disposable cards are used for?
WHAT TIME IS MY APPOINTMENT ON APRIL 4TH?
When will my balance reflect a deposit?
the weather is sunny today
i have to say goodbye
I want to cancel a transfer I just made.
wait, i think you have messed up with.
list shops in second street
i am looking for a vegan friendly italian pasta recipe
I tried to top-up but it got denied.
initiate the music on the electronic playlist
I want to listen to Be More Chill by Ned Vizzini.
I ordered something ages ago online but it's simply not arriving. I've got enough! Give me back my money, I'm not paying these people.
I sent a transfer to a friend that needs it urgently. It has already been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to her. How long does it normally take?
what are my options for new insurance plans
what length of time is safe for consuming leftover meatloaf stored in the fridge
I've been waiting for something that i've ordered for months now and it still hasn't arrived. I genuinely don't know what this company is doing, but put plainly, i've had enough. Please issue a refund immediately, i would not like to waste anymore of my time on these people.
open up contacts and add email something@gmail dot com
what you said is not clear.
PDA please check the recent trend in stocks
thanks but you have got it incorrect.
it appears that my luggage has vanished
turn off the bathroom lights
i can't give you an answer to that
how do i make you stop talking
right response.
How would I do an PSSO in my knitting project?
Please let me know how to change my PIN?
very true
When is the next train leaving for Austin
book an uber for one hour from now
I made a cash withdrawal but the pending status is taking forever.
Where are my funds being sourced from?
I just have one additional card from the USA. Do you support that?
cnn world news
put the radio on
wake me at daybreak
read me my schedule for march 2
that was good one, thank you so much.
I am being charged the wrong amount on my card.
good restaurants
can i increase the credit limit for my bank of america card
what is the meaning of altruism
turn on the tv please
latest news story
did you get what said correctly?
What currencies can I have?
i need to rollover my 401k because i got a new job
What are the fees of using an international card to add money?
Save information about love of BeyoncΓö£┬«
it is of no importance to me, olly.
can you please confirm last thing i said.
look for funny jokes
please can you check my last question.
Erase my Old English Songs list
wake up olly
what is recipe
does mcdonalds have good reviews
allow me to turn on the lights
glad we got to talk
Did I receive any new emails from Dan?
it's coffee time
what movies are being shown at the regal cinema
make the lighting bit more warm here
Can I exchange USD and GBP from the app?
what are some things to do in portland
you've done the task incorrectly.
tell me sum of five and six
set an alarm for me please
substitute for milk in pancakes
Why have I been charged a fee for transferring money?
know any jokes
Please set my alarm.
text laura i'll be late for dinner
i am sorry but you did not get the response right.
dim lights in living room
How long does it take for a payment to go thru? I made one a few days ago and it has not been cleared yet.
show me the reviews for the new jalapeno fries at taco bell
could you please turn on the plug
tell my something funny
add 'happy new year' to calender
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
I need you to get me up at 6am
how many calories are in chocolate ice cream
open my calendar
Reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
what's the dollar's exchange rate with the euro
What do I do if I completed a money transfer but the recipient hasn't received it?
how low can i reduce my phone bill before paying
please run the vacuum cleaner
what's your hometown
remove john's birthday from the calendar
what ingredients are in tacos
Are there directions to get a new passcode if I forgot mine?
I need to write a bad review for Yahoo.
Where is fiji?
minimize the light power
joe and i are to cancel the reservation at zephers now
can you confirm my reservation for torris at 7:00
can you tell me what's on my calendar for march 05, 2019
Please remind me of all the NBA scores in a week
My transfer to beneficiary didn't go through
put the radio on
will using a discover card in rome cause transaction fees
Can my daughter make an account?
send email to bro and say hi come down for dinner tonight
start the coffee machine at three
put the garage lights on
Delete the Christmas party at the church next Wednesday.
I am planning activating my card was it possible?
that does not matter.
was my order delivered
Please tell me when's my financial meeting?
can you increase the volume of the speakers
create packing checklist
Dubai marraige
how much are utilities
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transfer.
What are the exchange rates you assign?
please would you speak one more again.
i missed that say it again
where can user find pin?
lower the volume to twenty
I want to top up using cash, where can I do that?
Why do you need me to verify who I am?
what is the current exchange rate from u. s. d. to rupies
PDA, compose this email to this new email address
i need you to switch to my original settings
find ny train time
Does Mr T have a family?
reno's timezone is what
what is the status of my order
it's coffee time
Why is it failing to top-up?
can you remind me about the gym class in two hours
what time is it in a city
Please see if the restaurant Chili's has delivery as an option?
tell me if anything important is happening on social media today
excuse me
Why does my statement have an extra fee?
i needed to prepare for a meeting
wake me up at six thirty
what music is it
where's the closest zoo to where i'm at
you got answer exactly.
add apahelp@yahoo dot com to my contacts
get me a taxi to the airport right now
I got invited to the pub on Saturday
How do I change my name?
get me a stock price of audi.
Are there cash machines where I can change my PIN?
i am wanting to know the carry-on restrictions for united airlines
my check or cash deposit has not shown up
yeap perfect.
what new movies are good
get my credit score
Start the League of Legends game.
play latest reason podcast
recent advice concerning google seo
I made a purchase with my card and I was charged a fee for using it
what is a banana
Why has my beneficiary been denied?
I do not recognize a direct debit payment that I see on my app
find john smith from alabama
I had a problem with my card payment, can you help?
what do i currently pay in taxes
tell exchange rate of pound
what kind of fuel do i need to put in my car
turn off the sounds
Why is there an identify check?
what's the typical time it takes for a new card to arrive
what shops are round here
what is my citigroup card's rewards balance
please start the vacuum
how do i go to athens by train
Where can I find my fund information?
Wish birthday
cut wemo power please
I can't find the PIN.
Can you make exchanges using the EUR?
list remove
What are the fees to get a physical card?
ai, what can i call you
this charge is bs
Play my shuffled playlist, please.
I left my phone at the hotel I was staying at so I can't use the app!
would i be able to put in a pto request for march 21-26
I think my card payment has been refunded
that is true, yes
How much does it cost for additional cards?
May I get one of your cards?  I live in the EU.
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
i no longer need a table for four at chili's
Read to me the email of John Smith.
what is 250 times 118 times 9
i would like all of these things on my shopping list ordered
please can you confirm last thing said.
I want to change my pin number from an ATM. Is this possible?
what is worth doing around here
i can't answer that
As for limits are top ups included?
please will you shut up.
how long does it take for a transfer to arrive
The exchange rate would be?
would you elaborate again to me please.
HOW THE PEOPLE ARE SUFFERING HOW YOU WOULD HELP
if i'm going to africa, do i need some shots first
Will you guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
May I get an account for my daughter?
shut up
can you get me news from NY Times?
Have I received any email from Ron in last couple of days?
add work email address
remove celebrate anniversary from my calendar
how long until my visa expires
get me an uber
fix an alarm
when will my alarm go off in the morning
transfer 100 dollars checking to savings
don't speak for a while
please turn up the screen brightness all the way
Can I use my card while on vacation overseas?
please make a pto request for dates tomorrow to the twentieth
Is there a reason why there is an extra £1 charge on my account?
The bank machine didn't give my card back how do I get a new one fast?
remove alarm of seven thirty am on monday
I think a fee was applied for paying with a card.
The app doesn't think it's me.
tell me the types of subjects are you familiar with
you have got the answer exactly.
how many mpgs does this car get on the highway
what's my checking account yielding in interest
Are their certain cash machines where I can change my pin?
I would like my PDA to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
what is the timezone in las vegas
who do i report lost luggage to
tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality
i'd like my paychecks direct deposited in my navyfed checking account
i would like to know how many points have i earned with my credit card
Can you give me the newest phone number for Bobby McGee?
I don't recognize a purchase that was made with my card.
how much did facebook stock increase last night
Start radio and go to frequency on 104.8
which pubs participate in the jazz festival
I found my card, am I able to put it back into the app?
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at five
Is there a fee associated with using foreign exchange ATMs?
please find out if rooms are free from 1 to 2
where is mcdo?
mute sound
how many calories in meatloaf
How long until transfers from Europe go through?
I tried doing an in country transfer earlier this week. I thought it would be there by now but I still don't see the money. Can you check the status on my transfer?
i want to learn a neat fact about black holes
please cancel my reservation for tim at jb's
Can you tell me my recent emails?
I have an unknown debit charge in my statement, why?
Is there a function where I can top-up automatically?
remove the list called party time
is this program is scheduled?
stop play
i need to text joe
what is my current net salary
show me how to transfer to my account
Turn off the lights
what time have you set the alarm
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
what time can i pick up my food
can you turn the oven to 350
which is the best place to visit in this month
tweet consumer service
define rumplestiltskin
What is the current news today?
increase volume
put this song on my reggae playlist
i was flying out of chicago on american airlines flight ab123 and my luggage is now lost
it's too quiet in here
Why is there more then one charge on my card I only paid for one not twice how can I fix this?
what's lifes meaning
what can I do if I got my American Express in Apple Bay but top up is not working?
help me change my oil and what kind do i need
i want to talk to you about your hobbies
yeap you get that perfectly.
can you tell how many days i already took off this year
My account was charged a debit payment I don't recognize.
add carrots to the list.
can you please check the last thing i said.
where is there meaning in life
I have a new card. How do i top it up?
that answer's above my pay scale
I tired but an unable to activate my card.
let me know the alarm time
I received the wrong color and size, can I return it?
What is the dollar against the pound?
Can I use my account before the identity verification is complete?
Is there a reason my transfer would have been declined?
what is date today
What's happening on social media right now?
let's try it once more.
please search for a chocolate fudge brownies recipe
I cannot use my PIN.
How long does a top-up take to go through?
yeap great response.
I need multiple cards per day, and they all have to be disposable.
tell me why my card was declined at auto zone, why
i wanna get my w-2 form
Do you use Mastercard or Visa?
can you make coffee
play for me american idol show
i am exhausted from work
I can't recall my password.
calendar
tell me the present status of the credit card application i submitted
how will i know when my application for a credit card has been processed
lets pass on this song and do the next
How do I cook a meatloaf
keep me updated on the election results
Want to play never have I ever with me?
what is the us dollar euro exchange rate
10 past seven
Do you have a top-up limit?
add an item to the list
How long does it actually take my card payment to make it to the account? I've made a payment a couple of days ago but it hasn't moved since.
Which currencies do you handle?
i need to hear that sentence again.
how long will it take me to get to park avenue considering current traffic
What are the latest news?
Do I have a home number for Shelly?
I want to know what time it is.
Can I top up?
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for march twenty five
There is a suspicious cash withdraw on the account.
Would you be so kind as to activate my card? Thanks
where am i currently located
please inform me of the minimum payment of the bill
Why is this payment pending?
Do you have an age limit?
i need to find out how to check the due date for the water bill
Set up a meeting with my Tanya for every Thursday at 10 AM.
Is there restrictions on where I can use my card?
more bright
that is helpful, thank you, olly.
cooking recipe
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
Keep me updated on stock market prices.
What can I use my card to pay for?
Schedule lunch with Tom next week on Monday at 11:30 am
Turn on the vacuum now
cancel wake up calls for this week
set the volume to low
would you please check it.
How many disposable cards am I allowed to have?
speaker volume increase
are there any emails unread by this person
Which currencies are allowed?
How can I get a card sent to China?
how can i cash in rewards on my chase card
i wanna check my rewards for my credit card
i'm traveling to denmark soon and want to inform my bank
Where is my top-up generated from?
Play the Serial podcast
Olly have i gotten any emails from mom lately?
What I did at this time?
find a taxi to go home
Could you please check the traffic to our home.
you need to go back to the original settings
I wasn't charged the correct exchange rate for an item I purchased.
Where are you present globally?
make a calendar entry for next saturday at ten am please
can you tell me the date today
Will 'punjab mail' reach on time in gwalior?
book me a taxi to the mall of america please
Please delete the next calender event that I have created.
can you tell me where you were born
it's true
What should I do if someone stole my phone?
i need you to change your accent to the male british one
i no longer need the daily five pm alarm
deactivate smart plug socket
hello, what's up
will you please check it.
please set this date to repeat
Olly tell me more about todays weather news from fox
An overseas cash transfer did not work correctly
turn the smart plug on
I need a quick transfer from China.  How long would that take?
What is your maximum top up limit per day?
open calendar and make an event reminder
My card wont work at an ATM
is it safe for me to go to turkey
undo this process
What countries do your accounts support?
Why is my top-up pending?
make me coffee at eight am
when do i get paid again
skip ahead to the next podcast
is it okay to listen to elvis' music
would you say that again, please
Can you tell me the ATMs I can use with my card?
let's try again please.
Will a cheque suffice?
social info
make this room brighter
My card won't work at all for anything.
Hello Google!! Take me to google calendar please
that's not the right response.
Olly, please tweet a complaint about a store i visit
Order a meal from a nice restaurant
i want to text natalie
ring steven
Play The Jungle Book.
what is the currency conversion charges applicable
which song is playing now
order one pizza from pizza hut
i can't be loud and need you to speak more quietly
what are the best places to get shrimp in chicago
where can i shop as a local tourist
Alexa, send mom the following email
i really want to pay my cable bill from my checking account
Play Jazz from Jennifer's latest album
did ashwin joined party yesterday
What do I have to do to activate my card?
what amount of gas is in my car
you are so helpful, musch appreciated.
i want this song on my pregame playlist
I tried to pull cash from an ATM but it wouldn't let me.
My transfer did not go through.
I am so hungry and tired and I think I might order some food now.
How do I freeze my bank card, as there has been a strange withdrawal?
can I wear sandals
what was the $1 fee i got
Why was my payment declined? I keep trying my card but it's not working.
will you be sure to add this current song to my sleep playlist
be mute
I had trouble with an incorrect rate being applied when using the ATM with foreign currency.
what is latest news about this world
what is job title of jan medvesek
please start vacuuming
I think there has been a mistake with my transfer
My app statement shows I took out cash from an ATM but I did not. What can I do?
I would like to listen to Pop music please
let's hear some indie rock okay
will i be able to schedule a reservation at 4 seasons in los angeles
I haven't received my PIN yet. Do I need to get it from you?
Is the road a free way or a toll road.
let's change the language for you
I need to move money to another beneficiary. Why is it not working?
tell me speed to go sun
Will my pin number be sent with my card?
please explain me about your words once again.
i do not actually need my reservation anymore
Give me the  opening stock price of Intel today
i wanna know if my capital one credit card have international transaction fees
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
what is the meeting schedule today
How do I access the virtual card?
I want to know more about the upcoming Commonwealth Games.
Why hasn't my transfer been made?
Live365.com
how are stocks for google
new customer and filling gas today, it's not working, the thing shows pending half an hour!
What is the result of two by two?
Can I use my card anywere?
When is the last local departing from Mumbai CST to Pune?
how soon is my anniversary
Will my transfer be done soon?
don't make any sounds
what are the nutrition facts for cucumbers
play the jazz station
Remove the alarm set for 10pm
what all do i have on my shopping list
I have a 1 euro fee on my statement.
tell me how to spell the word dessert
Why was there a fee for paying by card?
what are the reviews like for l'auberge aubergine
call eastwind and order lomaine to go
i think you have done a task in wrong manner.
Play good mythical morning podcast
i need to know the cost of the cable bill
order ribs for dinner
Please tell me how to make a screwdriver.
How do I know what the exchange rate will be when I make an exchange.
please jump to the song that follows this one
what do you mean by this.
what type of questions can i ask you
I cannot remember my passcode.
how can i get your attention
How long do European transfers take?
What is the proper way to activate a card?
What should I do if I exceed my PIN tries?
Need help with my card. It's not working.
How long to get to work?
Play some Christian music
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it's just not working
add bob to my list of contacts
Can you tell me the weather for monday?
Buy me a ticket to take the train to Atlanta.
i can not use my card, it is damaged
After this song ends I want to hear Hotel California next.
i just used up my toothpaste and need you to order more
add this email to my contacts
i have credit card points but don't know how to use them
shut down my account
what day does easter fall on
How long should I wait for top up go go through ?
who is the singer
Delete my account now please.
check and confirm my last command please.
i've had eggs in the fridge since monday are they safe eat
i am sorry but i think it was not the right response.
Show me all the emails received recently
send a text for me
what is the square of 4
forex rate of euro to u. s. d.
i don't believe that is possible, it is false
please can you check that.
I see I was charged extra when I used the card.  I am not sure why, please tell me why.
give me the time in pst
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL WHEN WE HAVE TO PAY FOR CAR INSURANCE?
play all third day
For some reason my contactless has stopped working. I don't know what the problem is. What can I do?
give me today's calendar events after six pm
There is a pending 1£ charge on my statement.  I haven't purchased anything for 1£.  Why is it on my statement?
add event to calendar
what does distinguish mean
please turn off any lights that are still on
what ingredients are in salsa
trying to buy a mug from target but my card declined
message mom where are you
save my contacts
what's date today
wake me up at 5:30
When I made a transfer I was charged extra.
book me a train ticket for this afternoon to chicago
What is the correct time?
I was charged twice for a few things this week when I only bought one. What do I do?
let me know my card's apr
are you from europe
My credit card payment has been in pending status for a super long time.  I don't get it.  Why is it like this?  When will it go through?
who makes you
what's tomorrow on the calender
what rating do the critics give the french laundry
show list items
is mr ceo waiting me now
explain further on last sentence to me please.
give me the definition of the word armor
How long is the great wall of china?
Why won't you accept my payment? I keep trying with this card and it's not working.
Play all songs by Metallica on shuffle.
please give me today's date
Turn off/on wemo outlet.
when did dave matthews email me about the contract
Remind me that I like that song.
How can I change my name in my profile?
any one would be fine for me.
Why am I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
that was nice one.
when is the next train to new york
sorry, can you speak a little faster, please
Why can't I see my topup in my wallet anymore?
I need to top up using a cheque
can you help me find my w-2
who is singing the song i am listening to right now
do you know if my vacation request has been approved
Could yoi play the song Everytime I see you
what are the ratings about at pho king
how far can i go on one tank of gas
please add list of friends to invite for the party
it is okay to use water in place of milk
I withdrew cash and I think the exchange rate is wrong.
Let national grid know the power is out again.
How do I tell if my top up was reverted?
Please play radio when whether forcast is playing.
s2, can not get this.
Top up my card please, which y'all support?
start brewing please
do you know my credit card's apr
that does not really matter with me, olly.
I want lo listen song x
Do you offer multiple cards for the same account?
My daily schedule
My virtual car is not working.
If I want to exchange currency, will there be extras?
traffic alert
will it get warmer here next week
Can I get a card that works in other countries like Africa and Indonesia?
resolve this thirty twelve
delete my meeting event for march nineteen at one pm
I need a train ticket to Cambridge from here
looks like someone made an unauthorized charge to nike on my account
Where can I find your exchange rates?
In what way can I use the disposable cards?
olly can you shut off.
that is most definitely false
position the top five most listened to songs on my playlist in a queue starting at most listened to
what's happening around me
What  is happening in the world right now?
what's local slang for goodbye in hawaii
what are the size limits regarding-carry on bags
if you were smart, would you know my name
what is a good recipe for steak
let me know about any alarms set today
i'd like to confirm that i have a reservation at red robin for josh
Should my cash withdrawal still be pending?
is the traffic bad at 5:00 if i'm going to the mall
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph?
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at three pm next friday
save my opinion on the currently playing song
what currencies do you accept?
In my statement there is a payment that is I do not recognize
I deposited cash into my account a week ago and it is still not available, please tell me why? I need the cash back now.
thank you for doing it, olly.
how do i change my pin number for my account, please
I sent a transfer and it has been pending for awhile. How long will it stay pending?
what's my current fuel level
how long should i cook the cookie dough
Where can I get your exchange rates from?
Why wouldn't my withdrawal go through?
lessen the the light glow
can you remind me of sunday gym every saturday evening
check my to do list
I made an international purchase, but the exchange rate was wrong
will i be able to open an account for my daughter
10 minute timer
