My purchases from this morning are showing up as payment pending. Can you tell me why?
Why is my transaction taking so long to complete?
I need to order a new virtual card, how do I do that?
How can I get the cash deposit to show up on my account?
I'm not quite understanding why my cash withdrawal is showing as pending.
I want to get few more physical cards
i tried to withdraw money from an atm and i was declined on front of my friends. Why did this happen?
I can't get the top-up to work! What's going on here.
Let me know when I get charged extra for payments. I saw on the app a fee I wasn't forewarned about.
Does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
At which ATMs can I use this card?
How old do you need to be to open an account?
I am having trouble with the app recognizing me.
Where do I scan my card?
Do you supply both Visa and Mastercard?
Is there an auto top-up option?
How do I to up by card?
I transferred some funds but I don't see it
I'm currently not in possession of my phone, is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
Who should I talk to or go to resolve a duplicate charge on my statement?
Could I reactivate my card please, I couldn't find it but it turns out it was in my jacket pocket.
I tried to get cash out of the ATM but it is taking too long
What is this witdrawal
Where do I get a disposable virtual card?
When I got cash, my exchange rate was wrong.
I got some cash out of the ATM over the holiday and it seems that I've been grossly overcharged. I wouldn't have done that if I knew of these outrageous charges!
If i want to change my pin number can I directly from an ATM?
Two days ago I did a transfer to another account within the country.  It doesn't appear the transfer went through.  I have verified the account number several times.  Could you please check on this for me?
Someone else may be using my card.  There are transactions I don't recognize.
Can I top up any amount?
I tried to do a transfer but I got a message that it was declined.
What currencies can I have?
Something went wrong, I was charged an extra pound?
Is there a fee for topping up
auto-top up option can be found where?
I'm trying to use a cheque to top up
I have gone through my statements and noticed there is a large payment that I did not make. Can i still dispute the payment? its been a while
After the transfer, the balance did not update.
I need to know where do my funds come from
I want to exchange USD and GBP with the app
Show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
How come I can't get money at the ATM
Its been 3 days, How long will my transfer take to get to my wallet?
What is a pending payment?
I have been charged two times for one transaction.
My top up did not show up as shown and my money has disappeared, can you help me fix this glitch problem?
How come I'm not allowed to transfer funds right now? I just keep getting an error message.
Why did I get charged for a withdrawal?
How long will a transfer from China take? I need to transfer something from there.
is there something blocking me from making transfers
How come you charge for cash withdrawals? I withdrew cash after buying groceries today, and there seems to be a new fee
I don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
How long will a transfer from the US take?
Can I exchange USD and GBP from the app?
Why was the price higher when I paid with my card?
Why have I been charged for pulling cash out of my own account?
is my pin the same as my passcode
Why doesn't my card work for any transactions?
I transferred money to a receiver within the EU and they received a lesser amount than expected.  Now I will have to send additional money to the receiver in order to make up the difference.  I'm not sure what went wrong, can you please advise?
How do you top up with a cheque?
How do I transfer money from one bank account to another?
Where can I sign up for a virtual card?
How long will it take for my money to be deposited?
Help!  I can't find my card.
Why am I seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
Will I be charged for transfers?
How do I get a new card sent to China?
Where do I verify my identity?
Who else can top up my account
Am I able to use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
Is there a tracking number for the card?
I was not distributed all of cash that I requested
I just moved to the US how do I get a card?
My card payment is showing pending however this transaction was a couple of days ago. Is there a reason why it it still pending?
I haven't received my PIN yet. Do I need to get it from you?
What are the fees of using an international card to add money?
What is this fee for transferring money?
If I were to do a transfer, what is the rate for that?
How long until the transfer is reflected on my account balance?
A false direct debit payment is showing in my app
Do the disposable cards have restrictions?
Please explain why my payment was declined? I thought everything was good.
How do I activate my card, so that I can start using it?
What are your exchange rates calculated from?
I think the exchange rate for my for my cash withdrawal is wrong
Can you tell me why my credit card was declined while trying to top-up?
I just made a transfer from France 2 days ago. It has not yet reached my bank. Is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer?
My cheque is taking a while
Please help me.  I am still waiting on a refund.
How fast are transfers from Europe?
I only got some of the cash I requested from the ATM
I can't see all the refunds in my statement
I would like to have a physical card to carry around and use. How can I get one?
My card seems to not be working at all.
What steps should I take before my card expires?
I moved and need to change my personal information.
is there a way to fix my top up
I want to transfer from accounts in order to Top up. What are the steps necessary.
What are my bank details so I can do a transfer?
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
Seems like the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday was wrong. I was charged extra.
I have trouble proving my identity.
Why doesn't the app believe I am who I say I am?
Why can't my beneficiary get access?
I want to return an item.
After I used my card I saw I was charged a fee for using it
My non-physical card will not work
Can I change my PIN remotely?
How do I deposit cash into my account?
I think you reverted my top up.
I still haven't gotten my new card.  When will it get here?
My cash withdrawal says pending, why?
I would like to cancel my account.
i disagree with a charge
What can I do if my card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks?
I was made to pay an additional pound!
I made a purchase but the exchange rate is wrong?
Why am I being charged certain fees? I noticed a fee after I withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
Does it cost much or take long to get a new card? Mine is about to expire.
Where can I see the refund in my account
I tried to make a transfer but it failed. will you tell me why?
What is the charge for exchanging currencies?
Can you please check the exchange rate when I was getting cash?
Can I get my card fast tracked?
How can I see my source of funds?
What ATMs can I use this card?
On a card payment, why is there a fee?
Why was a fee charged to me for transferring money?
I believe my card has been compromised because of a strange withdrawal
A percentage fee was charged to my withdrawal.
I need my card as soon as possible.
When can I expect my card to be delivered to the US?
What extra charges are there?
I still do not see the cash deposit in my account from last week. Why?
I made a bank transfer earlier from my UK account.  I don't see it yet, can you check the status?
What do I do if I believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
I tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30. Where is the rest of my money?
Could you please tell me why my purchases from this morning say payment is pending?
How do I withdraw money?
My card declined
I have an outgoing transfer
Can I request a card?
Are you okay with exchanges to EUR?
what was the $1 fee i got
Why has my card payment been reverted?
How to decide if I get a Visa or Mastercard?
the exchange rate on my payment was wrong
I want to get rid of the account, and delete personal information .
I need to change my phone number.
Do I need to do anything? My phone was stolen yesterday.
Can I make a withdraw if I am out of country from with out any fees at an ATM?
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I am blocked.  Help me unblock!
Where do you deliver cards by mail?
there were two of the same charge to my account
What do I do for the identity check?
Can I use American Express to add money into my account?
What are the policies of disposable cards?
I think someone stole my card because I can't find it.
Can I use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington swallowed my card. How do I get it back?
I see a direct debit transaction in my app that I didn't make.
Can third party fees affect a transfer?
Where is the closest ATM to me?
I bought something while traveling, and the exchange rate was wrong.
I am having trouble transferring money to a beneficiery.
Why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
Am I able to use my American Express to add money to my account balance?
How do i top up my google pay?
I don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
Where can I get money from my card?
I don't have a password.
I have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
What is the reason when I tried to pay contactless at the bus, it didnt work?
What is wrong with my top-up?
I was charged a fee for a transfer.
Is there a way to obtain a virtual card?
I paid with card and I was charged a fee
Can you send me the actual card?
The disposable cards - what are they for?
My cash withdrawal isnt showing on my account
I don't know my password
Hi, I am trying to buy something online, but i think there is some issue in my card. As payment is reverted. Please help me in this as i am facing the same issue from last two weeks.
Are you only able to get a card if you're in the UK?
I don't understand why I'm being charged for using my card.
How do I delete my account? I am dissatisfied with the service.
Why have you declined my card payment?
My money transfer has not yet occurred
Looks like my card payment was cancelled.
I don't have any idea what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have double-checked over all of my recipient names and they are correct.
How do I add my new card to the app?
I normally have no issues making transfers, so why am I suddenly being told it is not possible?
Help!  My wallet was stolen and someone is taking money out.  I need this money!  What can I do?
What's going on with my card? I've tried multiple times and it never goes through.
Where can I locate my PIN at?
I would like to exchange currencies on the app. How do I do this?
I saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was completed on my account; however, I did not complete it.
Where do I order a disposable virtual card?
Will I be charged for topping up?
Can I change my PIN online?
My cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
I am seeing in the app, some cash witdhrawals that I did not authorize.
I need assistance with understanding which fiat currencies that you support.
Is there a way to make my money usable in another country?
How long does the cash withdrawal take to pend?
Hi, i don't know what's going on i've just paid for my top up twice by accident can you help me get a refund please.
I was overcharged at an ATM while on vacation. I needed cash so I had to use it, but your charges are outregous and I wish I would have known beforehand.
I am wanting to refill my card, is there a charge?
is there a way to change name?
I am just waiting on the completion of the transaction.
why does it take so long to verify my id
Card payment declined?
I'm getting concerned here.  I sent a friend some money and she isn't seeing it.  What's going on?
Why has my withdrawal not posted?
I found a direct debit I would like to dispute
Will it be possible to change from USD to GBP with this App?
I would like a  physical card sent to me.
What steps do I need to take to change my card PIN?
How can I get my Google pay top up to work?
I accidentally blocked my PIN. How do I reset it?
Is my account accessible even though my verification of my identity has not passed yet?
What do you think of the exchange rate?
My transfer to beneficiary didn't go through
My last name has changed and I need to update my account details.
The app says I made a cash withdrawal even though I didn't.
Why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by the ATM?
Hello, I tried to take some cash out of the ATM but I looked at my statement and it still shows that it's pending. Is the machine broken? Will I receive my money back or will I be charged for this?
How can I verify my identity?
My card hasn't arrived yet. What do I do?
There's a payment in my history I don't recognize
Can you tell me why my transfer declined?
Today I noticed a charge for an ATM withdrawal on my account. Can you please fix this? It's supposed to be no charge.
Is it possible to hold money in different currencies?
Do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
I think I want AUD and not GBP, can you help?
I like Mastercard better.
I want to reverse a transaction I did this morning
I'm not sure how disposable virtual cards work. Please help.
Will there be any extra fees if I exchange currencies?
Is it possible to exchange currencies?
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card yet?
I don't know what pending transaction means.
My card doesn't seem to work anymore
I completed a payment with my card a while ago. It's still showing up as pending. What time frame does this normally take? It doesn't appear to have worked.
How come my top-up didn't go through instantly, like it usually does?
Do the disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
I'm looking for the cash deposit top up option but can't find it. Can you help me?
Can I set up an automatic top-up for travel.
How long is the wait for a US transfer?
I took out cash abroad and the exchange rate isn't correct.
I am waiting on the refund
how do I get top up to work for my card
Will I be charged any fee for receiving money?
Can I use google pay for topping -up
Which merchants accept my card?
Are you able to guide me to my card's location?
How many transactions can I do with one disposable card?
Is it acceptable to use my card anywhere?
What countries are you available in?
I withdrew  money from the ATM and was overcharged.  It said nothing about an extra fee.
I cannot verify my identity
Last Saturday, I made a payment and the exchange rate was wrong.  I was charged too much.
Why don't I have my transfer?
I am not able to do contactless.
Is there a list of ATMs that take this card?
I requested money from the ATM and it didn't give me as much as I requested.
I was charged twice for a few things this week when I only bought one. What do I do?
I was checking the app for my account and I noticed there is an authorized charge on it.  I haven't used my card today, so I know I didn't do it.  I would like the transaction reversed and the money replaced.
Do you limit my top-offs?
Cancel a transaction
Is my card broken? I can't get cash out of the ATM
How long will it take for the transfer to reach my account?
I was charged a fee for withdrawing cash.
I bought this item and was charged the wrong amount can I get a refund?
There was an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawal!
Please let me know what currency I can use to top up my account?
Is the cash withdrawal going to show?
My card payment still pending
What are the charges for US cards with top up.
how old do i need to be to get an account for myself
The cash withdrawal I took seems to be off. The exchange rate is wrong.
got married and need to change name
What is the strange cash withdrawal on my statement?
Do you have a top-up limit?
Verifying the top-up seems like a hassle.
Any charges applicable for new card?
How is the exchange rate doing?
Why do you need so much information to verify my identity?
how come when i got cash the exchange rate was different than it should be
I have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
I have never been charged a card payment fee before. Why did this change?
Are there any fees for adding money with an international card?
I stupidly initiated a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It can't be paid from that account, but it really needs to get paid on time. Am I able to move the payment to the right account?
Tell me what ATMs use this card.
Tell me what I should do after my card expires.
I tried to withdraw cash, but got declined!
Weird charges are appearing in my debit account.
I requested a refund from a merchant days ago but I do not see it in my account.
Can you explain the virtual cards limit?
I was unable to transfer money from my account.
How can I find a way to transfer money without it being rejected?
Hi, Yesterdays i was unable to do online shopping as it was getting declined. Today I am facing the same issue. Please help me in this respect.
Why is my beneficiary being denies?
Someone has copied my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help now.
I have a transfer that is still pending.
Will there be any fees for top ups?
How quickly can you get me my card?
What countries do you do business in?
I would prefer a visa card
Hello, I noticed there is a payment from my card to a business that I am not familiar with. I definitely did not make this payment.
Does my top up and apple pay work together?
How do I change my last name?
Why is my transfer not working? I tried multiple times to transfer money, and all that happens is an error message pops up.
I sent a transfer and it has been pending for awhile. How long will it stay pending?
I've been waiting since Friday, where is my money?
I forgot the passcode on my app.
My daughter needs an acount.
Is there a reason my top-up has been cancelled?
My card has been stolen. I reported it with the police, but I need to report it with you as well.
Can a credit card be used to transfer money?
Why does my identity need verification?
Why is there a fee associated with card use?
I'd like to cancel a transfer
Why isn't my transfer not going through? I keep getting an error message.
My new card hasn't came in.
Can I dispute a debit payment that I am seeing that I didn't make from a couple of months ago?
Is USD free to top up with a US card?
How long does it take for my id to verify?
Hello, I have noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks atm machine.  I made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine, a fee was assessed to my withdrawal.  Are these types of transactions free of charge?
Where did your guys exchange rates come from?
Where is the card PIN?
Is there an additional charge to exchange currencies?
I've been trying to transfer funds to top-up my card, but the transaction is not going through.  Is there something I'm doing wrong?
What do I need for the identity check?
What's the normal time frame for a transfer from a UK account? After just making a transfer it doesn't appear at all. I need to know if things went okay.
Whats the max I can top up
passcode retrieval
Could I open an account for children?
I'm cancelling this charge. I still have not received what I bought from these people a while ago.
What types of currencies do you accept?
Why can't I see a recent refund in my statement?
My new card is here, what's the process for activating it?
How do I get another card
Need a new card, mine is expiring.
I need a fast transfer from China?  How fast will it be?
My funds are not transferring to my bank. Why is this not working?
I have a pending cash withdrawal
I would like to reactivate a card and wondered if that could be done?
I'm attempting to top-up my account but it has been pending for an hour.
I desperately need to transfer something from China, Please give me the wait time.
I put in a payment a while ago and it has still not cleared and is showing up as "pending", how long does it take to clear?
I would like to get help from someone in your customer service department with assisting me with activating my card.
How do I make more than one disposable card in a day?
The cash deposit I made this morning has not been credited to my account
There is a strange card payment I don't recognise.
Why are you asking so many questions about who I am
I'm using the app and I noticed a payment that I didn't make.
I'd like to have extra cards. Will I have to pay for that?
Why did they charge me an extra $1?
Was there a number to track that I could get?
I draw out money from your ATM during holidays, and was charged insanely. I wouldn't have done it, if i had a little sense about the shocking charges.
I tried to get $100 but I just got $20
I made a payment that seems to be stuck. It's been a couple of days already. Can you tell me how long it will take?
What's the refund process?
Can I have a tangible form of my virtual card.
Why am I being charge a fee when using an ATM?
Is there a limit to how many transactions I can make on one disposable card?
I am not sure where my phone is.
Will my employer be able to pay me with this service
Can I go ahead and use my account even though my identify hasn't been verified yet?
I want to op up my account by using bank transfer. How do I go about it?
What currencies are accepted for adding money?
I want to cancel the transaction I made earlier
Seems like my card payment has been cancelled
My exchange rate is wrong when I get cash.
An ATM machine didn't return my card.
Is there a fee for currency exchange?
how much can i top up?
I was charged for the same thing twice
Do I have to manually top up once I'm too low?
Will there be a fee to receive a physical card?
Why did the ATM take my card and keep it?
I need to reset the passcode.
I know I have enough funds in my account but my card payment hasn't worked for some reason. What do I do?
What needs to be done to activate and use a card?
Does Google Pay offer a top up option?
I need to know where this charge is coming from?
Why do you have an identity check?
How do I add a new card?
I deposited a check but my balance is still the same.
How come my money hasn't shown up yet?
help me link my card
How will I know my pin number?
I made a payment but it's still pending
I was only given $20 after trying to withdraw $100
What would cause a transfer failure?
Is there a  way to  get around fees
I'm still waiting on a payment
I bought an item and the exchange rate was wrong.
Do I get  a mastercard and visa?
From what countries can I use this product?
What type of card can I get?
Do you charge anything for topping up?
If I want to top up, can I use Apple Pay?
I'm trying to transfer money into my account.
How come my refund hasn't appeared on my statement?
I tried pulling out money at the ATM and it gave me an incorrect amount back.
There is a payment that is not mine in the App.
Cash I didn't get shows in my app.
I found my old card. Can I link it back into the app?
Why won't you take my transfer, I keep getting an error message.
I was declined when I tried to take out cash!
How do I find the code needed in order to verify my top-up card?
Why haven't I received a refund yet?
My account was charged for a withdraw I tried to make that was decline.
I would like to know how my friend would be able to send me money
How do I cancel a transaction?
This company isn't good, I would like to delete my account.
I made a transfer and was charged extra. Why?
What are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
Is it free to exchange currency?
Why didn`t my topup go through?
The expiration date on my card is very soon, and I need to get a new one.  What are the price and delivery options for my replacement card?
I need your help in deleting my account.
I want to know why I have been unable to withdrawn funds.
Will be Apple Watch be able to let me top up?
new customer and filling gas today, it's not working, the thing shows pending half an hour!
Would I be able to use SWIFT transfers?
Do I have a card PIN?
There's a €1 fee on my statement, why?
Can i choose a specific delivery date?
Why won't my card accept any transactions?
does it cost to exchange currencies?
Is it possible to access my phone from the hotel/
How can I fix a problem where contactless isn't working?
Is it possible to go ahead and log in, although I have not been confirmed yet?
Is there any reason my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
what is the fee for a transfer into my account
Hi, My card is getting declined continuously when i am trying to top-up. Request you to look into this issue or tell me any other alternatives.
Is there any reason why my card didn't work when I tried to top up?
hey, I think someone stole my card numbers. There is a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me.. I really need that money back to pay my rent.
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.  I've never seen the name on the transaction before.
How are top-ups verified?
I forgot the code to access the app.
I did not get the right amount of cash from the ATM.
Why am I being charged to withdrawal money?
Why isn't my card working anymore?
I would like to delete my account now, please.
I used my card to top-up but the money is gone!
Tell me why my balance did not change when I tranferred cash.
If my phone is missing, can I block someone from using the app?
Why wouldn't the contactless payment work when I tried to pay at the bus today?
Can I use a different bank ATM than my own?
I accidentally made a payment to a wrong account. What should I do?
Are there restrictions for my disposable card since it does not seem to be working?
Can I use my account now, even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
What is the source of my funds.
How much do I have to pay if I want to transfer money?
How can I top up with Apple Pay?
I deposited cash into my account and I'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
How do I get my refund back?
Are your cards supported in the EU?
How can I view the source of my available funds?
Is there a fee for making a payment? If so, let me know why.
Is there an automatic top up feature?
how long does it take for a transfer to arrive
HELP! I tried to get cash and it gave me some, but not the right amount!
How much does it cost to get a new card?  Mine is almost expired.  How fast does it come?
Please tell my why I was charged a fee for using my card?
Recipient has not received the money
Are both Visa and Mastercard offered?
How will I get my card?
My card is not working.
Is there something wrong with my card payment? It's been pending a really, really long time.
Can I receive a new card while I am in China?
There has been a payment  in the App that has not be done by me.
My card was not accepted in a shop
Why hasn't my payment gone through yet?
how many uses are the disposable cards good for?
My top up was reverted. Can you help?
How long is the wait for my card?
How much will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency
Is it possible to get a refund?
Why was there an additional fee on the payment I just made? I don't usually have additional fees applied to my payments.
My card must have used my card as there are some transactions that I haven't done myself..
I bought something online a week ago and i never got it in the mail.Can I just get my money back now I don't want to keep waiting on something that isn't going to show up.
I don't think my card payment exchange rate is correct.
How many times can I enter a wrong PIN before it is blocked?
Are the funds I requested from a merchant a few days ago in my account? I do not see them.
My money transfer hasn't appeared yet.
I need my card activated.
On my last trip, I received the incorrect exchange rate.
Why didn't my transfer go through?
I want to top up by card, what do you support?
Will any ATM's decline my card?
Why do some of my payments have fees?  I don't understand.
Why is there an extra 1 pound charge on my card?
Why was I charged a fee to transfer money?
areas card is accpeted
what countries can i use my card in
There is a direct debit payment on my account that I didn't authorize.
How can I move money from an account at another bank to this one?
Can someone assist me with updating my account details with changing my last name?
Freeze my account it's been hacked.
Can you tell me what is wrong ? I top-up with you all the time but this time it just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
What are the steps I should take to recover my swallowed card?
Where are you getting your exchange rates from?
My money I had was gone and I could not get gas!
What is the number of days I have to wait for my Europe transfer?
What will I need to configure if my salary is in GBP?
I need a card, but I'm in the US at the moment.
Am I able to get a refund for something I bought?
The app failed to verify my id.
I sent money to a person and they haven't received the payment yet.
Why would a transfer fail?
What are the maximum amount you can do for auto top-up?
I received duplicate charges.
I want to do a bank transfer to this bank, from an account at another bank.
My credit card transaction was declined for a loan payment.  Can you tell me why?
How can I fix this? The ATM gave me more cash than I'd asked for.
What is the status of my top up?
Can I change my pin at ATMs?  If so, what ones?
Why do I have to verify my identity?
the transfer to an account wasn't allowed is there any other way for me to do it
I need to do a card activation.
A transfer to my account was denied.
Do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
Can anyone help me, I lost my wallet and they've started withdrawing from my account.
I think someone may be using my card.
Why is there a pending time on my transfer?
Help! My card isn't working at the ATM and I know I used the right PIN. Trying to get my money.
My transfer failed when I tried.
Can you help me sign up for a virtual card?
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal does not show up properly?
How do I turn on my new card?
Can you tell me what I need to do for the identity check process?
Can you please explain to me why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement?
Where do I go to fill out the identity form?
My card is not working at stores.
If I lost my phone, what steps do I need to take to stop someone from using my account?
What's the deal? Money has just disappeared out of my account. I thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to working.
I sent some money and the receiver can't access it.
can i use my app to get a virtual card
What should I do if someone else used my card?
Are cards issued to people living in the US?
Did I not get my refund? I don't see it.
How to receive the actual card
I am tired of getting charged fees, and I have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
I don't have the device I used to log onto the platform so I can't access it.
Why hasn't my refund appeared on my statement?
Mastercard is my preferred company.
I have a service fee that I've never seen before. It showed up after I bought something from an international seller online.
Show me where I can see the PIN?
Can I open an account for my offspring?
Please delete my account.
How do I top up by cheque?
I accidentally made a transaction to the wrong account.
To deliver to the US, how long will it take?
I asked for 100 but only got 20.
Why was my top-up declined?
What happens if I use my account and my identity verification hasn't finished?
I prefer mastercard.
I need to know which fiat currencies I can use with you.
I asked for a certain amount of money from the ATM, but it gave me a different amount. Less than what I asked for.
How do I stop fraud to my card?
Do I have to go somewhere to activate my card?
Please help me.  My disposable virtual card won't work right.
This disposable virtual card is not working.
How do I unblock my PIN?
Please check payments on my card. There is a duplicate and I only bought it once.
I checked the exchange rate when I withdrew cash. But the actual rate that you applied was different.
A refund is taking too long.
Why did a transfer get declined?
I was supposed to get a refund but it is not showing up on my card
Do I have to pay any fees in order to receive money?
How quickly can I transfer something to China?
How are exchange rates calculated?
So I just put my top-up into the card and it hasn't changed.
I've got a problem - I purchased an item maybe a week or two ago, but to the payment came back to my account! I've already got what I ordered, so why are the payment funds showing up in my account?
The hotel called and said I left my phone in the room.
Is there an amount limit to my top-up?
Which foreign currencies can I get transferred into my account?
Can you lookup my password?
How do I link to my credit card with you?
For some reason, the money I added was returned.
My card has not come in the mail yet.
Please cancel the latest ATM charge on my card as my card was declined earlier today and I did not receive that cash.
How many disposable cards per person?
Can I have money transferred into my account at different intervals along my trip?
I would like to use this cheque to top up.  Can you tell me how to do that?
can i order cards on the app
Can I also transfer with SWIFT?
Where can I locate my card PIN?
I was wrongfully charged one pound.
Why didn't I receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I purchased?
What do I need for the identity verification?
What happens if the ATM gives me the wrong amount of money?
Please help!  There was an extra fee when I got cash.
I checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller I didn't approve of. Can you help me understand?
Where is my card PIN?
Where can I go to modify my detail?
We want to start a college fund for my daughter.
Where did my extra fee for the transfer come from?
I would like to order a virtual card, where can I get one?
I used my card to top up, but the money is not there!
When I tried to transfer funds to my friend today I was unable to do so, why?
The machine didn't work earlier when I went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress.Why?
Are SWIFT Transfers available at this bank?
There's a debit on my account that I didn't do.
I want to transfer money from another account into this one.
do i need to wait for my card before i get pin
How do I find my PIN?
Is there a cost to receive money?
How long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long! Can you fix this to go through?
Why did I get declined when trying to get cash?
I need help to resolve mix up on my card payment. My account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account. Then I received a message from the seller, It said that they did not get my payment.
let me know how many disposable cards I can have?
I have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it. How do I stop the transfer?
what do I need to do if the ATM kept my card?
Are there any ATM machines near me?
Next month my card will expire, do I need to order a new one?
why do i need to verify the top up?
What is the $1 transaction on my account?
Why is my payment declined? It looked like everything worked ok and my account was fine.
I got some cash at an ATM earlier, but now app is showing that I withdrew more than I did.  Help!
I want to get an item refunded
Can you please sort out your top up? I need this to go through asap because I really need the money. It's already been pending for an hour.
I requested a refund but can't see it.
How can I top up with Google Pay?
Is the card welcomed by everybody?
When I went to get cash, it was declined!
I tried to transfer money but it didn't go through
Why was my card payment cancelled?
Is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
Explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
Where do you get those exchange rates?
Why can I not take out cash?
Can my PIN changed remotely without visiting a bank?
I did a transfer but its still pending
What's the amount that I can top-up?
Is there a reason that the ATM declined my transaction?
I'd like more information about choosing a Visa or Mastercard.
Where is the top-up verification code located?
Why did the funds for one of my purchase come back to my account?
I was unable to make a transfer to another account.
Why have I been charged a fee for transferring money?
How do I report my card as lost or stolen?
the balance has not changed, but I have deposited some money
Someone might have had access to my card.
Why was I charged a fee when I paid with card?
Someone else charged my card!
How long should it take for a transfer to go through? I have been waiting a while.
I have young kids. Can they use this service?
What are the restrictions on auto top-up?
I believe my top up was reverted.
i put in money for vacation and its not showing. i need that money today, how long will it take
What currency is supported for exchanges and holding?
What did you do with my money??? I just topped up, I saw the money was there, but now it's gone!! What did you do with it?
How do I modify my details?
How much does it cost to top up by transfer?
I am not comfortable verifying my indentity.
Please provide me a list of ATMs that accept my card.
I cannot get to my app, what should I do?
Someone stole my phone, what is my next step?
I want to top up by using a credit card, which ones do you support?
What do I do if my payment was reverted?
My top up was denied
Can I use a cheque to top up my account
My PIN is not working and I need assistance.
I'd like to know why my top-up was canceled please.
Hello, there seems to be a billing mistake associated with my account.  My app was charged $1 more than it should have.  Could you please explain why this may have happened?
Can I exchange to EUR?
How long does a transfer take to be confirmed?
I requested a refund, and never received it. What can I do?
I got a declining message during a transfer? please tell me why
Can the card be mailed to Europe?
what steps do i do to get a real card
Why is my top up not completing?
Can you please explain how bank transfers work?
Help me delete my account.  I am not satisfied with the service.
What retailers accept my card?
Is there a fee when I get cash from an ATM? Is there a limit I can take out? If there is a fee, what is it?
I think someone saw my PIN and I am on vacation in Spain, can I change it locally at an ATM?
How long will it take for my transaction to be completed?
What currencies do you offer?
I couldn't get the money I needed.
How do I top up my account using transfer?
I am waiting for a payment to be processed
I tried to get cash at some ATM in the city centre earlier but the machine declined my card. I've seen it still shows up as pending in my account. Please cancel it immediately as I definitely have not received that money!
There is a fee on my account. Why?
what is required documents for new card process ?
Who can top up my accounts?
can you assist me in activating my card?
I'm not verifying my identity.
Why would my transfer result in a decline message?
Can you tell me what countries you operate in?
How can my friend send money to me?
Change my pin?
What will happen if I want to add money using an international card? Will I run into any fees?
I got a €1 extra fee in my statement
How long does it take for an international transfer into my account?
I want to reset my passcode, how can I do that?
I see a charge for a direct debit that was not me.
I need to cancel a purchase that I made the other day.
why wouldn't you support american express? its a card i like and use often and i don't want to get a different one
Is there a fee for sending additional cards?
What do I do if I have forgotten my passcode?
Can I use this app to change dollars into euros?
i bought the wrong size and would like a refund
A WD was just made on my account, but it was not me and I still have my card.  What to do?
Why was my new card declined?
I want to create a new pin.
How do I use contactless payments?
I had to pay a fee when buying items with my card.
Reasons for top up cancellation.
How do I get this damn virtual card to work?
Are cheques accepted for a top up?
Why hasn't my transaction completed?
I tried topping up for the first time today since I am a new customer. It doesn't appear that it's working. It has been pending for at least half an hour. Please take care of this.
There's a payment that isn't mine on my app
Will this card work at any ATM?
There is more than one charge on my account for a transaction.
Unsure how to provide my identity.
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.
I just went through a old statement and noticed that a very large payment went through and i did not make it. It was from a few months ago, can I still dispute the payment?
Could I raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? I am aware its delayed now. Please help me out.
My PIN is not working, can you help?
I sent a transfer to a friend that needs it urgently. It has already been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to her. How long does it normally take?
What do I do if I do not recognise a cash withdrawal?
Please help me as i am continuously facing the issue in transferring money to my friends, as all my transactions are getting failed.
Can you let me know if Visa is among the card scheme assignments?
My transfer didn't work how come?
Why didn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
I want to auto top-up.
Can you help me track my card?
Why did the funds not transfer to another recipient?
Why wasn't my payment to beneficiary X approved?
Help!  In the app there is a direct debit that I don't remember.
I was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
If I receive foreign currencies, am I able to exchange them on the app?
Please help!  I was mugged and everything stolen.  What do I do to stop them from accessing my account?
Are there charges for topping up US cards?
Can I use a different currency with my salary?
What's up with the extra fee I got?
How do I get rid of my account ASAP?
How to activate Google Pay for top up?
Is there a local ATM that will provide British pounds, I have no money for my homeward journey and do not feel comfortable waiting until  I arrive in Britain. Will a withdrawal involve extra charges?
If I top up using a European card is there a charge?
How come my card doesn't work anymore?
How do I receive a disposable virtual card?
Send me a physical card
What is the minimum age required to open an account with your service?
I did a bank transfer to top up, but the money is not available.
I can't get the card itself to work.
Why do I have a charge for an ATM withdrawal? I thought these were free?
Can I only top-up digitally? Or could I use cash?
I have been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app won't work could you please help me?
When I add money to my international card do you charge a fee to do so?
It looks like someone besides me ordered something with my card, what should I do?
I moved and need to change my address.
I'm trying to verify my top-up card, but I can't find the code...?
I tried to make a transfer and it didn't work.
I know I didn't make this payment showing up on my card, I don't remember this person at all.
I would like to get a Visa card
The store card reader would not accept my card.
I have to make several disposable cards per day.
If I exchange currency frequently, can I get a discounted rate?
What foreign exchange rate will I get on weekdays and on the weekends?
Are there any top-up limits involved?
I got less cash than what I specified for through the ATM.
How do I get to the virtual cards?
Do I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
What other credit cards can I use?
How much longer is it going to take to get my new card?
I need to terminate my account.
Is it possible for friends to top up my account?
for some reason I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
Why is my transfer stuck on pending?
What's the deal with no cryptocurrency on your app?
i didnt make these transactions, i think my card details might be stolen
Why did I only receive this much currency?
Can I use your app if I am from the EU?
I received less cash than the amount I specified in the ATM.
My payment has been declined several times.  Can you help me?
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already Would you please check if everything is okay with my account?
ATMs, which ones will accept this card?
I would like to change the the PIN on my card.
can I be charged for topping up by card
I can't verify my identity.
Why would a transfer to a beneficiary not go through?
Are there ways for other people to send me money?
I am not in the UK can i get a card?
My card has gone missing.
What number of times can I top-up?
What is the process to activate a card
Why is there a payment showing twice?
The expiration date on my card is coming up
how come i can't find anywhere to load using cash
My top-up for Google Pay isn't working
who do I talk to, to cancel a transfer?
How do I add money to my card?
I see my transfer was declined.
Is it possible to tell if my top up has reverted?
I made a transfer and am still waiting.
The transfer on my account is not showing up.
I just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago
Can I add money to top up my account via a bank transfer?
What is the reason my transfer was declined?
It appears my card expires next month, can I order a new one?
My bag was stolen from me yesterday, so I can't use any apps or anything. I need some help.
I tried to withdraw $100 but only got $20. What happened?
My statement has a dollar I have been charged showing up on it.
How long will my cash withdrawal take
I don't recognise a cash withdrawal
The card got declined twice when I tried to use it to buy something online yesterday.
Is there a fee to get an actual card?
Help me cancel a transaction.
What are my remedies if I think I was charged twice for the same expense?
I need to change my name since I got married
What's a pending transaction? My card was declined at an ATM, but my account says it's still pending. Can I cancel the payment?
I think I am having an issue with withdraws on my card. It was declined on the way to work this morning. This hasn't happened in the past.
I have a pending payment on my card.  Why?
It seems I've suddenly been charged for my recent ATM cash withdrawal. What's up with that? I though withdrawals are free, you never charged me so far!
Please help me!  A payment I made had an error on the account number and I can't cancel on my side.  Can you cancel it?
Is there a limit to top-up amounts?
I have a question about fee for cash withdraw.
Can I choose whether I receive a Visa or a Mastercard card?
Do I get a card to keep in my wallet?
what does pending mean?
I think my card payment was reverted
terminate my account please
What do I do to activate?
Are there fees for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Need help with my card. It's not working.
I got a message that I need to verify my identity; what do I do?
How long does it take transfers from Europe to complete?
What will I be charged for a physical card?
There are a few transaction that I don't recognize, I think someone managed to get my card details and use it.
What kind of foreign exchange rate will I get when I exchange my money?
I will need to exchange currencies frequently, will I be able to get a discount?
I am highly unsatisfied with this company and want to delete my account!
Why did my top-up fail?
I had a transfer blocked
Can I use google pay to top up?
Where can the cards be delivered?
What do I do if an ATM ate my card?
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined, I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
Why can't I make a transfer?
Why was my virtual card rejected?
I can't find my card! Can you help?
I topped-up my account, but I don't think it went through.
What ATMs can I use my card?
In what way can I use the disposable cards?
I think someone else is using my card.
Can I top up my card with other cards?
What if there is an error on the exchange rate?
I thought cash withdrawals were free? Why have I been charged a fee? Also, how much is this fee?
How can I get funds into my account from my American Express?
$1 charge in transaction.
My account shows that I made a cash withdrawal but I cannot remember doing so!
How do I dispute a direct debit that I didn't do?
How can I get paid in a different currency?
Is it possible to exchange USD and GBP on the app?
Where is the cash from my cheque I recently deposited?
I didn't get a PIN yet. What gives?
Why was a transfer to an account not allowed?
I have a direct debit I didn't set up
If I get a transfer from Europe, how long until it is in my account?
Can you tell me why my pop-up is still pending?
I tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
Hi, I am currently in the process of buying a flat and I am waiting for the mortgage to go through but it keeps showing up as an error.  Do you know what could be causing this and can you help me get the money over.
Why did I get charged more for using my card?
i cant seem to activate card
Why isn't my Google Pay top up working for me? Did I do something wrong?
What do I need to do to verify my identity?
Please help me regarding a direct debit in the app that I don't recognize.
I tried to pay through my account but the payment is not going through. What's going on?
When will my top up process?
How many disposable cards per day am I allowed to have?
Seems like my top-up has been cancelled
I want to top up my account. What payment methods are supported?
I am missing a refund amount on my account.
Payment did not process
How do I terminate my account.
What are age requirements for opening an account?
I would like to apply for a visa card.
Why does top-up need to be verified?
Do yo charge a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
I tried to top-up but it got denied.
What does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
Who accepts my card?
Can you explain your exchange rate policy? I don't think I received the correct amount of cash in my ATM transaction.
What do you base your exchange rates on?
Is it possible to get a second card for my daughter?
I need to exchange my GBP to AUD, how would I do this?
Do I have to pick a creditcard brand?
If you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
What is the youngest someone can be to open an account?
There is a withdrawal that isn't mind in the app.
What currencies do you do exchanges for?
Hi, I tried to top up my card today and it did not work. I have tried it in the past and it worked just fine but it won't do it anymore. Can you help me out?
how do i get into my account and edit my details
How long will my payment be pending?
If my identy verifacation hasn't gone through can I use my account?
How can I fix my contactless?
Is it possible to have an item refunded?
I didn't get all the cash I requested for at the ATM
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. SEPA transfers typically take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
How do I make my PIN work again?
This transaction needs both a Visa and a Mastercard.
What number of transactions can i do with one disposable card?
Help!  The atm won't give me my card back.
HI,Accordingly you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be working? Money just disappeared from my account.What should be done now?
There is a cash withdrawal from an ATM listed but I don't remember making this withdrawal.
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer immediately. I cannot do anything from the app.
I was charged for using my card?
Why hasn't my cheque processed?
I need to add my new address now that I've moved.
My top up was rejected. Why?
Too many times I entered the incorrect PIN.  How can I get my account unblocked?
Will I be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
can the delivery be specific to my needs?
There's a direct debit on my account that I didn't authorize
Is there a way to link cards if I have one of yours?
What is the extra €1 on my statement for?
The see the rate applied to my transaction was wrong at the atm.
I can't seem to get my virtual card to work.
How high is the exchange fee?
where can I find the auto-top up option?
Besides USD what other currencies can I have?
I was charged a fee after using my card and I shouldn't have been.
I need to know what is going on. I'm attempting to purchase a flat and need the money to pay on my initial mortgage payment. I'm only getting an error. Can you find out what's going on and help in making the transfer?
I can't use top up on Google Pay.
What forms of ID do you need for identity verification?
How do I go about getting a refund?
How long will it take for my payment to go through?
I would like to change my address.
Do i have to top-up with my credit card before I can transfer?
I am having problems with my contactless.
Please help me with the amount that i have withdrawn from the ATM today, the ATM has given me wrong sum of amount, and i could see that the app is displaying the greater amount than taken out.
I can't find my phone.
what is going on with my cash withdrawal? the exchange rate is wrong
I am still waiting for a transfer I did
Why is my top-up pending?
Someone took my card without my permission.
Is my credit card supported for top-ups?
Why did I only get $20 now the full amount I wanted?
I am still waiting for a money transfer to appear.
Someone transferred money to me and it doesn't show
Hello, there was an error while attempting top-up with my card this morning. I was able to use the card two days ago with no issues. Could you please assist?
I'd like to use my American Express to place money into my account.
What is the minimum age to open an account?
Do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
Can I transfer my paycheck to the account?
How do I get a card in the EU?
what are exchange rates
I tried to top up, but the funds show up as pending. I thought it was instant?
I bought something and now I want a refund.
What does it mean when a payment is pending?
My balance doesn't show my deposit.
Is it possible to order a card?
I got billed an extra pound!
On my transfer there was a "decline" message
I need to activate my card.
How will I know where my funds are coming from?
How is top-up verified?
I was at the store earlier and my virtual card didn't work. What's the solution for this problem?
The app is having trouble verifying my identity.
How do I see my source of funds?
I made a deposit a couple of days back it's, as of yet, not gone in! It would be ideal if you assist me with this
My source of funds need verification.
I'm supposed to be getting a refund but it hasn't shown up, now what?
Do you accept US credit cards?
What do I need to do to link my new card for my account?
How do I see my updated balance after I make a cheque or cash deposit?
Is top-up possible with Apple Pay?
I am interested in changing my personal details.
What is the top up code for?
Explain how to verify my identity?
What do I do about my expired card?
I can't get my card out of the ATM
How much longer until I get my new card?
How can I find the nearest ATM?
Can I get money out of any machine?
What are the places that you deliver cards to?
I need to order a new card as my other one was stolen.
i'm not satisfied with the services and no longer want to be a customer
I tried to buy something and it was declined and my transfers keep getting declined, Why?
The fee charged when I changed rubles into British pounds was too much.
The app won't let me top up my account
How long to UK transfers usually take? I made a transfer but it didn't pop up in my history yet. I just want to make sure it went through.
Can I top-up by cheque?
How many cards can I have for one account?
What do you charge for top ups?
Why did I get a fee?
Physical cards are what I need more of
I've been charged more than once for the same transaction
My top-up didn't go through
Why is my card not working anymore?
My PIN has been blocked, what should I do?
I made a transaction this morning and would like to revert it.
I want to revert this mornings transaction.
Has my top-up been cancelled?
I topped up by card a while ago and it's still pending, surely it should be done by now?
Please give me both Visa and MasterCard, is it possible?
Whats the process of tranfering money into an account?
There is a cash withdrawal transaction that I am unsure of.
My phone was stolen
I got less money than I asked for.
I just got an error message saying my transfer is not possible? Why is that? I've transferred money before and it worked without problem
Balance is not up to date.
How do I top up using my Apple Watch?
I did a money transaction and dont have a receipt
What cards and currencies will suffice?
what is the status of my refund
Will you guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
How long until my transfer goes through?
How old do my kids need to be to use your service?
I bought something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
Use credit card to transfer money
I made a cash deposit to my account but it is not there
I need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
I'm on vacation in Europe but I desperately need to change my PIN. Can I do this from abroad?
When I look at my statement there is an extra fee, that is for what?
Cancelling a transaction
I need to modify my details.
Are their certain cash machines where I can change my pin?
How do I link my replacement card?
Why are my transfers getting declined?
Is my pending cash withdrawal processed?
I need a new card.
I am seeing and extra 1$ charged to my account and wanted to know about it.
I received the wrong amount of cash.
Can I have more than one card?
Could you tell me why my cash withdrawal was declined?
How do I select a Mastercard instead of a Visa?
Why on earth do you need so much personal id info from me?
Why can't I see my top up?
Would I be able to get an account for my child?
Isn't my top-up supposed to mean its complete?
which identity details are required
Why has my beneficiary been denied?
Why was I charged a higher exchange rate when I bought something abroad?
I am still waiting for a money transfer to show
Why didn't the money I transferred into my account get added to my balance?
What is the reason for the fee charge on my transfer?
I have duplicated transactions on my statement
What should I do?  My card has been stolen!
Show me how can my friends top up my account.
can I transfer my salary if it's in a different currency?
I requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when I check my statements it doesn't show up. Can you help me get my refund.
What steps do I take to unblock my PIN?
Why is there a €1 charge on my statement?
What should I do if my card is stolen?
What do I do if there is a direct debit on my account that shouldn't be there?
A friend was telling me about her disposable cards. What would I have to do to be able to get that feature?
It seems my top up is reverted?
When will my funds transfer?
Am I able to order a disposable virtual card?
I lost my phone!
I want to talk about an order that I placed a long time ago and have yet to receive. I demand a refund due to lack of delivery of the product!  I refuse to pay for something I never got.
Why isn't my card working? I was pumped to use my new card but it keeps getting declined. Help please.
Do I need to verify the top-up?
I don't know my PIN, how can I find that out?
How do I perform identity checks?
Can I verify the source of my funds?
I haven't received my virtual card yet!!
I have transactions that I don't recognize - I think someone is using my card.
Do you work with all fiat currencies?
I attempted to complete a topup, and I thought all was well, but now the money is gone again. Has there been a glitch?
Why hasn't the transfer shown up in my account yet?
There are charges on my card that I haven't purchased.
I just got my new card.  How can I activate it?
In what increments can I top-up my card?
My virtual car is not working.
Can I request a refund
What do I do to close my account?
On my app I can see that a direct debit payment that I didn't do, appears.
How can I activate my card>
Why was my transaction charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
I deposited cash into my account, why do I not see it?
I deposited a cheque but I don't see the funds in my account.
There is a debit transaction on my statement that I did not make
Is it possible to make several disposable cards in a day?
Why was my transfer stopped ?
My contactless is not working
I was expecting my new card and am wondering why I haven't received it yet?
Is there a reason my top up hasn't gone through
Why would I need a disposable card?
What are your international exchange rates?
Hi, In morning, i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but it got declined. So far it was working fine. Could you please check my card.
I would like to know why my purchases from this morning are still pending.
What currency can I use to add money?
Where did this extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
Can I use this app for any currency?
Where did the money transfer go?
Last week I put a cash deposit into my account and it is still isn't there.
Can you help me reset my passcode? I forgot it.
It is urgency. Please freeze my card now. As someone in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money by using my card. As i did not withdraw any money.
How do I replace a stolen card?
Can I have a second card issued to another family member?
I see a direct debit transaction in the app that is not mine
How do I unblock my PIN?
I see a $1 charge in a transaction.
Is it possible to top up with cash? If so how do I do it?
Will you be able to send the new card to China?
Please give me both a visa and a mastercard.
My money transfer has not arrived.
What was the extra charge for using my card?
What would II do if I wanted to activate my new card
Give me back my money, I'm not paying the sellers. It has been a long time ago that I made an order and it just isn't coming.
What is the current exchange rate?
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
When I withdrew money from my account the other day, I noticed that there was a fee.  I didn't think that there were any fees for withdrawals...?  How much will I be charged?
Is a bank transfer acceptable for topping up my account?
How do I add a card on to the app?
Is there a reason I was charged a fee to transfer?
What is the cost for an exchange fee?
Do you know where my card will be accepted?
I entered a typo when I was transferring money and now I've sent it to an incorrect account.  This is so bad!  I need it cancelled now.
How fast can you deliver?
Can I see where my money is being transferred from?
How can I prove I am me?
Are there any top-up limits?
How do I go forth on transferring a sum of money from one account to another?
Why did my payment get declined?
How come my disposable virtual card used to pay for a gym subscription got rejected?
Is there a way to use a cheque to top up my account?
Why was the exchange rate different when I withdrew my cash?
how much does a card cost and why do you charge me
My transfer into my account isn't showing up.
I have 1 other US card.  Can you take that?
My card's expiration is approaching, how do I replace it.
Someone might be using my card that is not me.
How long will this card payment stay pending?
I asked for a refund but its not here yet
What is the process of card activation?
Im trying to top up my card but it's still pending and it's been an hour. Is there any way to make it go through faster? Do I not have enough?
Would I need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
What reasons could cause my top up to be reverted
Transfer could not be completed due to being declined.
I've tried numerous times to submit a transfer of funds. Why isn't it going through?
There is a suspicious cash withdraw on the account.
How long will it take for my ID to verify?
How do I deactivate a stolen card?
My app says I made a withdrawal, but I didn't.
I cannot find my PIN.
How can I get cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been actually charged though...
I'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me. Help!
I am entering my passcode but getting an error.
This company is bad, delete my account now.
I just pulled money out of the ATM and was charged a fee, WHy?
i want to close an account but im not sure about setting up a new one in the future, what do you recommend
How much longer do I have to wait until my transaction is complete? I transferred money to another country many hours ago and the transaction is still pending.
Is currency exchange possible?
I see a direct debit payment on my statement that wasn't me
I don't remember my code to get into the app.
There is a payment showing that I know I didn't make. I didn't use my card that day and I'm sure of it. Can you please cancel that transaction and return my money? Thankyou
I am being charged the wrong amount on my card.
Why isn't my card working?
Give me a refund now!! I am still waiting.
How long can I expect a transfer to pend for?
I made a cash deposit to my account but i don't see it
It appears my top-ups have been canceled.
how do i find top up for cash deposit
So, I am a new customer and attempted to top up for the very first time today. It's already been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. I need to please get this fixed.
Do you charge for sending out more cards?
If I lost my phone at the hotel, can I still use the app?
I think a card payment I made was cancelled, can you check?
Can my card be used everywhere?
Where can I find your locations?
I think my card is broken
I'm still waiting for my card.
What do I need to do to activate my new card?
I paid with my card and ended up being charged a fee.
Tell me how to replace my expired card.
Why hasn't my in country transfer gone through yet? I confirmed the account info a couple days ago but the payment hasn't been posted yet.
I feel as though I have been over charged for the exchange rate on my payment on last Saturday.
How long will my top-up be pending?
Where can I exchange my money for EUR?
There was a fee charged when I paid with my card.
Can I have a duplicate second card?
I don't know what to do. Should I transfer funds. My account is out of money.
Do you take checks?
Will you help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
It won't let me prove my identity.
I was charged twice.
I think my card has been used by somebody else since I was never in the little town where some transactions on this bill have come from. Please stop this right away.
Can you tell me what this cash withdrawal is?
Will I be charged a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
how do i get a card if i am in the usa
Is there a charge or discount if I use a European bank in a top up?
Why was I charged more than I should have been?
How do I transfer money between two of my accounts?
How can I switch on my new card?
Explain the activation method for this card
Where is my virtual card?
How do I know what exchange rate I will get?
what currencies do you accept?
when will my transfer clear
Hi, I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can you cancel it as soon as possible?
If I need a PIN for my card, where is it located?
Why can't I get cash from the ATM?
I wasn't able to do a transfer to an account
Can you track my card for me?
How do I set-up my PIN for the new card?
Tell me about the limit for top ups.
My card payment didn't work, can you help?
Can you tell me the names of the fiat currencies that I can use at your institution?
Why was I charged twice for the same transaction?
Do you charge a fee for adding money in USD?
I know that I am able to make transfers for free.  That was something that I valued.  After I bought something online from abroad I noticed that I got charged a fee?  What is this and can it be removed?
how many transactions can i make with a disposable card
How come I did not get a virtual card yet?
Why is this beneficiary being rejected?
What caused my transfer to fail?
Today I used my card at a restaurant and it was declined. Why?
Can I directly deposit my salary to this account?
There is a charge on my card that I did not make
how do I ask for a physical card?
Am I charged a fee to transfer funds?
I have an unknown debit charge in my statement, why?
show me how to top up
Do you have a list of exchange rates?
Why is allowance not being given to my beneficiary?
I added funds to my account but the app didn't process it.
Can I get information on topping up?
I wrote a check to the account yesterday to add to my balance, but I don't see the amount of the check reflected anywhere.  Is it being held up for some reason?  I should have seen a new balance by now!
How old do we have to be?
Can anyone else top-up for me?
What do I do if my card is not working?
I'm getting an error when trying to make a payment. I want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through. Can you help me?
I don't understand why you want so much of my personal info.
What is my card's PIN?
looking back on my transactions from a couple of months ago I have noticed a charge that is fairly large that I'm certain was not completed by me. I know it has been a while but can I please dispute this charge?
My transfer hasn't gone through yet.
I'd rather not use my physical card, how can I get a virtual card?
Why isn't the transferred money there?
I was charged multiple times for one purchase
The withdrawal was declined I am unsure as to why this happened?
where can user find pin?
Where can I find instructions to change my PIN?
I attempted to top up my car today, it failed! I just got it a couple of days before and it worked then. What is going on with it?
How do I report my card lost or stolen?
It's been some time ago that I placed an order and it just isn't coming. At this point just give me back my money because I'm not paying them.
top up with credit card
It appears my transfer was declined.
I made a transfer and the person I transferred the money to didn't receive the right amount? Why did this happen and how do I get the rest of the money to them?
What do I do if the ATM took my card?
How can I look at where my available cash is coming from?
I need to verify the source of funds.
Why hasn't my transfer been made?
What is the source of your exchange rates?
Would I be charged for exchanging currencies?
The rate applied to my purchase in a foreign currency was wrong.
My top-up was reverted by the app.
I AM MISSING CASH FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT ACCORDING TO MY APP
What would the approximate delivery date be if I transferred something urgently to China?
Can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
I heard that you support more than one type of fiat currency, would you tell me which ones please?
I haven't gotten my new card.
Hi, during online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today as well. Please check the issue.
I entered a wrong PIN too many times. How can I fix this?
Please tell me about disposable cards.
Does it cost extra to exchange currencies?
Do you accept cash?
I've tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
How do I get refunded?
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
Is there a daily auto top-up limit?
How long does it take for me to get my pin
Will you accept my credit card?
ATM is broken. It did not give me the full amount (30 pounds.)  I'm standing here with only 10 pounds and it's telling me it gave me 30 pounds. I need assistance now!
I think that the card is stolen.  What are my next steps?
What can you tell me about the card PIN?
How can I find out the source of my available cash?
There is a debit paymet that I don't recognize.
Is it normal to get charged extra when i use my card?
Will it cost anything to top up a US card?
My money's disappeared from my account! I topped up the other day and it was there, but now it's not. Help?
What are the countries you support.
Where are you present globally?
I forgot what my pin number is and now am blocked can you help me get in?
What should I do when my card reaches its expiry date?
This place has been too much work so I'd just like to close out my account & be done.
How much more do I have to pay to exchange currencies?
I haven't used my card all day but there is a payment showing in the app. Please cancel it!
want to get a new card in china
I'd prefer a Mastercard.
Do I need to verify my identity to use my account?
How can I order my card?
Can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing in my balance?
How can I setup automatic top-up?
How can I get a second card for my daughter?
Why is there some cash that I did not deposit in my account?
I managed to drunken block my card :(( Help!
I contacted the seller for a direct refund last week but he still hasn't give me my money. What should I do?
One of my payments was doubled
Why was my card charged when topping off my balance but it's not showing up in my wallet balance?
I did a transfer earlier but see that it failed to go through.
What is the refund policy?
Since my pin is blocked, would you help me unblock it?
I withdrew cash and was charged
Hi! What documents can I use to verify my identity?
My statement shows a strange direct debit.
Can you help me figure out what's happening? I'm trying to transfer money to a friend but it keeps getting returned. I'm not sure what i'm doing wrong.
I live in the US and I would like to get a card. How do I go about getting one?
My card doesn't work.
why didnt my account allow a transfer
I'm interested in learning more about disposable virtual cards.
How long is delivery to the US?
At what places accept my card?
Why do I have a strange payment on my statement?
I've transferred money before without issue but now I am encountering an error stating that it isn't possible. Why is that?
Hello, I was just went through my recent transaction on my bank account and I just noticed that I was charged twice at a place that ate at this past week. Can I get that second transaction removed from my account?
I made a card payment but it didn't work. Why not?
I received $20 but I entered $100
My withdrawal is pending, why?
There was a strange transaction made on my account a couple weeks ago by a seller I don't recognize. May you please check on this transaction for me.
I used the ATM to get money out and did not realize I would be charged as much as I was or I would not have done that!
Google Pay won't let me top up.
Is there a way to order a virtual card on the website?
Can you explain why I was charged extra when I used the card?
I would like to cancel a payment. I purchased something several days ago and i still have not received it.
Why did my top up not work?
Money that I have transferred hasn't arrived yet
I need to transfer money into my account, how do I go about doing this?
I have duplicate charges for the same transaction
My top-up was rejected by an app.
Why is it showing that my account has been charged a dollar that is showing as pending?
I am trying to make a transfer and am unsuccessful, can you please tell me why?
How long does it take to show a deposit I made to my balance?
I saw there is a cash withdrawal from my account via the app which I did not complete.
If I want to topup by card, how do I do it?
I want a reason as to why my beneficiary is not allowed?
How do I activate my card that just arrived?
My statement does not reflect that a refund has been issued
I would like to exchange some currency.
How do I link my new card?
Could you help me reactivate my card? It was previously lost, but I found it this morning in my jacket.
I need to make several disposable cards per day.
Where do I go to unblock my PIN?
Why do you need to know so much about me for my account?
left my phone at hotel, cant use app
Please terminate my account.
My Bank is in Europe, how long will the transfer take?
I was declined when I tried to get cash.
What on earth is up with the exchange rate! This should have been a much higher amount of cash
Please explain how disposable virtual card work.
What's the top-up limit?
I made a payment that got charged twice instead of once.
Can you help me with proving my identity?
Can I use my Apple Watch to to top up?
Is there a way to see my money's source?
What are the top up fees for using an European bank card?
Can someone please tell me how much I can top-up?
Do you deliver the PIN separately?
A direct debit appears in the app but I didn't authorize it.
I feel like too much money was taken during my currency exchange.
What steps do I do to transfer money using my credit card?
Where is the nearest Mastercard ATM?
I attempted to get money in cash but it was refused!
Can I top up my balance with a cheque?
I want to deposit funds, what payments are accepted?
I think my card is being used by someone else to make purchases that I didn't authorize! I checked my account and see that there have been quite a few purchases over the last two days that I have no idea where they came from. We need to freeze my card now! And I need to find a way to get my money back.
A refund for a recent return has not arrived on my card.
The ATM didn't give me what I asked for but my balance says it did
I have an unauthorized transaction on my statement
I tried again to top up my card after doing it a couple days ago when it had worked. Now, it doesn't seem to be working. Can you tell me what the deal is here please?
I am having trouble activating my card.
Something is wrong with my top up and I can't see it. How do I find it?
I ordered a card and I still haven't received it. It's been two weeks. What can I do?
Why hasn't a transaction I did to my friend arrived yet?
I'd like to open an account for my children. How can I do that?
What should I do if I think that someone might be using me card?
Do you work in Greece?
Why am I being charged when I withdraw cash?
Can I get a full list of instructions for identity checks?
I got declined when attempting a transfer
I am getting continuous failure for all my transfers. I have cross checked each recipient detail again and again and everything is correct.
What's the procedure for canceling a purchase?
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal not working?
Why was the transfer declined?
I still haven't received my card after two weeks, is it lost?
Will you reinstate my PIN?
Is there a reason that my transfer failed?
I got a new address and need to change my old one.
I have a problem with a transfer. It didn't work. Can you tell me why?
I've been trying to make a transfer and it hasn't gone through. Now I am receiving an error message.  What is the problem?
What is the process for transferring money into my account?
Do you have to be in the UK to get a card?
My virtual card won't work.
Hi, Last week I have contacted the seller for a refund as directed by you, but i have not received the money yet. Please look into this issue with seller and help me in getting the refund.
Do I receive the physical card for free
I found my card that I thought I had lost, I need to reactive it, please help.
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's broken?
Why  am I being told this  transfer will not  go thru
Do international transfers take longer?? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago but it's still not there yet...
My card payment did not go through.
Is it a good time to exchange?
I want to stop my account
I need to verify my identity. How do I do that?
My cash in the ATM is still pending
I would love one of the virtual cards!
Hello, Please look into this matter urgently. As i have lost my wallet and i can see one withdrawal, now i do not want to loose more money.
How many days does a regular transaction take to complete?  I see a pending payment that hasn't changed in the last several days.
You advertise no fee when paying with a card then my statement shows a fee.
Which countries can I change my PIN in?
Can you activate my card pls
Will you send me a new card in China?
I have been trying to make a transfer and it won't go through. I have checked all the receipts and its all correct but still won't let me do it.
My transfer failed, why?
There is an extra $1 charge on my statement, why is that?
How would I go about getting a physical card to use in stores?
I want a card, but I'm not in the UK- can I get one still?
What is this fee showing up in my account for?
Am I going to be charged for receiving  money?
Where is the money that I asked for? I asked for more than I got!
what is this charge on my account
There is a direct debit charge on my account that I don't recognize.
What is this extra pound charge for?
Asked for $100 but only got $20. Why would this happen?
On my disposable card, is there a transaction limit?
I've completely forgot the code to get into the app.
Can I use a transfer to receive my transfer?
what is the age limit for opening a new account
Could you please activate my card
Who is giving me my money?
Can you tell me how long it would take, to make a transfer from France? I made one 2 days ago and its not there yet.
My top up keeps showing pending?  How long will things be like this?  Days, weeks, months?  I need the money quite urgently for an important coffee purchase, can you please let me know when top up will work?
Can other people top up my account?
How do I add my new card?
I think someone stole my card number and brought stuff in different places that I have never been to. I need to suspend any further purchase on my credit card.
Will I be charged an extra fee if I need to exchange currency?
Must I verify my identity?
I've been trying to make a transfer and it doesn't seem to be working. (5 times) What is wrong with your system?
I want to reactivate my card, I found it after thinking it was lost.
Do I need to set a limit on auto top-up?
If my top-up didn't transfer, what went wrong?
What is this charge on my account for a cash withdrawl?
I recently bought something in foreign currency and I am unsure of the exchange rate. Is this rate applied correctly?
What do I do if I find a debit charge that I know I didn't do in my billing statement?
Why do I get a fee every time I transfer?
Need a new passcode.
How can I start using my card?
Can you explain your exchange rate policy to me?
I am not happy with your service and request that my account be terminated!
virtual card won't work for me
Could you please recommend what I should do if my card keeps getting declined?  I planned to top-up today but I am unable to get it to work.  I need a fast solution to this problem.
Is there an exchange fee?
Where do you export the cards to?
I bought an item then noticed the exchange rate was wrong.
how secure is a disposable virtual card
I do not have the information to verify my identify.
What can I do if my passcode won't work?
i entered my pin in wrong and got it frozen. how many tries do i have
How do I transfer funds directly from my credit card?
A transfer has been made in my account that I need to cancel.  This was a mistake on my part and I hope we can get this resolved quickly.
Where's the money from my transfer from Europe?
Someone has my card number, freeze my account.
How can I tell what foreign exchange rate I will get?
How do I know where I can use my card?
Why did my credit card get declined for top up?
I tried to transfer money but it said it wasn't possible? I've done this before and it worked why isn't it working now?
Am I able to use Apple Pay?
I don't know where this transaction came from?
There was an extra fee when I was at the ATM.  Why?
I thought you guys offered free transfers. Why was I charged?
I don't recognize this payment on my app, I am sure I didn't spend any money there.
I found my card, can I add it to the app?
want a new card what are the fees
Can I top-up my google pay?
Is there a problem that makes my payments show pending?
I paid with my card so so why was I charged a transaction fee?
Why is the exchange rate so high? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
Why is my refund not showing up on the statement?
What is the minimum age?
There is no way for me to prove my identity.
I want to inactivate my account.
What's the exchange fee?
Is the system down? I've been trying to do a transfer and have failed?
Can you tell me where  can change my PIN?
I exchanged cash when traveling and the rate was incorrect.
My card was rejected at the store for some reason, can you look into this for me?
Do you charge a fee on currency exchange?
How can I check the source for my funds?
I have to transfer something to China as fast as I can. How long will it take to arrive in China?
Why was I unable to complete my transfer?
I have a payment which has not been approved.
I want to top-up using cash
What do I need to do for a refund?
The cheque I sent to you to have deposited a couple days ago has not cleared in my account yet. What is the issue?
Can I change my PIN at any cash machines?
What's the time frame normally for a UK account transfer? I just made one and it's not showing up anywhere. I want to be sure that everything is good.
I believe there is a mistake because a payment I didn't make shows in my app.
I have exceeded the number of times I can try my PIN
I think I forgot my passcode
What is the exchange fee that is charged?
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card?
My statement is showing an extra £1 charge and I am unsure why. Is there an explanation for this?
Hey, I need some help figuring out way my transfer is not complete yet. My Landlord hasn't got the money yet.She should have received it by now.
Why does my transfer keep generating an error message?
Help! Someone stole my card!
How long does it take to verify a person's identity?
i live in the US can i still get a card?
Why was there a fee for paying by card?
How can I check the source of funds?
What are these disposable virtual cards all about?
I would like to top up my account automatically. How do I do that?
My transfer didn't arrive to the recipient
I would like to receive and use the card in Europe, is that possible?
How do your exchange rates factor in?
Transactions on my card look really weird. I've been charged twice for a couple things this week! Please check this and return the double charged ones.
Can I get another card?
Card payment is still pending, why is that the case?
what are exchange rates based on
i made a payment with my card and was charged a fee, why would you do that
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that in reality I didn't make. Maybe someone has access to my card?Can you check whats the issue ?
Where can I find information about where my money came from?
Are my friends able to top up my account?
In my account I noticed my ATM withdrawal is still pending
It seems my card payment was completed twice. I paid at the store previously and the first one did not seem to go through. After a second attempt, it did go through. I now see within the app that I have been charged twice with one of them pending. Can you please remove the pending amount because it is clearly something that was declined?
I logged in wrong and am blocked, how do I log in?
I am awaiting my refund
Why does a payment show up twice?
Can you elaborate on why I have an extra charge just for transferring?
What are my options for topping up, automatic and/or manual?
Can I open an account for my children?
How to change the PIN on my card?
What options do I have when topping up a US card?
Is the bank the only place I can change my PIN>
I have a disposable card but it does not work?
My identity isn't being accepted, what should I do?
How much would an extra card cost?
Can I order a new card?  Mine is about to expire.
I think my pin has been compromised, what do I do?
How do you fix  my card payment?
While abroad, I got cash, and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
How old do my children need to be to open an account?
Why is my exchange rate wrong for an item I bought?
I was unaware of the additional charge that was added onto my previous payment. A notification of extra charges would be appreciated in the future.
There is a weird payment in my statement.
Why was there an extra charge when I transferred money?
I need to know where I can withdraw money.
How do I use the app to exchange currencies?
Do you have info about the card on delivery?
I happened to forget my password
I seem to be unable to make any transactions.
What are the restrictions on the virtual cards?
When I received my cash, the exchange rate was wrong.
Do you know why my card payment is declined?
I took out cash from the ATM, but something must have went wrong, My account shows the correct amount of cash I took out, but the ATM didn't give me that amount. How do I get my money back?
Verify top-up card help?
I have found my lost or stolen card, would I still have to activate the new card that was sent to me through the mail in order to access my account?
I was denied cash at an ATM
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. Why is it happened?
Why hasn't my account updated to reflect my current balance?
Why is there an extra dollar charged to my account?
There are automatic debits on my account that I did not make.
What types of cards and money do you accept?
Do you guys accept cash? Because i deposited some this morning and I can't see it in my account.
Why will my transfer not go through?!  Keep getting an error message.
Can you deliver the PIN separately?
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and am a bit worried because I don't have cash with me. Is it possible to withdraw here without any additional costs or fees?
Where do I change my PIN?
What is going on with it saying my card payment was declined?
How can I find out where the funds are flow?
I use my card internationally to manage payments and I just noticed that you are adding additional fees.  Why?  I am a good customer and this has me thinking about leaving.
How long does it take to authorise a payment?
What are the requirements to verify my identity?
Can you please tell me why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
Where can I withdraw money from?
Is the PIN delivered separately?
How long does a transfer from the United Kingdom take? I haven't seen it show up yet in my bank account and want to make sure I get the transfer.
Given a choice, I'd rather have Mastercard.
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been!
I am still awaiting the money I put into my account this morning.
Why isn't my refund showing up?
I am waiting for a payment to go through.
Do you have a list of the cards and currencies supported?
Why is the exchange rate different on my recent purchase?
What is the maximum times I can auto top-up?
WTF??? I tried to withdraw some money at a Metro bank on High St. Kensington and without any notice it disappeared in the machine. The bank was already closed so I couldn't do anything. How do I get it back?
Are there any extra hidden fees for exchanging currencies?
I have made a recent check and cash deposit that isn't reflected in my balance.
I forgot my code
How much am I charged to receive money?
My address has changed.
I'm checking my statements and I saw a purchase from a couple weeks ago that I don't recall at all. Not only that, but I don't even know the business that charged it. I'm not sure if I did it or not, but can we check it and see if we can trace it back to make certain?
What is the maximum transactions I can use on a disposable card?
What do I do to verify my source of funds?
There is an odd payment in my statement
I don't want to verify my identity
Hi, I just looked at my card transactions and saw that I've been charged twice for a restaurant I went to this week. Can you remove the double charge, please?
Do you offer multiple cards for the same account?
How do I find out how or where this transaction on my account came from?
The exchange rate you're using is terrible - this can't be the official interbank exchange rate, can it?
How can I lookup where funds came from?
The ATM will not let me get cash, WHY?
How do I take a block off my card?
Why is my beneficiary not working?
I cannot locate the verification code for my top-up card. Please help me.
When will it get delivered?
Tell me how to top up my account using bank transfer.
How long until my friend receives my transaction?
How long does it take to process cheque deposits?
What steps do I need to take to close my account?
I'm in China and need a new card. Please help.
Why am I unable to take money from my card but the statement says the transaction is still pending?
There is  an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did it charge me extra?
I believe my top up is still pending
Are both Visa and Mastercard accepted?
I noticed a charge for a transfer.  Why is this?  Is it because I did an international transfer?
I've made a horrible mistake!  I transferred money to the wrong account by accident!  I entered one of the digits wrong.  I need this cancelled immediately please.
After I deposited my cash, I still don't see it in my account.
I noticed an extra pound charge?
How can I solve my issue with holding multiple currencies?
I am waiting for a pending money transfer to process.
What is the most that I can top-up to a card?
What's the reason my new card hasn't come?
why wont my american express work to add money
If you are waiting for verification, it can take 10 minutes to 60 minutes to get results.You will hear from us once we have it.  Please make sure your images are clear and photos of documents are readable. you have to be at least 18 years old and live withing the Economic Area of Europe or in Switzerland in order to open an account.
I wasn't charged the correct exchange rate for an item I purchased.
My transfer to an account failed.
I thought transfers were free. Why was I charged to transfer?
Do you offer a discount for those who perform frequent currency exchanges?
While on vacation I used an ATM to get cash and was overcharged. These charges are ridiculous and had I known about them I would have never used it.
I need to know what flat currencies you support for holding and exchange.
Which countries does your service work in?
If my card is about to expire how long would it take to receive a new one and how much would that cost me?
Will I be charged for a cash withdrawal?
Do you hold money and if so, what currencies do you accept?
Where can I have a new bank card sent to China?
Is there a reason I was charged a fee for using my card as payment? I've never had an extra fee before.
with what can I verify my identity?
Is there a way for you to find out why my account was deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
Someone else used my card to withdraw cash from an ATM
Why was I charged an extra pound?
What is the extra fee that showed up on my card?
What should I do if I see an unauthorized withdrawal on my statement?
I think there has been a purchase made that wasn't by me.
How can i make my card active?
What is taking so long on my transfer from the US?
Is it possible to exchange currencies on the app?
I made a transfer recently but it has not changed on my dashboard.
Transfer has failed.
Why is a transaction still pending?
What identification is required to activate my card?
Can I get a new card in China?
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate when I got cash.
Why did my payment fail?
How do I get my card into the app?
I want to see what this fee is on my card payment.
My card couldn't pay in a shop.
I want to terminate my account
Why was I charged a fee for using my card
I topped up my card but the money disappeared.
Can I change from one currency to another?
Can i have the item refunded?
How long will it take to receive my money from my transfer transaction?
Why are fees charged on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
I deposited cash this morning, but it is not yet available.
When my card expires do you send a new card?
I have a cash withdrawal on my statement that I am unsure of.
I cannot seem to buy something online with my card? the payment comes back, what's going on?
What is the minimum age limit?
Why are my transfers and purchases keep getting declined?
I'm waiting for a transfer from the US, how much longer?
Can I receive my salary in a currency other than what it is deposited in?
There is a vendor name I don't recognize on a payment from my account. I don't think I made this payment.
Why didn't my balance change after I transferred some money?
My first choice would be Mastercard.
I should have a refund in my statement but I can't see it
How do I find out where my funds came from?
I tried using my card and it kept getting declined, Why?
Why is the exchange rate different from what I expected?
Why is a transfer I did recently still processing?
When will a transfer reach my account?
Why did you decline my transfer?
I've been waiting for a top up to come through for over an hour and I need the funds now.
Help me please!  My card was stolen!
Using international ATMs messes up the exchange rate.
Am I going to be charged for topping up by transfer?
I could not use my card in a store.
I tried to make a transfer and it was declined. Why?
What if I type in the wrong PIN too many times?
I was charged more than once in a single transaction
Why was I charged a fee? I thought shopping was free?
I requested a refund from a merchant but don't see the money in my account.  Are you able to check with the merchant or process the refund manually?
How can I pay for top-ups?
What documents do I need to get together to verify my identity?
How can I get a virtual card for a one-time transaction?
Will you tell me how I am supposed to use the disposable cards?
Can I see my available money?
The correct exchange rate wasn't given to me for an item I purchased.
Money was transferred to me and I am unable to see it
DO I have to be 18 to open an account?
I am not being recognized by the app.
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. Please help.
I don't like the services, please close my account
what is this charge i didnt do it what can i do
Which card would I get, Visa or Mastercard?
Why is the exchange rate terrible?  That can't be close to the actual interbank rate.
Since my card is about to expire, what do I do to get a new one?
My recent transfer needs to be cancelled immediately; it was a mistake, please can you cancel it before it goes through?
Can my children have an account?
I have a new card. How do I activate it?
How does the exchange rate work?
Are you ripping people off with the exchange rate?  It can't be that atrocious between banks.
My pin was blocked, how do I make it so I can use it?
why is the exchange rate for a Foreign ATM different
is there a way to see where funds come from
Can I use my card to withdraw from my account?
My phone has been stolen.
Why was my payment reversed?
My transfer to my account is missing.
I need the source of my funds verified. How do I do this?
Why do i have to verify my top-up card?
I didn't withdraw the amount of cash that is showing up in the app.
How long does a card delivery take?
I made a purchase earlier today but it is still listed as pending- when will it go through?
If I were to transfer, what would the cost be?
Can i get payed through this system?
Can I use my card for online payments?
How do I unblock my card using the app?
Where is the closest ATM I can use?
I was wondering why my payment hasn't gone through yet, its been a while.
How soon will my balance be updated to reflect my transfer?
I don't recall making that payment?
What is my source of funds?
How can I revert a transaction from this morning?
My card is being declined for a purchase. I bought items before and the card worked. Do you know what the problem is?
Where do I find my card PIN?
How do I fix a transaction to the wrong account?
I need to cancel a transaction.
I want to delete my account. How do I do this?
The exchange rate applied is wrong for my international purchase.
I was charged extra for a withdrawal
The cash I asked for still hasn't been received
Please advise what is the exchange rate
exchanging currencies costs what?
How come my card payment has been declined?
Why was a fee added to my bill when I used my card?
how long does it take for a transfer from Europe to go through?
Why did my my transfer get declined?
I made a top up yesterday but it's still pending.
How can I process a refund for something I purchased?
Hello, can you please inform me about international transfers? I am expecting a transfer I made from France two days ago and would like to know when it will arrive.
I transferred some cash and it has not arrived yet.
With what currencies can I add money?
My Identity verification hasn't passed yet is it possible to use my account?
Do you have an age limit?
What steps do I have to go through in order to activate my new card?
I want to know which currencies and cards are supported, can you provide a list?
I can't top up my account using my American Express with Apple Pay.
Someone else made a Direct Debit transaction on my account
Why am I still waiting for my refund
My top up says it is still pending
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what is happening?
Why would my beneficiary not be allowed?
How much will it be in order to pay with a bank transfer using SEPA?
Card payment has be declined.
My disposable virtual card isn't working.
My money transaction can't be seen by the person I sent it to
Am I free to top-up as much as I want?
What is the function of the disposable cards?
Is it possible to cancel my transfer?
Is there a fee to top up a US card using a debit or credit card?
Why do I have a transaction showing multiple times?
my daughter needs a card, how do i add her?
My transfer failed to a beneficiary
I purchased something abroad and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
How can I obtain a virtual card?
pending transaction?
I need help proving that this is really me and to verify my identity.
My transaction history is looking a little off. I have been charged twice for multiple different purchases, and would like to have those duplicate charges refunded.
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I did not make
i need a refund right away but the funds aren't available in my account
Trouble with my top up
I didn't take out money from an ATM but my app statement shows that I did. How can I fix this?
I can't recall my passcode and need to reset it.
Hi, I am experiencing problems while trying to top-up with my card. I have never experienced any problems doing this before. Could you please help me?
How are your exchange rates calculated?
Where can I find my PIN? I haven't gotten it yet.
Why is my withdrawal wrong? I took out $100 but only received $20.
How do I go about verifying the top-up card?
What is with the need to have all my ID information?
Do any of your machines provide cash from my home country? I don't have any money on me and I'm on holiday so I'm concerned. Also, will I be charged anything to do this?
I was not distributed the correct amount of cash that I asked for
How can I go about transferring money to my account?
My credit card cancelled a payment for a purchase.
You provide support in what countries?
Where do I go to get my new card linked?
Oh no!  I lost my card!  Help!
I don't have my card in 1 week.  Should I be worried?
Can I top-up my card using a bank transfer.
My disposable virtual card doesn't seem to work
There is an extra charge on my account I didn't authorise, it's just £1, what is it?
Do exchanges cost more?
What is my foreign exchange rate?
I don't know why my card payment did not work
I have been waiting for my top-up to complete and it still hasn't gone through.
I asked for $40 and I only received $20, what happened?
My card has been lost / stolen
What is the age limit for an account?
There was an extra charge when I made a transfer.
It's been a couple days how much longer do I have to wait for my transfer?
I would like to track a card sent to me, how do I do that?
I need to change my address
I've attempted to do a very standard transfer and have tried 5 times at this point. Can you tell me what the issue is? Is the system down?
Do I get Visa or Mastercard?
Do I have an option between Visa and MasterCard?
Help me figure out why my transfer was declined
I am wondering about a transfer from a different country that doesn't show up yet?
Can it automatically top up my account?
I need to reset my passcode, this one isn't working
I live in the EU - can I get a card?
How can I get a card sent to China?
Why is there an extra €1 fee in my statement?
The card PIN?
I couldnt transfer money from my account.
Can you give me information about verification code?
My card stopped working when I use it
I performed a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it has not gone through? Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
I am seeing inside the App a some cash withdrawal that is not mine
Why do I need to verify my account?
Where will I get my card?
Does the fee for exchange change?
My card hasn't arrived in the mail yet. I ordered it two weeks ago. What can I do?
Does your app allow currency exchange from USD to GBP?
my cash out is still pending
Can you tell me how long it takes for a new card to come?
What is the verification code for my top up card?
Is there any cost to change foreign money to local?
I finally got my card.  Now I want to link it.  Is that something you have to do or can I do that?
I need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
I was using foreign currency at an ATM, but the rate was typed in wrong.
How do I go about verifying my identity?
How long before transferred money shows up?
Tell me why my card payment would be reverted.
The amount of cash I received was different than what I requested.
Why hasn't my cash been deposited yet?
Can I select my card scheme or do you choose it for me?
What do I do if I already had a card with you guys?
How long do money transfers take? My friend really needs the money i sent a couple of hours ago but it's not there yet.
I think my top up may have been reverted, what do I do?
Payments from my disposable virtual card don't work
It is still pending, I am still waiting. Your system just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
What is the number of transactions I get with a disposable card?
When will my card be delivered?
what cards can i use to add money to my account
How can my friend give me money?
Hearing about your verification results from us may take anywhere from 10 minutes to approximately one hour.  If this verification has in fact, failed, double-check to make sure that your images are clear.  Also make sure that your document photos have no blur or glare. They need to be readable.  You must also be 18 years of age or older and be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open an account.
My credit card has been declined.
Is there a way for me to check my balance?
Is it possible for me to give my daughter a second card for this account?
I received my salary in GBP. How do I change this to my currency?
I deposited a cheque, why isn't my balance showing that I did?
Hello, I tried to top up with my card, but it didn't work. I just got it a couple days before and it works fine. What's the deal? Can you check into this?
How do I verify my ID?
I want to get some cash from the ATM using my card but I dont want to be charged any fees. Ive taken some money out before with no fees, but recently Ive been getting charged. Why?
I got double charged!
What are the currency types that I can keep money in.
I want to activate the card.
Your exchange rates come from where?
I tried to use my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym and it got rejected. Any ideas why?
How can I see the progress of delivery of the card that was sent?
Can I change my PIN?
I needed cash today, so I used another provider's ATM, and when I attempted to withdraw, it declined. I just checked it out and I'm still showing my account with that amount pending! I didn't take any money out, it was declined, so I don't want that to be processed as a withdrawal.
I was charged for getting cash.
Where can I find a Mastercard ATM?
Can you tell me more about limits to disposable virtual cards?
Why was I charged for payments? You didn't warn me about additional fees.
I went to use my new card today and the card was repeatedly declined. I would really like to use this card and need to know what to do about it.
How many days to deliver to a US customer?
Why do I see a fee when I do a transfer?
What's the foreign exchange rate I will receive?
Is a copy of the police report necessary for completing the report process?
I was wondering if you will take any fees in exchange for top ups?
are both visa and mastercard available to me?
Cash I did not get showed up in my account
How long does it take for a transfer to finish pending?
I want to activate my new card.
How can I dispute a direct debit charge on my account?
I have made a withdraw from an ATM this last holiday, why is there such a high charge from this transaction?
Please could you give me a refund
What's the problem? My card keeps getting declined for top up. I need to know what is going on.
I am unaware of what my password is.
Do I get a real card?
I want to block my card or deactivate it or something, it's been stolen and I don't want it misused. I want this handled right away.
Currently my card is broken.
I bought something and I take issue with the exchange rate applied.
What type of ID do you accept?
Can I get some help to get me card activated?
My withdrawals were going smooth until I got declined today. What is going on?
Can I get an update on my replacement card?
The app declined my top up. What did I do wrong?
If I am not in the country and I need to change my PIN, how can this be done?
Can I unblock my card using the app?
What is the maximum for top-ups?
I can't seem to make a standard bank transfer. I have tried at least five times already but none of them are going through. Please tell me what is wrong?
What does it mean by pending payment?
Why does the app revert a payment?
I need to know if everything is okay here. After making a transfer from a UK account it doesn't show up. How long does this normally take to process?
I think something went wrong with my exchange between Russian Ruble and UK pounds. I was overcharged during the swap.
Needed gas, been delayed for half an hour.Please fix it!
I'm going to be away for awhile, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
Hello,  I have recharged topup but account is not credited. Please help me in this, i guess there is some defect in system.
Can I have it add money at certain time intervals when I travel?
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I am not sure why.
I was contacted by a seller with a message that they never received my money. I am 100% sure it was taken from my account so I definitely need this sorted out soon.
Why does it matter that I prove my identity?
My identity has been stolen. I still have my physical card but there are charges I didn't make on my account. How do I cancel this card or dispute the charges?
A couple weeks ago some money was deducted from my account by some seller that I don't remember. I'm pretty sure I didn't do that, but is it possible to trace back who that is just to make sure?
It looks like I was charged a withdrawal fee for going to my ATM. Why is that because I haven't been charged previously for doing so?
Is there a charge for getting more cards?
Can you tell me where I can withdraw money?
Hello. Can you tell me if you use Visa or Mastercard?
I was using a foreign currecy to make a payment and the applied the wrong rate.
Why am I seeing a fee for transferring money?
Can you tell me why I can't make any transactions?
Why would the app deny my top-up?
Can exchanged be made to EUR?
My card keeps getting declined when I try to use it.  I would like to top-up, but it is not going though.
How do I link my card
I cannot remember my passcode, is there a way to retrieve it?
Please cancel the transfer I just made.  I put in the wrong account number and can't seem to stop it on the app.
The transfer I just made needs to be cancelled right now. It was my mistake. Please help me cancel it before it goes through!
Would you give me a mastercard and visa?
I made a purchase but never expected to see a fee charged for the transaction.
Foreign currency rates were put in wrong at an ATM i used.
Where can the pin be located?
Is there a way to get a virtual card?
Remove my account immediately.
I'd like to get another card
Would you be so kind as to activate my card? Thanks
What am I supposed to do if the funds haven't show up from a transfer completed this morning?
How much will it cost me for a SEPA transfer?
My beneficiary is unable to transact
Where can I find Mastercard ATMs?
I already have an account. Why can't I use it unless my identity is verified?
For what reason did my top-up get cancelled?
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
Why am I charged to get money from the ATM?
I received the wrong amount of cash from the ATM. Can you help?
I just checked my account on the App and there is a payment on there that I did not make.
is there a limit on top ups
Is it simple to transfer money using my credit card?
Is topping up free?
When can I expect to receive my card?
Can I top up using cash?
I see a cash withdrawal in the app that I did not do.
I just sent money but the person I sent it to doesn't see it. What happened?
Why did you cancel my card payment?
My latest payment was declined! What happened! I was told everything had been resolved and was back to working order again.
Can I cancel a transfer
What fiat currencies are supported?
My card is stuck in an ATM machine, how do I get it back quickly?
I am sure I have plenty of money to transfer but my transfer is being declined.
How long should a transfer normally take to process completely? I have a friend that needs it right away, but it's already been 2 hours and she hasn't received it.
I already have one of your cards, how do I link them?
Why did my transfer get declined?
Can you tell me which cards and currencies are supported?
I put cash in my account, but I don't see it.
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary happen?
How long is the transfer?
I have a disposable card, how many transactions can I make?
Can you tell me where my readily available cash has come from?
Why are all my card payments being declined?
What do I do if I see a transaction on my card that I don't recall making?
I didn't know there was a charge for tranferring. What is the charge?
My balance is not right. It has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
Why did my transfer to a beneficiary fail?
Can you find out why my credit card didn't process payment? It was declined for top up so what's the deal?
There's an extra fee on my statement, why is that?
I thought I was going to receive more currency?
When will my transfer come through?
What kind of costs are involved for exchanging currency?
I lost my card, what do I do now?
How do I top up my account with a cash payment?
Why was I charged for withdrawing cash?
Can I revive a physical card.
The ATM machine would not give my card back
The exchange rate for case abroad is applied wrong.
If I find a card I lost do I need to dispose of it? Or can I re-active the card and continue to use it?
Why did I not get the amount I specified at the ATM?
Why do you keep declining my transfers?it was always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
I want to top up my account with a cheque
How much would it cost me for a bank transfer to top up my account?
I do not recognise the card payment.
I used an ATM in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
Please help me cancel a transaction.
Do currency exchanges cost extra?
How do I delete my account now
I was mistakenly charged a fee for using my card.
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working correctly?
How can I alteration my PIN?
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards?
How long will it take to deliver to the US?
I need to delete my account, please.
In a month, my card will reach its expiration date, am I required to request the next card?
If I am overseas, how do I change my pin?
I tried to top up but the app rejected it.
I can't figure out how to unblock my pin number. Can you help me?
My phone was stolen so I no longer have access to the app.
Can I increase my top-up maximum?
Hello.  I ran into a problem with a transfer this morning.  I was trying to send money to some friends but when I tried to send it, the transfer failed.  I don't know what is causing the transfer to be rejected.  Please let me know what is causing the problem.  Thanks.
I need to change my address in the personal details.
I have not received my card and it's been a week, what do I do?
My wallet was just stolen and I see my account already has a withdrawal. Can you please help me.
Why am I being charged the wrong currency exchange when I purchased something abroad?
can you share card tracking number?
I messed up and made a transaction using the wrong account.
Is it possible to open an account for my children?
Why is there a fee for an extra pound in my statement?
What kind of businesses will take my card?
I was just shopping online for some tickets and the payment was declined by you.  Why has this happened?  I am certain I have the right amount of funds in my account.
When I used one of the ATMs in the city centre today, I tried to take out some money, but for whatever reason, the machine declined my card. Just checked it out in my account and that amount is still showing as pending! Is there any way that you can cancel this transaction, because I did not receive any money whatsoever from the ATM
why and how soon do I have to have proof of identity to you?
When I made a purchase last Saturday, I was charged extra. Did I receive the right exchange rate?
Will there be a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
can you assist me with the auto top up ?
I tried doing an in country transfer earlier this week. I thought it would be there by now but I still don't see the money. Can you check the status on my transfer?
Does the exchange rate change?
How much do I have to pay for the exchange fee?
My card isn't working at all, I need assistance. It's really frustrating.
I sent you a cheque a few days ago and I noticed that nothing has happened yet. Can you tell me the status of my cheque please?
I have just read my statement and there is a payment I don't recognise.
Why haven't I seen the cash from the cheque I deposited yet?
I tried the wrong PIN too many times.
I want my purchases cancelled.
Something is wrong, my top-up is gone and I don't know what happened to my money.
How long does a UK transfer take?
The payment for the card did not go through
The app wouldn't accept my top up.
My card broke.
This card payment isn't is recognition.
What are the steps for changing my passcode?
Can I set the account to auto top-up?
What is the reason my cash withdrawal is still pending?
There is a payment in the app that I did not approve
Do you convert to Euro?
I was charged extra or a hidden fee when I purchased something from you. What's the deal? I didn't authorize that charge.
I know there's money in my account, why did my account decline me?
My card has been compromised
I don't have my mobile device and am unable to make the payment because I forgot my details.
I was charged the wing amount for an item.
My cash withdrawal is showing as pending, why?
tell me why I was charged more with my card?
who charged my card
Where do i go to receive a virtual card
Why has my top up been returned?
Why can't I see my PIN?
Can I schedule future top ups?
I bought something and already paid for it but now I don't see it.
When shipped to the US how long is delivery time?
I received my new card and tried using it today, just to have it show declined over and over again.  Why is this happening?
Why do we need to verify top-up?
Why are there so many fees on my statement?
i want to get a card but i live in the US
I needed cash from the ATM but I couldn't get it.
I just made an order and noticed an extra fee. Why have you charged me this without informing me?
Can I open an account for a child?
Is there a limit on the number of times I can use a disposable card?
An ATM swallowed my credit card!
Someone stole my card. I need to report it stolen. I made a police report already, but how do I report it with you?
Why did I get a fee from the ATM?
There is a fee from a transfer that is not supposed to be here!
It didn't give me my cash
The exchange rate I was charged for a purchase was not right.
Why has my top-up been returned to my account?
I don't have my passcode to access the app.
I want to cancel a transaction from this morning.
My daughter needs to open account.
The app shows Direct Debit payments that I didn't make
my card was refused, why?
I have a problem!  The ATM stole my card!
Why haven't I gotten my new card?
How long until my card will get here?
is there a foreign currencies charge?
My Virtual card was rejected for a car rental. Why?
Am I allowed to give my daughter one of my cards to use?
My top up is not showing up in my wallet!
A fee that shouldn't be there is there after using my card!
is it just visa or can i also use mastercard?
I requested a refund but am unable to see it in my account. Why is that?
Hi, I am calling about a recent transaction that has happened on my account.  I recently went to the ATM, and tried to make a withdrawal on my account.  I just happened to check my transaction slip and noticed a fee for my withdrawal.  How can I resolve this, I didn't know fees were charged for this type of action.
How do I go about changing my PIN?
My friend would like to send me money. What are the options available to them?
I seem to be having trouble with my Google Pay Top. Can you please help?
How do I retrieve my card from the machine?
I made an out of country transfer and it hasn't went through yet.
On what do you base your exchange rates?
Where are the cards delivered to
Why did my transfer decline
Explain why my top up has been reverted please.
I cannot get my google pay to work.
I need my refund
Is there a money transfer fee?
Today I was out eating and my card was declined. Why's that?
What are my payment options?
When do i get charged a fee for using the card?
There's a cash withdraw on my statement that I didn't make.
How do I unblock my card?
My card is broke, what do I do?
I withdrew money from an ATM today, and now my account is showing a different amount than what I withdrew. I checked the amount the ATM gave me, and it looks like it gave me the wrong amount of money. What is the best thin for me to do to get this fixed?
I need to renew a card that's about to expire
I was just shopping and my payment was declined in a store!  It was very embarrassing, what is going on and when will it be fixed?
Can I use app to unblock my card?
How do I order a replacement for stolen card?
Who can request disposable cards?
How can I transfer money from an outside bank?
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, but the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
Will you charge me if I top up by card?
How do I make my top up complete?
I do not recognise this card payment.
I am trying to transfer money and something is going wrong.
How long does it take for pending transfer transactions to post?
What should I do if I think someone stole my details and used my information to make some transactions?
The ATM ate my card; how do I get a new one?
Is it free to send out more cards?
How can I transfer money between accounts?
Where can I activate my card?
How do I unblock my pin after entering it wrong too many times?
I did a payment with my card but seem that didn't work, it's still listed as pending since a while ago. When does this actually go through?
My beneficiary has been denied, is this normal?
What are the age requirements for service?
My statement shows a 1£ purchase pending. I do not remember making this purchase, please let me know what this is about.
What is the fee for a cash withdrawal?
There's an unauthorized cash withdraw
I am yet to receive my pin.
Will I get charged for topping off my card?
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my international withdrawal?
Please explain why my top-up hasn't been processed yet?
Why would the ATM machine fail to give me the cash withdrawal I requested?
There's a payment in the app I don't recognize.
Why on earth is the exchange rate so bad?   Can I get a rate closer to the actual interbank rate?
Please help me.  I don't know my code to get into the app.
There has been a transfer pending in my account and I wanted to know how long it is going to take to go  through.
I am being charged a transfer fee aren't they free?
What major card payments are accepted?
Delete all of my account information and my account right now.
There is an extra small charge on my card! What do I do?
i am express delivering my card to the us, how long will that take
How can I reset the passcode if I need to do that?
Where are the options to top up with a cheque on my account?
Will you work with any fiat currencies?
Can I have a spare card for this account please?
Hurry and refund me, I am waiting
What happens when my card expires?
I want to activate my card, how do I do it?
Are you sure this is the interbank exchange rate? This rate is really bad.
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with card?
I want to take some funds from my other bank account and add them to this one.
Can I use as many top-ups as I want?
I made a card payment and a fee is showing up?
How can I change my name in my profile?
I do not have my pin
How recent do my documents need to be for verification?
How do I activate a card I received?
What are the top up charges for US cards?
When will the transaction go through?
Can I use my apple watch to top-up?
I thought I left my card at a restaurant, but they claim not to have it and now I don't have any idea where it is. I'm so worried that someone might be using it fraudulently. Is there any way to look into this?
My phone is at the hotel.  How can I use the app?
Why would there be a payment on my account I don't recognize?
What fiat currencies can I use for holding and exchanging?
Why has another fee been placed on my statement?
How can I exchange currencies using your app?
I just checked my statement and saw a $1 charge, why is it there?
What is this extra €1 fee about?
Why am I not able to verify my id?
What all is needed to verify the top-up card?
Are there still fees for european top-ups?
I want to transfer money using my credit card.
The  money I transferred does not show in the balance.
I was able to find my card. How to I go about putting it into my app?
Do you support fiat currencies?
My transfer has been pending for a long time now. I already double checked my account info and it is correct. Why is it taking so long in 2018 to transfer money?
Do you have a list of countries you operate in?
There was a direct debit I don't recognize.
I just realized I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
How come I was charged an extra fee when paying with the card?
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that its not mine
Hello! I randomly got charged an extra fee today as i was shopping online and i have no idea why! Are there extra fees for card payments? Or am i missing something here?
I have not received the completed transaction.
Am I able to exchange currencies?
I want to cancel my purchase
Did you deactivate my card it's not working anymore
I found a charge on my debit that I did not make.
when will my transfer arrive
How can I deposit money to my account?
There is some odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's that about? Pretty sure I haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
How long do cheques take to post to your account?
I received a "declined" message when doing a transfer
There's a payment with my card that I didn't perform. I don't know that name shown.
Where's the money that got charged to my card? It's not showing up in my account balance
Where can I find an ATM to use this card?
I withdrew some cash and the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
I need to know why my credit card was declined for top up? What is the deal here and why did it not go through?
The ATM won't give me my card back.
Can you let me know why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
Why has my top up been cancelled
Could you please tell me why my card payment didn't work?
I was at an ATM and it swallowed my card.
why does the app show a direct debit payment that I did not authorize
Is it possible to order a virtual card?
I keep being asked to verify my identity. Is this normal?
I have a transfer from the US, How long is the wait?
Why has my deposit in the ATM not cleared yet?
I received my card. How do I link it to the app?
Will you accept my other card?
If I exchange foreign currency, are there any other charges?
I would like to know what exchange rates you use?
I need to cancel a transfer I made.
need to verify source of funds
top-up is slow to process
Is my card ready for use or does it need activated and if so how?
My top up isnt working
I got a message that I cannot name X as a beneficiary.
How do I know what my PIN is?
i need help, i lost my card
Why is this not letting me exchange crypto? I need help making this transaction go through.
The exchange rate for the money I took out in a foreign country is wrong.
Can I choose from either Visa or Mastercard?
I am getting charged fees on some payments.  Please help me understand, where are these fees disclosed?
Is there a auto top-up option?
Where is the top-up verification code sent?
Why didn't this transfer work?
I have one of your cards already, how do I link it?
Please tell me how you can stop unauthorized payments from being made on my card since on this bill I see that this has happened. There are transactions that I never made from a place I've never been to.
Hi. I just withdrew cash from an ATM and received the wrong amount. However, my app shows the correct amount I withdrew. How do I get the rest of the cash?
I need to know why a money transfer is available.
Can you please make my top up go through as soon as possible. I really need the money and it has been pending for an hour already.
I bough an item and the exchange rate was incorrect.
I sent some money and the account hasn't recived the transfer I made.
Why did the person I transferred money to not receive the correct amount? What should I do to get them the right amount, do I have to transfer more money to them?
Help!  There is a cash withdrawl on the account that I didn't make!
How do I link one of your card that I already have?
I was double charged
I tried to make a transfer and it failed.
I lost the code and can not get into the app. Help!
A mortgage payment I'm making is giving me an error message.  This is the first time I'm making this payment and want to know what's wrong.
What top up charges are there for US cards?
I want to use my account before identity verification
What commission do you take for currency exchage?
What are these disposable cards meant for?
Is there an age limit for opening an account?
Bank transfer to account did not show up, please help?
How can I exchange currencies in the app?
Do you know which businesses will accept my card?
I'm having trouble proving my identity
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple of days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet.
What do I do if I forgot my PIN?
why can't my beneficiary make transactions?
I made a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending" in the account. How long will this payment take to complete?
What are the steps of verifying an identity?
I may need to exchange my USD for GBP, can your app do that?
Why was my ATM withdrawal cancelled?
My card won't work right now.
Do I get an actual card?
Are contactless payments enabled on my new card?
My payment was terminated
which kind of documentation do I need for identity check?
I'm not able to activate my card how do I fix this problem?
Even though I added money ey to the card, I couldn't use it
Why is the refund not on my statement?
How can I stop someone from using my card after I lost it yesterday.
I can still see money in my account after making a payment
I topped up and now my money is not there anymore! What happened to it?
Can I use a disposable virtual card for any purchase?
Where can I find the exchange rate for my transfer?
What is the extra fee I was charged when using an ATM?
Why did I need to verfiy my identity?
Please tell me what the exchange fee is.
In my statement, I got a €1 extra fee.
I lost my phone and need help securing it.
Can I cancel an order if I haven't received the item yet? And how can I get my money back? Please help. Thanks.
do I need to verify my identity before I can use my card?
I would like to top up via credit card, which credit cards do you support?
I was charged an extra dollar on my account and would like to know the reason.
Do I get charged for a top up from a European bank?
I made a transfer and the receiver said they haven't actually received the right amount, but it's a bit less. Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing bit. Can you please alert me about this, what has been going on?
Hello. My credit keeps being declined, last night and again today, as I try to buy something. What is the status of my card?
How many ATMs will take this card?
Where do I unblock my PIN?
why have I got a pending transfer? I'm confused!!
I need a number of disposable cards everyday.
How to change my address.
When will a cash withdrawal show up?
I deposited cash this morning and I am still waiting
How do I top-up automatically?
I tried using my credit card with top up but it didn't work! I thought it was supposed to?
Is there any way to see my card in the app?
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do?
Help!  The app has an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
Are there certain cards and currencies you support?
can usa residents get a card?
From what countries can I use an account?
If I'm getting my identity verified, what all do I need?
I am asking to end my account.
what are the exchange rates for foreign currency ATMs
My package is taking too long to arrive and I don't want it anymore. Can I get a refund?
The card I thought was lost was just in my jacket, so can I reactivate it since I found it this morning?
Hi, I am on vacation in Spain and someone stole my bag with my phone and wallet with cards and everything. Can you block it ASAP and then I want to order a new one also ASAP.
What is the longest that a payment will show pending?  There is one showing that has been sitting there a few days.
Do I pay extra for exchange?
I could only take the amount of money that was available to me which was less then I expected.
I am trying to complete a transfer but I keep getting an error message.
How long does it take for my payment to process?
How long do you have to wait to see your virtual card your ordered?
What is the time frame for a transfer from the US?
Why was my top-up rejected?
Can you please explain why I was charged an extra fee for my transfer?
If I want to exchange currency, will there be extras?
can you tell me why my transfer failed?
My identity verification isn't working
Why would i not be able to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
Hello. I'm trying to transfer some money to a friend but it keeps getting rejected. can you help me?
My statement is showing I was Charged a dollar and I am not sure why.
Can you show me where to link the new card?
Is there a top up fee?
I was charged a fee for my transfer.
What if I need my salary in another currency?
My card needs to be activated asap
Will the PIN come separately?
I have a payment that shows twice
Where can I find top up by cash deposit?
How do I fix a payment that was reverted
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at a couple different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's a problem with my account?
I seem to have been charged to much for my holiday purchases, the exchange rate is wrong.
I only have a card from the US is that okay?
Why is it required to verify my identity?
How do I obtain a disposable virtual card?
Why is my cash withdrawal pending?
The app reverted my action when I topped up.
I am seeing an extra fee on my statement what is that for?
I tried to make a transfer, but it didn't work.
I have a card that expires in the coming month, do I have to specifically ask for the updated card?
I sent some money to somebody a couple of hours ago, and they still have yet to receive it.  They really need the money, how much longer are they going to have to wait?
Can you remove my account please?
Does the card you sent have a way to track to it?
Do I need to verify my identity each time I wish to use my account?
Where is an ATM?
My statement shows and extra 1$ that was charged to it and I would like to know why.
How can I access my account when I have lost my phone?
How do I get a new card when my old one expires?
I was getting cash and the card got stuck inside
I would like to change my pin.
When will my card come? I need it as soon as possible!
My PIN can't access my card, can you help?.
How can I exchange currencies with this app?
Where can I get your exchange rates from?
Do you give refunds?
I don't understand why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement.
I tried transferring money to a beneficiary, however, I was unsuccessful.
I know there's an auto-top option but I can not locate it when I look?
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know why
I would like to receive my salary in a different currency. How does that work?
What is the price for a physical card?
I need to activate my card, how is that done?
Is it possible to top-up automatically?
I need to bank account transfer from another account into this one, what is the easiest way that can be done, and what information do i need?
Help! My account doesn't show any funds. Is transferring funds an option I can use?
Is there a way to top-up when it reaches a certain balance?
I made a payment but it was returned.
Why am I unable verify my id?
What is the source of my available funds?
I need to deposit money to my account
I noticed after looking over my transactions that I have been charged twice from an earlier restaurant visit this week. Is it possible that one of these can be removed so I get the money back for the one that is not accurate?
Are there any restrictions on where I use this card?
What things do I need to verify my identity?
Who can purchase a disposable virtual card?
Can you help me activate my card
What should I do if I have used all of my PIN tries?
Tell me why my transfer was declined.
Where is the verification code display?
new customer and filling gas for the first time today, not working,
Are transfers not free? I didn't know I would be charged for transfers.
Why am I being charged for transfers? Are they not free?
I can see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
How do I know where the funds come from?
how long does it take to get my card i am in a rush
Is there a discount for multiple currency exchanges?
Where do I obtain my virtual card?
Where did this 1 euro fee come from?
What apps can I use to top up my account?
Why am I getting declines when trying to make a purchase online?
need to know places i can withdraw money
My transfer says pending. What does that mean?
What's the U.S. Delivery time?
Why is there an identify check?
How can I change my PIN even though I'm out of the country in Austria at the moment?
I contacted the seller and he won't respond.  Please just refund me my  money.
what is the process for setting up a pin
I misplaced my card and I dont know where the last place is where I used the card last. Can you look at my account and tell me the last place I used the card?
I want to reverse my transaction from earlier
Why isn't my google top-up pay working?
Not living in same place, need to change details
Where can I check out the source of available funds in my account?
atm ate my card
Hello- It is urgent I get a refund on this product. The merchant has not been helpful, what can I do now to get this resolved ASAP?
Can you tell me if my top-up has been cancelled?
Is there a limit for top ups?
I got a transfer fail message, but no explanation of why-- what happened?
I forgot my PIN and now it is blocked.
Why did my top-up not work?
There has been a red flag on my top up.
I tried using a check to update my balance, but it isn't work? Is something wrong?
The top-up is broken.
If I see a payment in the app that I don't recognize, what should I do?
Where can I find my card PIN?
With this app, will I be able to exchange currency?
How long will a transfer be pending for?
I was charged an incorrect exchange rate for a withdrawal.
Can I have a auto top-up when my account is short?
How long will it take the money to appear in my account?
Hello, I see that I have been charged an extra $1 on my app.  Could you please provide me with a reason for this charge?
What are the time frames for the money to be available in my account?
When will my deposit be processed?
Somebody made a withdrawal from my account for 500. I have my card so how can this be? Does somebody have a duplicate card or something? Help please.
How long does it take for a refund?
How do I request a disposable virtual card?
Can I withdraw money from another bank and transfer it into my empty account?
What kinds of cards can I use to top up?
Can you please check my UK Account to make sure everything went alright?  I made the transfer a couple of hours ago.
I still don't have my card after 2 weeks.  What should I do?
What other currencies are available to change to?
Am I limited on the amount of disposable cards I can possess?
I can not find my refund.
Please explain why my top-up didn't go through.
My card is missing.
My top-up seems to be pending for a long time?
What is the purpose of the extra fee that is showing up on my statement?
I need to freeze my card. There are charges on there that i did not authorize. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get this money back?
Can you tell me how to get a disposable virtual card?
I am still waiting for a transfer to show
I prefer Visa, can I get that instead?
I recently purchased something and the seller says my money has not arrived yet. It was in EU's. How long does this take?
How do I add a card to the app?
How do I find the PIN?
How can I get another card?
Do I get any sort of discount on volume for a lot fo currency exchanges?
How long will it take to get to me?
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged a fee?
How can I top up my account with a card?
My virtual card is just not going through.
How do I verify my identity?
I'm being asked for a verification code. Where do I find it?
what are limits to top up
I made a mistake when sending a payment, sending it to the wrong account number (with a typo) - can you please cancel the transaction?
I'm still awaiting for the completion of the transaction.
I have checked my statements multiple times, but my refund that I requested a while back is not showing on my account. Is there a reason for this? Can I get some help getting my money back from this transaction?
I have a new card and I need to activate it.
I think something is wrong with your top up.  I've been waiting a little over an hour for this to go through, can you send it through for me?
When will I see my new balance after making my bank transfer?
My transfer got declined.
I want to change my name.
I lost my phone. Can I use my card without the app?
I transferred some money a couple days ago but haven't received it yet. How long should I expect to wait?
I made a cash withdrawal earlier and it's showing as pending.  What does that mean?
Is it possible to order another card?
My pin needs unblocking, unblock it please?
Can cards be dispatched on a specific date?
Someone stole my phone.
Can you close my account please?
I need to transfer some money, can I use my credit card?
Online banking is not showing my cheque or cash deposit so the balance is incorrect.
I think I have an extra transfer charge.
What is the process for activating my card and using it?
There are funds in my app that I did not receive.
Can you refund my purchase?
How many transactions can I do with my disposable card?
The contactless I have won't work.
If I have this card, which ATMs can I go to?
Why is my identity not being verified?
How can I know where did my funds come from?
How much will I pay to exchange foreign currency?
Is the identity check part of bank policy?
The cast deposit from a week ago still is not in my account. Why?
I lost my wallet today with all my credit cards. Will you please block the card and send a replacement?
Will a beneficiary not accept a transfer?
I want to cancel a purchase
Where can i top my card for free?
Do i have to verify who I am?
Why do you need so much id info from me?
I have withdrawn cash from the ATM but it is showing in my account as a pending transation. Why is this?
How long does it take to activate the card, as it does not look like its working?
I need information about an extra €1 fee in my statement.
i am under 18 and i am trying to verify my id. why wont it work?
My card suddenly quit working.
Can you give me info about what to do when my card expires?
How do I find my new pin?
I would like to verify the source of my money
I wasn't charged the correct amount for an item I purchased, how can I fix this?
The app doesn't think it's me.
My identity is unable to be verified.
How can I reset my passcode?
Please provide details on how to top up my account using transfer option
I wanted to withdraw $100 from the ATM but I only got $20
My top up failed.
How much does it cost to top up a US-issued card?
What are the ATMs that will accept this card?
I recently transferred some cash, but the balance has not changed.
How can I obtain a disposable virtual card?
How do you determine your exchange rates?
What are the currencies that are accepted to add money?
Do I have to go to the bank to change my PIN?
I got topped up but the application reverted it.
Is there a way to set up an auto top-up?
I've use my accounts all the time to manage my payments for my place abroad that I just got. I now see that I suddenly have new fees.I'm a frequent customer, so why are you charging me new fees instead of rewarding me?
I can't find my phone and I'm worried someone is going to use it
what currencies can I receive my salary in with this?
I read about the auto-top up function, but can't find it in the app.
I have an unauthorized charge.
WHY IS THERE AN EXTRA FEE FOR USING THE ATM??!!!
Can you unblock my blocked pin?
What countries do you support?
How long does a check take to show up in the account balance?
are you sending me my card?
My account shows a direct debit charge that I have never seen before
My refund isn't showing up
I got charged in double and want a refund
What forms of ID work for verification?
I decided I no long want something that I ordered, and want a refund. How do I go about doing that?
I'm not sure where my phone is, I think someone stole it or it's lost.
I'm wondering how long it takes for my money to get to me after a bank transfer.
My app is showing a payment that I know I did not do. Can you please cancel that transaction and credit my account please?
Someone made a mistake on my money transfer because I was charged extra fees.
I deposited a cheque, but the balance hasn't changed yet.
Do you have charges now when you pay with a card?
I wanna revert a transaction i did this morning.
Hey I want to get a refund on something I bought, but not sure how to go about it. Can you please just cancel the payment, I have not received the item yet.
I was charge a fee for my transfer, why?
How long will my transaction take?
Will I be able to top up by cheque?
I need my purchase cancelled.
My transfer didn't work! Help!
Why do I still have a pending cash withdrawal?
Please tell me how to get a physical card.
What is the first step that I should take after my card has been stolen?
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, when should it be going through?
Why isn't a refund showing on my statement?
There is an odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's the reason for that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound.
What credit cards are supported?
reason i need to verify top up
My card is expiring shortly.  How much will it cost for a replacement, and how soon can I get it?
Is there a fee for adding funds with a credit card?
Can you please explain the topping up transfer process?
Why has my payment not gone through?
I received a transfer in GBP how do I change it to a different currency?
Is there an age minimum?
My transfer isn't in
My app statement shows I took out cash from an ATM but I did not. What can I do?
how long should i wait ti activate my card
Your exchange rate is totally wrong for my card payment
How do I find the verification code for my top-up card?
help me obtain a virtual card
Why is my beneficiary not allowed?
Why have I been charged a fee for card payment?
I've deposited a check in my account but the cash isn't showing as available.
I made a deposit in the ATM and it has not cleared
Which credit card top-ups do you accept?
Can you explain why my Google Pay Top isn't working?
I need your help to get a refund for an item I just bought, can you cancel the payment since what I bought hasn't arrived yet.
Do top-ups have limits?
Is my PIN the same thing as my passcode?
please cancel the transaction
Help me!  When I was abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
I updated by balance with a cheque yesterday but it isn't showing on my account. Did something go wrong?
How can I track my card's delivery?
There is a transaction from my account that I don't recognize can you trace back the information so I can make sure it's something I did or not?
The atm didn't give me all my cash
Tell me the currencies that you support.
Can you tell me what the problem with my card is? It was declined at a restaurant today.
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged?
Someone has stolen my card. Even though I have my card with me, someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help as soon as possible.
What is the exchange fee?
How long will I have to wait for my money to be in my account?
My account is devoid of funds. Am I permitted to submit additional money via bank transfer?
Are there any charges for top ups?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount, the app shows the amount that I've been actually charged though...
How do I get my virtual card?
How do I add an existing card to the app?
Tell me how to setup a new PIN.
My transfer to a beneficiary was rejected.
I was declined when trying to withdrawal cash!
I really need some help to understand why my transfer keeps failing. I'm trying to send money to a friend. Please help.
If my kids wanted to use your service how old would they have to be?
lost phone, dont want others to access account
What do you require to verify someone's identity?
The money would not transfer to a beneficiary.
What will happen after my card expires?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but wasn't able to. Is my card working okay? It's the first time I tried using it.
Please tell me why I was charged additionally when I used the card.
My money transfer has not happened yet
How many times can I make a top-up?
I want to get a new card before my current one expires, how much will it cost me and how long will it take to get here.
Tell me what the steps for the identity checks are
I am confused why there is cash I did not accept in my account
Why do I need to verify my funds?
Why is my refund missing in my statement?
I was overcharged an additional pound.
I keep checking my statements but no progress.I requested a refund but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
How can I receive money from my friend?
I was checking my statement and I think one of my card payments has reverted
Do I get a discount if I exchange currencies a lot?
What do I use to verify my identity?
How can people transfer money to me?
I made a mistake when making my last transfer, please cancel before it goes thru.
Can I top up using an international card
what is the cost for exchanging currencies?
How do I view the card I received in the app?
How long does it take for the card to come?
I need to transfer money to my account from another bank
what is the time frame for transfers
I desperately need to top-up my card, so why is it being declined? Can you solve this for me? I need to use my card immediately!
Can I order a new card with the app?
I got charged twice for the same payment. Please removed the pending payment. Thank you.
I need to move money from another bank to this account.
How do I make my transfer go through
Cash withdrawal still pending?
What do I do if my virtual card won't work.
I was charged for a cash withdrawal.
What is the time frame that transfers normally take from a UK account? I just completed a transfer and nothing shows up. I need to know if everything is alright.
My card was declined and I did not receive money from the ATM earlier, yet it show on my account that it is pending.
Can we skip verifying?
There is a cash withdrawal in my account that isn't mine.
How long is the delivery time to the US?
I have a duplicate payment showing up on the app. How do I stop myself being charged for the thing twice?
I tried entering my passcode and it isn't working. Can you help?
Where's my virtual card
Do you know the closest ATM?
The ATM is declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's anything wrong with my account?
I have used this account overseas recently. Has there been an increase in fees that I am unaware of?
Where can you deliver cards?
My ATM got stuck and I'm not sure what to do.
I was charged twice for the same thing.
Do you have a list of cards and currencies you support?
Why would a merchant revert my payment?
In what way can I change my PIN and where do I need to be?
Will this app allow me to exchange currencies?
What exchange rates do you use?
How long do EU transfers actually take? I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
Why is there are there two of the same transaction?
I thought I can make transfers for free, this is not fair. I bought something online from abroad and there was some weird additional fee that I've never seen before?
I do not see the card PIN anywhere?
What are the disposable virtual card limits?
My transaction is showing several times.
Can I top up by cheque?
I don't think I should have been charged a fee to use my card.
Why was a fee changed for my transfer?
I noticed that i got charged extra for using the card.
Why was my top-up unsuccessful?
I used this account a lot during the last month to manage my payments for my new place abroad. Seems that suddenly fees have increased? Shouldn't you instead reward your frequent customers instead of putting an additional fee suddenly?!
How do I edit my personal details?
My card still hasn't been delivered
I would like to know what your exchange rates are.
I wasn't able to use my card today when I went out for lunch. Wondering why that is?
What is the age to open an account?
How can I link the new card?
May I receive a different card pin
I have a new card and I can't add money to it.  I tried about 30 minutes ago and it is still pending.  What do I do?
What should I do if I can't use my card?
I sent a payment, but the person I sent it to says they don't have it
why have i not got my new card?
How long does a transfer take?
How old do you have to be to open an account?
May I exchange currencies with this?
I wasn't applied the correct exchange rate for an item I bought
How can I get my money back on an order. I haven't gotten the item yet, so I want to cancel the order. How?
Why is there a charged fee for debit or credit card payment?
Is there currency exchange on this app?
Why hasn't my withdrawal shown on my statement?
Why did I get blocked?
I think there has been a mistake on my exchange rate for this purchase.
What should I do if I've tried to enter my PIN too often?
What is the identity check for?
Where do you get your exchange rates from?
I tried to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared!
How can I make my card show up in the app?
When will the transfer go through?
Why is there an uknown charge showing on my account?
Why would a card payment be declined?
Are there any fees when exchanging to foreign currencies?
I didn't receive my money earlier and it says the transaction is still in progress. Can you fix it?
My refund is not showing up in my account. Where is it?
Why do you charge fees on card payments?
I withdrew some cash, when is it going to show?
My new card has arrived, what's the activation procedure?
Can you see my new balance yet?
In the US, how long is the wait for a transfer?
My card expires soon
There's a duplicate charge on my account?
will you be able to activate my card
Hi there, earlier today I tried to take money out of an ATM machine, and something wasn't working.  I didn't actually receive the money, but I just checked and it says that the transaction is still pending.  Can you tell me what's going on here? Am I still being charged for the withdrawal even though I didn't end up getting any money?
Where do I look for cash top up?
How much money can I withdraw before fees? I noticed a fee on my card but I didn't think I had hit the limit of how much I could withdraw in a month.
I couldn't make a transfer because it was declined
I sent money about 5 days ago and the recipient has not received the money yet.
I have been charged twice for the same thing!
Can i cancel this purchase?
A transfer to my account shows as still pending and I wanted to know how long it is suppose to take to clear.
Is my card accepted everywhere?
I want to transfer money to a beneficiary, but I couldn't.
How do I get my money back for something I bought?
I think I deserve a refunded on a certain item.
I have no more money in my account.  Is there a way to do a bank transfer to put money into my account?
I was wondering if there were any discounts offered for frequent currency exchanges?
how can i add money from my amex card
I'm tired of all the problems I've had. I want to quit this account!
How do I update my current residence details?
I would like to use the bank transfer feature, but I can't find it. Can you please give me the details?
Why is there an extra charge for money that was withdrawn?
Questionable transactions on my account.
whats your exchange rate
I see a direct debit transaction that I didn't make.
How many incorrect attempts cause card to be blocked?
I transferred money and it didn't get there.
Please sort your top up! My top up has been pending for an hour already. Can you please make it go through as soon as possible. I really need the money.
Should I expect to be charged for topping up by transfer?
I need to report a stolen card
I got my new card. How do I activate it?
how come when i asked for 100 it only gave me 20.00 in the app
Can I add money automatically to my account while traveling?
I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet. How long do EU transfers actually take?
I don't know if this is an issue with the ATM or my account, but I just tried withdrawing 30 pounds from the ATM I'm at now and it only gave me 10. Is this a glitch or what exactly is going on?
Is it possible to exchange currencies using the app?
I have kids and I'm curious at what age could they start to use your service.
Do you offer any discounts for someone who exchanges currencies frequently?
At what age can I open an account?
My refund is not showing.
The ATM cancelled a transaction on me when I was trying to get some cash out.
is it ok if i use both visa and mastercard
Why has my card payment been declined?
Why was my virtual card declined when attempting to setup automatic billing?
I wanted to purchase something online but the payment was returned back to me. This has been going on for a couple of weeks. Please tell me what is going on here?
I see an unfamiliar Direct Debit payment.
Why did I get charged twice for the same thing
How do I fix my card if it is broken?
Help me.  My card doesn't work.
How many disposable cards is the limit?
Why did you guys charge me an extra €1?
what are your exchange rates at?
What locations can I get money from?
Can someone please explain to me where my source of funds came from?
The app does not believe that I am myself
What is the longest a US transfer should take to appear in my account?
How many currencies can I have?
How do I edit the personal details on my account?
What is your check-cashing policy?
I have been charged twice for the same transaction.
Why have I been charged a small fee to use my card?
Think someone has took money out with my card. What shall I do?
are SWIFT transfers an option?
Verifying top-up cards necessary?
Can I use any card and currency?
The exchange rate for my cash withdrawal was incorrect
Can you tell me the ATMs I can use with my card?
A transfer has to be cancelled.
Are there any fiat currencies that you will not work with?
What do you charge to top up US cards?
who can put money in my account?
My funds must be verified
I think my top-up has failed.
Where is my PIN located?
I was not able to receive the correct amount of cash.
How do I know when my new card is going to arrive?
Do you offer auto top ups?
I did not do this payment
Why is the exchange rate wrong when I purchase something abroad?
I took out money from a transaction machine and it exchanged the wrong dollar value amount from another currency!
I don't think the charges made when I had currency exchanged are right.
I ordered online weeks ago and I never received my package in the mail and I don't want to wait any more. So if I could get my money back now that would be great.
What is this €1 charge?
can you top up your account automatically
I tried to purchase airline tickets online this morning and my card information isn't working. Is there something going on with my account?
I prefer Mastecard.
How do I go forth on transferring money into my account?
If I make a mistake can I cancel the transaction?
I was out today looking forward to pay with my new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
When will my top up be approved?
I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM in the city center but my card was declined. The transaction is still showing up as pending - please cancel it!
I got less than what i asked for in the ATM, why?
At what age can a person open an account?
I need to move money from one of my other accounts to this one.
I bought something and the money appeared back into my account? Why?
I'm not sure where my phone is.  Can someone else use the app?
What do I do after my card expires?
If I don't have all my documents can they still verify my identity?
I made a transfer into my account and now I need to cancel it
Where is the transaction I made to a friend?
I have a new card and I want to activate it
What do I need to do to perform identity checks?
I have my residency in the US, but I would love to get a card.
I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It should not have been done so.
Is there a limit on how many times I can use a disposable card?
How does a disposable virtual card work?
What documents do you need to verify my identity?
Is my card broken?
The top-up card is verified how?
I don't recognize some of the transactions on my card, I think someone must have gotten my card info and used it.
Why have I all of a sudden been charged for my ATM withdrawal? I thought the withdrawals were free because this is the first time I've ever had this problem.
Is there a way to track my card?
Do transfers from Europe take longer?
Will filling stations accept my card?
My top-up hasn't gone through
I need my card ASAP!
I have lost my phone.
How do I convert currencies with the app?
can i use my mastercard to add money to my account
I tried to pay with my card and it didn't work
How can I set up Google Pay on my device?
how to activate card?
What businesses accept this card?
ATM apparently not working?  Couldn't access funds in my account?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get anything out. Is there a problem with my card? It's the first time I tried using it.
Where would I order a virtual card?
Why wouldn't my contactless work for the metro?
Why was I charged a fee for my card payment?
Can I have it by a certain date?
Am I able to return an item for a refund?
What's the earliest time to receive my card?
dont understand why transfer failed
Approximately how long will an urgent transfer from China take?
Should I order a new card before I freeze my original one?
Are cheques accepted to my account? Mine didn't seem to work.
Weird Direct Debit payment
I have been charged twice on my statement.
what are weekend rates for getting cash
Can I use a check to top up?
Why am I seeing a direct debit thats not mine?
Is there a discount for frequently exchanging currencies?
I asked for cash but I did not receive all the funds
Shouldn't my new card be here by now?
Will my transfer immediately show up in my account?
My exchange went wrong. I swapped Russian Ruble for UK pounds and was charged too much.
What should I do if my card payment was cancelled?
I'm not certain, but someone may be using my card.
Will I be fined for topping up by transfer?
What happened to my top-up? I think it was cancelled.
When using my card I was charged a fee for doing so, why?
I require verification for my source of funds.
I'm not sure why my card payment was cancelled, can you find out why?
How much for an actual card?
I don't think that my top-up worked.
How can I unlock the pin?
A fee shouldn't apply to me if my card was stolen.
Can I unblock my pin?
I sent payment with EU transfer and they still haven't received it. How long does it take?
The $1.00 has still not been reverted as indicated in the previous email.
Can I get a Visa card?
Can I transfer money to a beneficiery?
I was charged two times for the same thing.
I have been charged a fee, I didn't know about this fee before! When do you charge extra for card payments?
I have a missing refund
Hello, I believe there has been a mistake made on the exchange rate for my card. Could you please check the official interbank exchange rate for me?
Are there charges for using a bank card to top up
Is there a certain age I need to be?
I would like to transfer money into my account.
What's my limit for topping up?
My top up is pending still
I attempted to top up my account but it's been frozen in a pending state for well over an hour now! Is this normal? I'm a new customer and this is my first time doing this. I assumed it would be done quicker than this.
What does it mean if my top-up has not gone through?
I needed to make a payment on my account, but I typed in the incorrect number.  The app won't allow me to cancel this transaction.  I need it cancelled ASAP!!
How do I access the virtual card?
I left my card at a restaurant and now its missing.
Is a new debit card free?
Can I link another card to my account?
How can I update my details since I moved?
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
I would like to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service you're providing
My contactless payments have not been completed successfully.
how many days processing new card?
How can I perform a dual money transferring from one account to another?
going to need a new card what are the fees and time it takes
Is there a reason for my top up to be cancelled?
What happened to the transfer I did?
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once, second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Can another family member hold a card for this account in addition to mine?
I got charged fees for withdrawing cash!
Google pay and top up, I want it, can I get it?
I expected a higher exchange rate when I withdrew money. Can you tell me current exchange rates?
Can I see where my money came from?
What is this extra fee?
Why do the top-ups need to be verified?
I'm not certain my top-up went through yet.
May I choose when it's delivered?
I ordered something ages ago online but it's simply not arriving. I've got enough! Give me back my money, I'm not paying these people.
top up not completed
While abroad I got cash, and a wrong exchange rate was applied.
why isnt my cash withdrawal showing
What does the €1 fee mean?
what is the correct exchange rate for getting cash
How can I the person see my money transaction?
Would you be able to offer me a discount, since I need to exchange currencies frequently?
If I will be traveling, is there a way to auto top-up my card on certain days?
I need to change my PIN.
What is the normal time to make an international transfer? I made one a few days ago that still hasn't arrived.
The cash I deposited using the ATM is still pending
The exchange rate from my card payment isn't right.
There are a few payments in the app that I didn't make! Does someone else have my card?  What should I do?
I placed a cheque but the funds aren't there
Can you tell me how transferring money into my account works?
Why did my cash deposit not show up?
How to I close my account?
What do I need to do to correct this failed transfer?
I sent a payment but now it's not showing up.
i didnt do this charge
My automatic top-up was unsuccessful
I really need money from my card today, but my card is getting declined. Please help!!
Is it possible to give a second card from my account to my daughter?
what happened to the money after i put in the wrong info and it got declined
There is a €1 extra fee in my statement
My card is stolen.  Help!
Why do you have the identity check
Soon my card will expire, how do I get a new one?
My top up is giving me problems. What is wrong with it?
I tried to get cash in the ATM but it was not approved
Can I reactivate a card I thought I lost?
This fee shouldn't be there after I paid with a card.
Can I re-link a lost card with the app?
What can I use to verify my identity?
How do I verify the top-up?
Why was my account deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
My card payment is still on hold, why is it so?
Will I be able to get a disposable virtual card as well?
I want to transfer money to a beneficiery. Why can't I?
Someone hacked into my cards account.
How can I top up my account by bank transfer?
Why can't I use my virtual card for subscription services?
ATM still has my card
What is the fee if I use a European bank for a top up?
I'd like to use cash to top up. How do I find that option?
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple days already that doesn't seem to move
Hello,  I am a college student who I recently attended my high school reunion at a local restaurant. I paid with my credit card and now my transaction history reflects a second charge of the seemingly same payment. What could be the reason for this?  Is there any way to have the fraudulent  payment credited back onto my card?
Am I able to get a refund for a purchase?
Help!  My card is stolen.
My card payment failed.
I have a pending payment in my account that I paid a while back ago and it still hasnt gone through. Why would it show pending for so long?
Why wont the other bank take my money?? Is it not good enough?? There's sufficient funds but I keep getting denied a standard transfer. Ive tried 5 times!
Are you able to delete my account?
Where do I locate topping up with cash.
How old do you need to be to have an account?
I can't see my latest bank transfer
Where's my card PIN?
im not sure what this charge is for
Is there a reason why there is an extra £1 charge on my account?
I couldn't pay with my card
I've got a repeated tranasaction on my card.
There is a payment in the App that is not mine.
someone is using my account
Do you offer free ATM withdrawals of ones hometown currency while on holiday?
I can't see a verification code anywhere
My transaction is on the wrong account.
It appears as though my card payment was duplicated. I paid at the store earlier today. The first time it was declined and the second time it worked. The app is still showing one of the payments to be pending. Please take one of these off because clearly the first was declined and is not correct.
Is it possible to get one of your cards in the European Union?
I CAN NOT FIND THE TOP-UP VERIFICATION CODE.
The card is non-functional.
I got an unexpected charge on my transfers. How can I correct this?
A withdrawal is showing that I don't recognize
Can you freeze my account?  I just saw there are transactions on my account that I don't recognize.  How can I fix this?
can I link a card of yours I already have?
Why isn't the transfer to my account showing up?
I am trying to exchange crypto and it's not working. Tell me how to fix this.
What is the significance of verifying the top-up?
My card was stolen last night.
What do I need in regards to identification?
where do i find out about exchange fees
Since my card is about to expire, I need a new one.
i need to proof my identity to you why and how?
The ATM would not give me cash,why?
How do I activate my card to start using it?
I really need to know how to change my pin.
What is the most amount of disposable cards allowable?
How do I set up my card PIN?
After putting in the wrong PIN too many times, I was blocked. Can you assist me in changing it?
Is there a way to order a new card while in China?
What is the maximum number of transactions I can do with a disposable card?
My passcode won't work.
Why can't I withdraw cash from this ATM?
How long does it take to process transfers from Europe?
Why do you need to check my identity?
What are the steps to change my PIN to something else?
How long does a payment usually show as pending? Is it normal that mine is still pending?
I purchased this item and would like a refund
How long should I wait for the card to arrive?
What's the limit on automatic top-up?
What reasons would cause my card payment to be cancelled?
Why am I not able to withdraw cash from this ATM?
Can I make an account for my daughter?
the exchange rate I got for cash was wrong
Is there a top up limit for my account?
What should I expect to be charged on a SEPA transfer?
why would i be declined if i had money iin my account
When are you going to activate my card?
I have used all of my PIN tries. What should I do now?
How can I sign up for a virtual card?
how can i change my details
The activation process did not work, please help?
How much does a transfer cost?
How many days does it take for a transfer to go through?
why do I need to show ID
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it wouldn't stop saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
My account is blocked because I entered the wrong pin too many times.  Help me unblock.
How many transactions can I do with a disposable card?
Can I get a new pin number at any ATM using my card?
Can I have money in more than one currency in my account?
I need support options, I want to top my card
I need more money in my account. Can I add more by transferring?
Around one or two weeks ago I purchased something but there's seems to be an issue. I have already received one of the items, but today the money was placed back into my account. What is happening?
My address is incorrect on my file.
For some reason, the virtual card won't work for me.
Which ATMs accept this bill of fare ?
How can I fix my card, it got declined twice.
Can I use my bank account to send me more money?
help me find where this money came from
I blocked my card by mistake, how do I unblock it?
The app reverted my top off.
Why is my top-up showing as cancelled?
Where can I find an ATM?
Can I get some money exchanged?
Why was I charged a fee for my withdrawal?
Balance hasn't been updated following a bank transfer
Is there a fee for using a European bank card to top up?
I cannot make a transfer to another account.
is apple pay a top up service?
I need quickly transfer something from China. About how long will it take?
I live in America, but I would like a card.
The app passcode has completely slipped my mind.
Will declined funds I tried to withdraw be returned to me?
My card was taken from me
Hello, I was contacted by a seller who let me know my money didn't come through on their side. It most certainly came out of my account so I need this looked at immediately because now it has been returned to me!
Can I purchase extra non-virtual cards?
something is wrong with my exchange rate charge
Transaction refund missing from my statement.
How long will it take for me to get my card?
What is the payment in my account that I did not do?
I do not understand why there is a pending 1£ charge on my statement, I do not recall making this transaction. Can you please tell me what this is about?
How can I transfer money using my credit card?
Can my children open an account?
How do you do exchanges?
How many purchases can I make with one disposable card?
If I want a physical card, do I have to pay anything?
I am extremely unhappy with this app and want to get rid of my account?
Why was my account assessed a fee for an ATM transaction?
I can't find my card!  What should I do?
Does Apple Watch support the topping-off of my account?
Which countries do you support?
Is there something wrong with the transferring functions? I keep trying to transfer funds and only get an error message.
Do you allow currency exchanges?
So my top-up failed, could you tell me why?
My cash withdrawal is still showing as pending.
The app does not recognize who I am.
How do I update my PIN to a new number?
Why do I see an extra €1 charge on my statement?
How can I create another card linked to this account?
I'm running out of money, can I  auto top up?
Is there an extra fee for using an ATM?
Why can't I see my refund in my statement?
Will I get charged for sending out more cards?
What stipulations do disposable cards entail?
Transferring money in 2018 to another country shouldn't take this long. My transfer has been pending for too long. I verified my account details are correct.
When will money be available in my account?
I cannot get my disposable virtual card to work
My card doesn't seem to work.
Can i set up an auto top-up?
How to edit personal details?
Someone has been using my card. There are unfamiliar transactions on there. Can you freeze the card to keep this from happening?
How can I get additional cards?
Where can the card be used?
My card has an expiration date, will you send a new one automatically?
i tried using a virtual card for a hotel but it didn't work, why not
Would it be possible to get another card?
Can my account be topped-up by friends of mine.
I see a transfer fee, but to my understand, that should have been free, what happened?
How can I add a new card?
I need a list of currencies you accept for exchange.
Can I use my account even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
Can I use my account without verifying identity?
Is it possible to top up with Apple Pay?
I want to open an account for my child.
how much do you charge to accept transfers
How do I find out my source of funds?
I tried topping up my account but it failed, can you help me?
The disposable cards, what are they for?
Are there cash machines where I can change my PIN?
How do I transfer money to my account?
I didn't make a payment that shows in my app.
I don't think the transaction has gone through, so can I cancel a transfer?
How can I get a new card ASAP to replace an old, soon to expire one?
Please help revert my transaction from this morning.
Can this app help me exchange currencies?
left phone at hotel, how to access app
This company is bad, please delete my account.
You shorted me money when I tried to make a withdrawal.
I would like to reactivate my card that I previously reported lost. I located the card this morning.
I was double-charged for a transaction
I transfered my balance a while back.  Why doesn't my account reflect this?
How long will the $1 charge show as pending?
Am I able to choose my card?
Why can't a beneficiary receive a money transfer from me?
Why does my statement have an extra fee?
Tell me how to verify a top up.
Where can I find the verification code for a top-up?
Where can I link a new card?
Someone stole my wallet earlier today, not sure exactly when, probably on Piccadilly circus. Can you check if there were any attempts to use the card and obviously block it?
Can i receive transfers from my employer this way?
What's the limit to how much I can top up?
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. What's going on with this?
your company is awful, i would like to delete my account please
The money has not yet been placed in recipients account.
My app shows a payment I didn't make
Money is not in recipients account.
How many cards can I have?
Can you tell me what currency I can have?
My friend deposited $100 into my account, but it is not showing up!
should i contact customer support if i can't edit details
Are there going to be fees from adding money with an international card?
Is topping up with Apple Pay possible?
I looked on the app and it says I withdrew cash.  I didn't!
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards per day?
Why hasn't my transfer from Europe gone through?
The app doesn't recognize me.
Do you charge a fee for topping up a card?
I really was trying to complete this exhange. I was trying to purchase some crypto but the app won't allow me to do it. Can you tell me what's going on here?
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transfer.
Why did I get charged a fee on my card?
When will my card arrive?
Hello. I tried doing a topup and I thought it worked, but now the money is no longer in my account. Can you explain?
What is this fee for card payment?
Whats the limit on my top up
My card gets rejected when I try to use it
Why can't I find my PIN?
Please help in finding my card PIN, thank you!
Why was my card payment reverted?
I just got a new card how do I get it to start working?
I deposited money but my balance hasn't been updated yet.
Is ordering a new card from China available?
When will my new card be delivered?
Can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
I think my child used my card while I wasn't home.
My app was on the phone and I was mugged.  What do I do?
I normally don't use ATMs, but I was in a rush today and had to withdraw some cash. The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money and now my app is not showing the same amount as it should. What do I do?
Problem with my top up going through
My transfer keeps failing and I just want to transfer the money can you please make it work?
Is it possible to get both a Visa and a Mastercard?
I'm still waiting on my card to be delivered.
I'm still waiting for my card that was issued a week ago. What should I do?
Why is the payment showing as pending from things I bought this morning?
Why am I being charged for the same thing twice?
Is auto top up available?
Where can I find the "auto-top" feature?
I don't see the verification code for my card transfer.
So, the card PIN?
My transfer was declined. Why did this happen?
Why has my transfer failed?
I see what looks like duplicate charges on account.
I would like my money back for an item I purchased
I think someone copied the numbers on my card and is using them.
What should I do if I see a payment I didn't make?
I am dissatisfied, I would like to close my account.
I got mugged yesterday and can't use the app.
Is it possible to top up using a cheque?
Is it possible to get a card outside the UK?
Is there an additional charge for topping up using a European card?
How come I didn't get a virtual card yet?
Why am I unable to withdraw my money through this card?
My money I added isn't on my card.
I would like to top up my account with a bank transfer, is that allowed?
What to do if my physical card is not working?
I need to know what's going on. I was under the impression you offered cryto top up which doesn't seem to be working and money has just vanished from my account.
Can you issue both a Visa and a Mastercard to me?
If there isn't much money left can it automatically top-up?
Is my card activated?
Can I transfer my payroll to the bank?
Why didn;t my payment work
My card stopped working
I didn't make this direct debit transaction
Why is there a fee when I thought there would be no fees?
My cash withdrawl was declined why?
How long does it take for my top up to clear?
Where's the verification code for the top-up card?
Can you explain the transfer fee to me?
I just got a card, how can I add it to the app?
Is there a reason I was charged an extra fee for using the ATM?
How long does it take for the money to show up in my account?
What form of payments can I use for topping up?
Where is my cash deposit?
Can I have it delivered on the date I need it delivered?
how to get virtual card
I am still waiting for my card after 1 week.  Is this ok?
my phone is gone
The app doesn't know it's me.
Why has my card payment not yet been applied to my account?
What are the steps that I need to take to activate a new card?
How can I change the PIN?  Do I have to go to a real bank?
My new card needs activating.
I have not seen any changes in my account balance(s) after making a transfer.
I could not transfer to a beneficiary
what I need to verify my account
How come you need to know my identity?
Where are my funds being sourced from?
What happened to my Top-Up? It's not reflected.
A transfer was not allowed to an account.
I don't know what my passcode is, can you help?
What may be the reason that my transfer did not go through?
I'm starting to think my card is lost because it still hasn't arrived, can you help?
I was attempting to top up with my card but the money has vanished!
How can I receive verification for the source of my funds?
What countries can I travel to and have access to their currencies?
I couldn't make a transfer
I would like to get some extra cards?
How can I change my old pin to a new one?
I got a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
Yesterday, I made an incorrect payment to the wrong account for my rent payment. I need this addressed as soon as possible and the funds transferred to the correct account by no later than tomorrow.
My top-up is still pending
The exchange rate for foreign ATM currency is wrong.
I have a charge I did not make.
How do I find my card PIN?
The rate of exchange for my cash withdrawal is wrong.
I want to end my account
When I got cash, my exchange rate was off.
It's been over a month and i still haven't received my goods! I ordered a pencil for crying out loud, it's not that hard to deliver that! I'm done with these people, give me a refund immediately! I'll search for my Japanese exclusive pencil elsewhere!
How can I use American Express to add funds to my account?
Does it cost me to add cash?
I still haven't received my card in the mail
Why is the cash withdrawal under pending?
Why is verification for my identity needed?
Its been several days and my cash withdrawal is still pending. Why?
What is the point of an identity check?
what is the limit for top-ups?
I asked for more cash than what was received
Please help me find my top-up verification code
I'd rather get a Mastercard
How can I withdraw money?
Is my card working? It's the first time I tried using it I tried to get money out of an ATM, but got nothing.
I transferred some money but it hasn't arrived yet
Why am I charged a fee when using my debit or credit card?
Why do my transfers keep failing?
How many disposable cards am I allowed to have?
Can I change my card PIN?
Do you offer cards for those in other countries?
My topup got reverted. Please let me know if there is any issue in system.
Which ATM's am i able to change my PIN?
Can you explain the disposable cards to me?
My card payment reverted back, I think.
I don't understand how to top up my account, can you please explain the process?
Explain the extra fee on my card when paying.
I made a purchase with my card and I was charged a fee for using it
Where do I go if I want to link my new card?
If US cards have a top up charge, what is it?
I was declined a transfer
Why isn't my transfer going through? I get a message saying it's not possible. I've had no issues in the past.
Can I create my own top-up limit?
A foreign purchase I made has the incorrect rate applied to it.
I checked my account today and it said I was out of money. How do I transfer money into my account?
Why did my transfer not work, it says it was declined?
my refund has not hit my account yet
There was a canceled payment for my card.
When should I expect my card to arrive?
When I was in a restaurant today my card was declined and payment wouldn't go through and I need help. Can you fix this?
Do I need to add my salary?
How much is ok for me to top up with?
What is the process to get a new card when your old one expires?
Why does is payment not going through? Did my account get frozen or some other issue I don't know about. What can I do to fix this problem?
Money transfer help? How long?
I want my card frozen right away. Money was taken out in an odd location I have never heard of.
Tell me why my card payment was declined.
Can I verify my identity online?
I made a check and cash deposit that wasn't credited to my account.
I think someone is using my card to make transactions I don't remember.
When will my top-up process?
I transferred money and was charged and want to know why.
Is there a maximum amount of top-ups?
I don't know what's wrong with my card, but it has not worked at multiple places today.
When I tried to top up using my card, all of the money disappeared.
I tried activation my card and it didn't employment
My card is needed soon
I made an international purchase, but the exchange rate was wrong
How old do you need to be to use the banks services?
What kind of fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
Can I have another card in addition to my first one?
What is the fee on my statement for?
What should I do if the atm eats my card?
They charged me wrong for a currency exchange on a purchase.
I think the currency exchange that's been applied is wrong.
If my card payment isn't working what do I do?
Why did the top-up fail?
What is the proper way to activate a card?
I don't know if I made this payment on my card.
Reverted top up
I tried to buy something online yesterday and was told declined. I got the same error today after trying again. What is the problem?
The seller of the items I bought online the other day hasn't received the EU transfer yet. How long do these usually take?
Why did I not get my cash back after I withdrew?
How do i verify my card?
How can I tell if there will be a fee added to my payment or not?
Hello, My money went through for my purchase but now I got contacted from the seller noting that they didn't receive it. Then the money was returned to my account and I'm not sure why this occurred. So if you can resolve this issue please.
I might have been charged on my debit statement by fraud.
Do you know why my contactless won't work?
How old do I have to be?
It's been a week and I have done everything that I was asked to do and still nothing. I have contacted the seller and have not gotten a response. Please understand my frustration and put the money back in my account.
use my credit to add money
how do i get a refund for a direct debit payment i didn't make
I have transfered to my account before but it is being declined now?
What happens if I forget my PIN?
My ID verification hasn't gone through yet, but can I use my account anyway?
Why did my transfer not work?
My card was declined
What do I need to show who I am?
Does the exchange rate change each day for purchases? There is a different rate on my purchase.
I thought cash withdrawals didn't have a fee
Will I see fees from adding money with an international card?
I'm locked out of my account as I can't remember my code, what do I do now?
What is the maximum I can top up?
How do I get a refund for an item I bought?
There appears to have been a reversion in my top up
lost phone, can i still access account?
Are virtual cards available to get?
Why are you not accepting my transfer!! I've tried a couple times already now and it just keeps showing an error message
Which cards do you support for top up?
If I can't choose my card type will I be able to use it everywhere?
The exchange rate for my withdrawal was wrong.
Does it matter which card I use
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment on my account is for.
My card is due to expire
I used my card for a purchase and was charged a fee
I didn't know I was going to get charged to use my card.
My card will not work
The application reverted my top-up.
Can I use this all over the world?
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money off my card?
I can't verify identity through the app.
still waiting on that card
I've notice I was charged for withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
My card activation attempt failed.
Why do I see a random withdrawal in my app?
My card got stuck in an ATM.
Why did I get charged a fee for my card payment?
What's going on? I was just recently charged for an ATM withdrawal. I've never seen this charge before and before it's always been free.
How do I get my disposable virtual card to work?
I would like to use top-up with my Apple Pay.
There is a missing transfer on my account
DO you know the reason for the identity check?
I want a new card
I don't know where my phone is.
How do i request more physical cards?
Under what condition will my payment revert?
where do I go to top up with cash?
Whats wrong with my currency exchange?
Are there any limits to were my card is accepted?
Transfers from the US how long will the wait be?
I lost my passcode.
Where is the refund on my statement?
Where can I find how to change my name?
Is there a limit on making disposable cards?
What are the steps for the identity checks?
When I was drunk I got my card stuck in your machine because i mis-typed my PIN. What do I need to do to get it restored?
I am unable to use my card.
How can I resolve a problem where my card won't go through at all?
Will you please help me get my card back?
Do ATM cash withdrawals carry a charge now? They've been free in the past, but all of a sudden I have to pay to make ATM withdrawals?
Do I need to re-apply to order a new card when my old one's about to expire?
Why is a payment I made reverted back to my account?
Can you give me a visa?
How do I use auto top up?
What is going on? My balance still hasn't updated and it has been two weeks since I deposited my money!
How do i set up auto top-up?
Tell my why my top-up is pending.
My card's expiring, what happens now?
I am suppose to be getting a refund from something I purchased but it hasn't showed up in my account.
My balance was not updated after transferring money.
I was getting some cash out of the ATM but it cancelled on me without warning.
I am waiting patiently for a week now for the seller to get back to me and there has been no response, could you please help me further with getting my money back.  Thank you.
How long will an urgent transfer from China take?
The card that I have isn't working. This is the physical card.
I believe you charged me too much to exchange my money
Do I have to manually top-up my account each time or will it do it on its own?
What transfer methods do you accept?
How many payments can I make using a virtual card?
My credit card did not go through. Can you see if it has insufficient funds?
Hi,  Is there any problem with app? As i am facing some issues with the exchange of crypto currency. I am extremely interested in buying.
I can't find my password
Does my PIN come with my card?
I paid with my card and I was charged a fee
What's the fee for exchange of foreign currencies?
I'd like to make a SEPA transfer to my account, but will I be charged?
I purchased something about one to two weeks ago but for some reason the payment was returned to my account today even though I've already received one of the items. Can you tell me what's going on?
I must change my PIN as soon as possible.
Apple watch top up help, please?
I tried to send someone money but they haven't received it.
I was charged a fee when buying stuff with my card.
How can I change my PIN?  Help.
I need a new Pin how do I go about that?
I will not be able to verify my identity.
Can I reset my PIN if it is blocked?
My top-up didn't go through; it still says pending. What's up with that?
I just realized I made the wrong transaction yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow Please.
I made a purchase a few weeks ago but wasn't happy with it so recently requested a refund from the supplier.  Can you check where the money is?
I want to top up my account by a bank transfer, but will I be charged?
Can I top up my account with a check?
How can i get multiple disposble cards.
Someone has a copy of my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Help me.
My transfer was rejected
After depositing a cheque my balance did not change.
I need help finding the verification code for my top-up card.
I tried to do a transfer and it's saying it declined.
Please tell me how I can get a virtual card.
I double checked that I have the correct account details , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. What should be done now?
What are the disposable card limits?
Why have I been charged twice for the same transaction?
What happened to my top-up? It was all done and now it's gone! Are you having problems with your system?
I got an cancellation error when I was topping up.
I swear that there are 2 payments on the app that I didn't make.  Could my card me stolen?  Please advise what I should do.
Can you assist me with unblocking my PIN? I put it in wrong too many times.
Will I be charged for topping up by card?
why do I have to show my ID
why must I prove ID
What should I do?  I topped off but the app reversed  it.
I need to refund my item, can you please help?
I noticed an extra fee when I paid with my card.
My PIN tries have run out. Now what?
Is it possible for me to get money out in a different currency?
I need my PIN
I checked the app and there is a payment that I don't recognize.
How old does one need to be?
I couldnt get cash in an ATM
My card was stolen
What is the wait time until money reaches my account?
I put money into my account for the minimum balance but the application didn't accept.
There's an error with the rate that is charged.
Why is the payment I made still pending?
My recent transfer didn't go through - why not?
Can I have a new card shipped to China?
Can I use my virtual card to complete transactions for memberships?
What's the limit on total number of cards I can have?
Unknown direct deposit
How long should it take for my top-up to finish? I've been waiting a while.
When do I set up my card PIN?
I want one of the virtual cards!
How much are the fees for adding funds using an international card?
My phone was stolen! What do I need to do?
how to delete account, not happy
Why is a money transfer not showing?
What is the procedure for depositing a virtual card
I need to know the cost and when I will receive a new card to replace an old one.
Can I hold money in multiple currencies?
The atm didn'y give me all the cash
I had to pay money for paying with my card.
How is my money transferred to the account
why did i get declined transfer
I tried to buy something over the Internet yesterday and got a declined error. I tried again today and got the same message. What is the issue?
can I choose delivery times to suite me?
I need some help figuring out what this strange payment is on my account. It's stays pending and won't go away.
Hi! I'm a university student studying abroad and I noticed that when I was trying to cross-reference my budget for this month that there were extra fees I was not expecting. Why is that? I've had this account for years and I haven't had any trouble so far, it might not even be on your all's end since I'm still new to international travel and finance, but I wanted to double check in case a mistake was made!
What steps do I take to verify my identity?
For my account, how do I transfer money in?
Why am I being asked to have an identity check
Can I exchange money from abroad without additional costs?
Can I transfer money to my card via bank-transfer?
How can I tell what the limit is to top-ups?
Is it possible to obtain both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
I believe my top up did not work.
Why can't I get cash out?
I don't recognize this payment
I'm interested in what your exchange rates are based on.
How do I get the contactless feature to work for my card?
What should I do if my physical card isn't working?
I got 2 transfer fees and I thought transfers were free.
There is a strange payment on my statement. What should I do?
What is the difference between standard and express delivery?
My card was lost on vacation, I don't know where it is. Can you help me take care of this immediately?
The app is showing a direct debit transaction that I did not perform
Can my children get an account?
Why is it taking so long for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
How come I can't take money out of the ATM?
I have been waiting longer than expected for my bank card, could you provide information on when it will arrive?
Ive been trying to use my card for two weeks now to purchase somethings online but nothing is going through. It keeps returning my payment to my account. There shouldn't be anything wrong with my account, is it the card?
I was at the ATM trying to made a withdraw and I was declined.
Should my cash withdrawal still be pending?
I did not make a direct debit payment as listed on my app
Can I use my social security card as a form of identity?
When are you going to transfer the money?
I requested a refund from a merchant a while ago, and upon repeatedly checking my statement, the merchant has yet to refund me my money.  I don't know what's going on, or why the money is getting into my account--could you please help?
I have waited 15 days, but my payment still hasn't cleared.
How can I close my account?
I tried using my ATM card at your Notting Hill location today.  It did not work.  Am I doing something wrong?
I was charged a transfer fee, why is that?
My phone was left at a hotel and I can't access the app.
Can you tell me why I noticed a $1 charge on my statement?
What do I have to do to get a Visa credit card?
I got $20 when I should've gotten $100
Why did I get a fee for getting cash?
Do you charge for sending more cards?
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
It's been some time since refilled the top-up.
If you send me more cards, are there any charges?
I need to cancel a transaction immediately.
Tell me if there are any top-up limits?
Why is the purchase I made this morning still pending?
I received a returned payment that I made.
what's the process for getting a disposable virtual card?
My phone was left behind.  Can I still use my card?
What's the wait time for European transfers?
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, turns out the payment kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
my phone was lost
Can I exchange currencies with my account?
Where can I find out where my funds came from?
What do I need to do for a PIN?
Was my top up reversed?
will i be able to open an account for my daughter
I just have one other card from the US. Is that okay?
I want to top up by transfering accounts, What do I do?
I see a strange payment in my account.
The incorrect rate was used in my foreign purchase
My identity verification is not working.
Can I have more disposable cards?
I can't add any more money.
I can not get the app to know it is me.
Can you tell me the limits for top ups?
do i need to wait to get my card before getting a pin
Help me close my account.
I'm pretty sure my top up failed. How do I fix this?
Something went wrong with my withdrawal. The amount of money isn't right.
Are there any specific ATMs that this card can be used at?
I placed my order a week ago. Is it ok that my card isn't here yet?
What is the expected delivery date for my card?
What's the time frame on EU transfers? I purchased something a couple of days ago but the seller hasn't received my payment.
What is happening?  I have tried to transfer money 5x already.  Is the system down?  This shouldnt be happening as this is a basic transfer.
How can I tell if someone else is using my card?
please tell me why my top-up failed.
what are the reasons why you would not be able to process a payment
What can I do with a disposable virtual card?
Hello. I just noticed I was charged two times for a restaurant I visited this week. Can you reverse the additional charge?
Why has my top-up not worked?
I have a trasnger that is pending and wondered about it.
What are the charges for topping up US card?
Do you offer disposable virtual cards too?
Can I get my salary through this?
Will my transfer be done soon?
There is a transaction for $1 and I don't know why it was charged.
I can't do any business with this virtual card.
Where did the  €1 fee in my statement come from
Can I top up my account with Google Pay?
Do you think you're asking for too much information about me?
why hasn't my top up gone through yet
I topped up but it isn't in my account
How much can I withdrawal in one month without incurring fees?
Is there a reason a payment is showing complete on my side but the person who is receiving it has not gotten it?
How do I know if i need a disposable card?
Last Saturday, I was charged extra for the exchange rate on my payment. Is something wrong?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up. I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Would you please help me get the money back from the seller.
I checked the app and my balance has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
Still waiting for transfer to be completed.
Can my friends top up my account?
I think my top-up was cancelled.
I have exceeded the number of PIN attempts
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiary
How do I link the new card?
Is there extra fees for making a withdraw in a different country at a cash machine.
Can I use my new card?
Why did I have to pay a fee when I got cash?
do I need to verify my identity every time I log into my account?
Why did the bank reject my transfer?
After looking at the app I noticed a couple of payments I know I did not make. Is it possible someone has accessed my card? What is actually going on?
I need to use a European card for a top up, what will the charge be?
Canceling my order is what I need to do right now.
Where is the money I topped off with?
It seems I need to get information on limits for top-ups.
I made a transfer and it doesnt' show up in my account.
What are the age requirements for opening an account?
How do I get selected for a visa card?
My latest payment was declined, I was told everything was back to working order. What happened?
I'm still waiting on my identity verification.
Why couldn't I do a transfer to a beneficiary?
I attempted to enter my pin to many times.
I would like my refund for this item I bought.
I've received my card so now I need to know how to sync it to the app.
How can I use American Express to add money to my account?
Help me find my card pin!
I think there has been a mistake with my transfer
May I get one of your cards?  I live in the EU.
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not make by me .Never seen that it before.
Hi I'm sending some money over to an investment bank I do business and the transaction is being rejected. I'm not sure why as I think I have the right details.
My card is almost expired.  How fast will I get a new one and what is the cost?
I believe my card payment has reverted
I want to cancel a transaction.
Hello, Just now i got to know withdrawal of money from of my account. As someone used my card to withdraw amount in any odd remote area. Since i have not been in that area, please freeze my card immediately.
I'm due a refund and it is not on my statement.
Is there a reason why my virtual card won't work?
My transfer failed
Why is my cash still pending that I put in ATM?
Where do I activate my card?
I topped up my account and even though it was confirmed at first, the money isn't there anymore! why did this happen, and where did my money go?
I bought something but now I would like a refund. How do I do that?
How much time do transfers typically take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
I purchased something while traveling, and the exchange rate applied was wrong.
Would I have to pay anything if I need an additional card?
I urgently need to transfer something from China. How long can I expect it to take?
I lost my card
My PIN got blocked, help.
Why doesn't it show that I did a balance transfer?
I saw I was charged extra for money I withdrew?
Hello, I tried to take out some money out of the ATM, but it's still showing that it's pending? I really don't want to be charged for this.
I'm at the ATM right now and it only allowed me to withdraw 10 pounds instead of my requested 30. What's going on? How can I fix this?
How do I activate my card so I can start using it?
My card has not arrived yet, where is it?
My card couldn't complete a transfer, why?
Will I be charged if I use European bank card for top up?
Why isn't my refund shown on my statement?
I noticed an extra $1 charge on my statement, can you tell me why that is?
Will you charge an extra fee for top ups?
I can't use my card because it is not working.
There are some payments with my card that I don't know where they are coming from. Just checked today and it's been since a couple days as well! What to I do? Can I revert this retrospectively? My card needs to be frozen immediately as well!
I have completed a transfer but it is not showing up.
Is it possible to get a new card in China?
How long will my top-up stay pending?
I want to add money but don't know what currencies you accept, can you tell me?
Why do you need me to verify who I am?
Where can I modify my information?
For some reason my card payment hasn't worked. what can I do to look into that?
What are the steps to activating a new card?
Hi, I made a transfer from France two days ago and thought it would be here by now. Can you give me an update please?
I want to transfer money into my account, what do I do?
I would like to exchange currencies, how do I go upon it?
how can i get it to add money automatically while travelling
My account balance has not updated since I deposited a cheque recently.
Can you tell me when my money transfer will go through
Can you explain the transfer fee that I was charged?
I am chatting about an order from a long while back.  I never got it to this day and am deeply upset by this!  I want all of my money back!  I just can not accept paying for something I never got.
I didn't cancel my top-up.
Help Me!  I lost my card.  What should I do?
Am I able to have a card sent to China?
What is taking so long with my refund?
How can I unblock a blocked pin number for my account?
Is there a reason my payment is still pending?
I have an outgoing transaction
Am I able to change my PIN at any cash machines?
Help!  The app says I took out cash but I didn't!
How can I get a refund for a purchase?
I just noticed my transfer was declined and I don't know why. Can you help me?
How young can someone be in order to open an account?
How long does it take for me to get my new card?
How do I find out what countries you service and what countries you do not?
One of my card payments looks like it's stuck but I have made the payment days ago. How long until the payment will be applied to my account?
I did transfer, why is it pending
There is a payment in the app I did not make
It looks like a payment I've made hasn't made it through yet.
There are transactions that I don't recognize. What do I do if I think someone is using my card?
Why is there a $1 charge on my statement?
I made a deposit and the balance hasn't been updated.
My card is showing the same transaction over and over again.
Why didn't my transfer work?
How can I reset my PIN?
Why can't I buy cryptocurrency on the app?
A few weeks ago, a strange transaction was made on my account by a seller I don't know. I am quite sure I didn't do it and will like for you to check it for me.
I would like to retract my purchase.
Can you change my currency to EUR?
Your service is bad.  Close my account.
There are two of the same charge on my statement.
I need another card for a member of my family. Is this possible? How soon can I get one?
As I double checked that I have the correct account details that i submitted , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending so far.
is there a way i can see source of money?
Topping up my card is not working because I believe the top up is pending
why are all my identity details required
Please delete my account now.
The past few times I've been to the ATM, I was charged a withdrawal fee. Have your policies changed regarding fees?
I like to Mastercard rather than Visa.
Can I pay more to get it deliver quicker?
What's the process for topping up my card?
There is a direct debit payment that I did not make.
My new landlord says he hasn't received the rent payment that I transferred a couple days ago. I've already checked the account numbers and they are correct. Can you tell me what's going on with this transaction that the transfer isn't showing up on my landlord's end?
What happened! I asked for 30 pounds at your ATM and only go 10. The machine lied about it too. It said I received the full 30 pounds. Someone better help me asap on this.
Can you please disable my current account.
I cannot see a refund in my account
What currencies do you accept to add money?
What process should I use to transfer money into my account?
My payment came back for something i'm trying to buy online? it's been doing it for two weeks.  do you know what the issue is?
I transferred the rent payment for my new place a couple days ago but the landlord says it's not there yet, despite showing up as done on my side. I checked the account number I sent it to and it's definitely correct. Can you please verify if the transaction really went through or not?
Are you able to unblock my pin?
I haven't been sent my new pin!
It looks like the exchange rates on my card payment are wrong
How many top-ups can be approved?
Where'd the rest of my cash go from the ATM
Hi, I had an issue with my card payment and It shows on my account that my payment went through. Then I got contacted from the seller saying "they did not receive my payment" then the payment was returned to my account. so I would like to see why it did that please.
What do I do if I can't access the app?
My product hasn't arrived even though I ordered it a while ago. I want a refund!
What businesses accept my card?
What should I do to top up using my Apple Watch?
I submitted my transfer but it has been pending for quite a while and I was wondering what takes so long? why hasn't it completed
I hate this ATM, it charged me an extra fee, Why did it charge?
How come I can't seem to verify my id?
Is there a verification code for top-ups?
My refund is missing from my statement.
How do I sign up for a card if I'm in America?
My card wasn't working in a shop
Are these cards available in europe?
Why was I declined at the ATM today when I was trying to make a withdraw?
I have a payment that has not gone through yet
I did not receive the correct amount of cash.
Should my top-up be completed by now?
I would like to change my adress
Tell me about the card PIN?
What should I do if my card is missing?
Hey I thought transfers were free.  Why are you charging me?
An ATM fee was attached to my recent withdrawal.
Is there a possibility to open an account for my sons and daughters?
The exchange rate given to me wasn't correct, after i purchased an item
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash
I was charged for a cash withdrawal, why?
I have been overcharged. I just changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it was too much. It seems something was wrong with my exchange.
I did a transfer.  What is the extra fee?
What do I do if my phone is stolen?
How does tranferring money into my account work?
I used my card to make a payment and wondered why the payment was reverted?
Can I order a card?
My job requires me to do a lot of exchanging currency, and I was wondering about any possible discounts or lower prices.
I don't recognize some transactions.  Is someone else using it?
How do I change my passcode?
How much does it cost to do a transfer?
Why do we need to verify a top-up card?
Why was I chaged twice for the same thing?
My top-up was supposed to be done, but now the money is gone! Is there a glitch in your system?
How long for money transfer to show?
When will my top up be applied?
Can I use it outside of Europe?
My cash deposit isn't in my account. What happened?
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's happenning with this, does someone has access to my card?!
I want to change my account details.
I was charged more than once for a card payment I made.
What card or currency can I use to pay?
Using Google Pay, can I top up?
I want to know if there is a maximum I can top up.
Is identity verification required for me to use my account?
What is the process for activating my new card?
Does it cost money to top up?
What do I do if I think my card was improperly used?
I forgot my pin and am blocked now. Can I reset it somewhere?
Is there a fee to exchange foreign money?
I accidentally chose to exchange GBP, but I need to pick AUD. How can I change it?
the exchange rate at which my card payment is at is wrong
There is a cash withdrawl I don't remember.
Are cards available in the EU?
I want a refund on the things i bought
Hi, I am facing issue with my card payment while shopping online as payment is getting reverted. I am struggling with this issue around two weeks. Please advise.
how can i exchange currencies
A transaction I did to my friend hasn't arrived yet, why?
Are top-ups unlimited?
How do I reset my PIN?
How do I set a new pin?
I looked at my statement and found a payment I and found a mistake.
How do I change my information?
For some reason I forgot the passcode I have.
What countries are you located in?
Why was my transaction declined?
there is money in my account that i didnt put there
Why is my card payment showing as pending?
I dont see my reciept
What are the top up charges for all US cards?
Help me access the card I already got so I can information from it.
Why isn't my refund showing up in my statement?
Please help me in this, as i was unable to make any payment by my new card,  it was getting declined repeatedly. I am not very happy with this incident.
How do I query a payment on my card? It looks like I have paid for the same thing twice.
Where can i find the virtual card?
I couldn't do a transfer to an account
Is there a top-up fee if you add money in USD?
So, I was just charged for my recent ATM withdrawal and any withdrawal prior to this has been free. What is the issue here?
my google pay seems to be acting up.
Where is my credit card that was to be mailed?
i noticed that the funds were returned to my bank account. What happened?
My payment has been declined, I thought this issue was fixed!
Which part of the app do I order virtual cards from?
Are there any sort of fees involved for top of transfers?
Will my GPB update my salary
Please help me change my PIN.
I understand that this is extremely late. After going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a large charge that I'm sure I did not make. Is there anyway I can still dispute this?
What is the procedure to transfer money to my account?
How can it be that my Card is not functioning anymore?
My billing address changed and I need to update my information.
What are the steps to finishing up with this account?
Can I verify my top-up card?
Can I use my American Express card with Apple Pay?
What steps must I follow to get a Visa credit card?
Why is the pending status on my cash withdrawal taking so long?
I was under the impression that transfers were going to be free and here I was charged for something I bought overseas!  I don't think this fee is right
I've used my account frequently over the last month to manage my payments from abroad for my new place. I noticed that my fees have suddenly increased. As a frequent customer, shouldn't I be rewarded rather than suddenly being subject to a new fee?
I have made a card payment but it did not completed still showing as pending. Please tell me when it will be completed.
What credit cards do you carry
How do I change currencies to euros?
I entered the pin incorrectly too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help?
Tell me why I need top-up to be verified?
The exchange rate is incorrect on an item I recently purchased in a foreign country.
How can I check on the delivery status of my card?
Where do I go to terminate my account?
How can I create many temporary cards daily?
My money is all gone. What ways are okay to add money to my account?
Why does my card continually get declined? I thought I had enough money in there but I've tried several times now and it still isn't working.
Could you please tell me your exchange rates?
Will I need a new card or can I put my old card back into the app?
I have been doing some online shopping, but when checking out, it keeps getting declined. I tried a few times and it wouldn't work. What could be wrong?
Do you know what the restriction of the disposable cards are?
My card didn't work in one of the shops.
Is there a charge for getting my money?
Where can I get a card in the EU?
I put some cash into my account but it's not displaying that on my balance.
What do I do about a debit on my account that I didn't make?
I think someone might have a copy of my card because a 500 dollar withdrawal was made, and it wasn't me. Can you please help?
In regards to top-ups, can I do them via Google Pay?
I got cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
Will I get Visa or MasterCard?
atm would not give me cash
I shouldn't be charged any fee for transferring .
I'm having problems with ID verification
Am I able to top up with this cheque I received?
How do I top-up while traveling?
I made a terrible mistake when typing in my account number.  I accidently sent money to the wrong account.  I noticed the app won't allow me to void the transaction.  Can someone help me with this immediately?
I don't live in the UK. Can I still get a card?
What's the process for ID verification?
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take it?
Is there a list of ATM machines?
I paid for something in foreign currency but noticed the exchange rate is incorrect.
Help please!  My rent payment is coming out tomorrow and I made a payment mistake yesterday! Can you put in in the correct account?
Is it possible to transfer money to my credit card?
Please provide currency exchange rates
I sent a cheque  a few days ago and nothing has happened to my account yet. Can you please check on this for me?
cash from this morning has not deposited
Where do I order a virtual card from?
How do I obtain a second card?
how long does it take to reflect in my balance a top up
Do you send duplicate cards?
do i need to add money before i order a card
I was so embarrassed. Why didn't my payment clear?
Can you explain why I am now getting charged a fee for using my card?
May I have a second card?
The card payment I attempted to make failed.
How long does a transfer transaction take?
When I want to transfer money to my account, how can I do that?
I was trying to purchase some crypto and the app won't allow me to do it. What's the deal with this? I really wanted to complete the exchange.
I was supposed to get a refund but I do not see it on my statement. When is it going to be updated?
I can't get my card to work.
Is it possible to have a second card?
Can this app take my salary?
Why can't I use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account?
what are the steps to activate my card?
I am not able to prove my identity
Can I have a second card?
I would like to refill my account using SWIFT.
Can someone else use my account if they have my phone?  I lost mine.
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and was declined?
I have a payment I didnt make on my account
I did not make a cash withdrawal that is on my statement
What's go on, where is my new card?
Will you deal with SWIFT transfers?
Just received a message that my transfer is not possible??  What is going on.  I have done this before with no issues.
I want a real card
A payment in my account was made by someone I don't know
Is there any place I cannot use my card?
I don't understand why my card payment is pending.  It has been pending for too long.  Why is this and when might it go through?
What are the countries you have offices in?
How can I top-up my card?
I used my card to top up but it's saying it is still pending. What does this mean?
Can i make transactions before identity verification is complete?
I think someone has hacked my card!
Is there a specific source that the exchange rate for the transfer I'm planning on making is pulled from?
How do I go about unlocking a pin?
Can I top up with Google Pay?
I would like to change my name after marriage.
My disposable virtual card is broken.
The app won't let me transfer money to a beneficiary
Somehow I am missing my card.  What should I do?
How do I get my paycheck through this?
Why haven't I received my new card yet?
I'm unhappy with the exchange rate your cash transactions.
How come I was charged extra when I withdrew cash?
Do I have to go to an actual bank to change my PIN?
I need a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
It looks like my top up didn't work.  Why?
I have a cash withdrawal that I do not recognise.
My top up is incomplete.
I'm having difficulties changing AUD for GBP. How do I do this?
Do I need to order a new card if mine is expiring?
Can I change my pin number at a cash machine?
I don't know the code for the app.
Why do you guys need to verify my identity?
Visa and MasterCard, can I get them both?
Why does my transfer say "pending"?
I just transferred some money into my account and do not see it updated yet, can you assist?
Why wont the ATM give me cash?
My refund isn't going fast enough.
Waiting for the cash I deposited this morning still
Is it possible to link a new card?
Will this card work all over the world?
What is a pending cash withdrawal?
Is there a problem with your system being down or something? I have already tried 5 times to issue a standard transfer but I'm getting nowhere.
Hello, in these holidays i have been overcharged on the amount i have withdrawn on one of your ATMs. I did not had any clue about the horrible charges otherwise i would not have withdrawn.
what is the most money i can top up?
I tried activating my plug-in and it didn't piece of work
There is a duplicate charge on my account.
After my card expires what should I do?
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary go through?
What are the charges if I exchange foreign currency?
How do I get my salary through this account?
How do I get a real card?
This is URGENT, I typed the wrong payment information for a payment I needed to make and have clicked send, I need to reverse the transaction immediately.
I purchased something and already received it, why hasn't the money taken out?
Why was I charged for a cash withdrawal at the ATM?
In my statement there is a payment that is I do not recognize
unsupported transfer declined
how does a virtual card work
What do I do if my PIN was blocked?
Do you also have this extra fee on your statement?
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take that?
I am having a slight problem with my American express in apple play, can you help me fix the problem with top up?
HOW DO I TRANSFER MONEY FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT?
How long does a transfer from the US take?
Why is the ATM not allowing me to get cash?
I am from the EU, can I sign up?
I am still waiting for a money transfer to process.
Can I do a bank transfer to put additional money in my account because I am out of money?
What value can I get for my currency?
Why does top-up need verifying?
I would like to know why I was charged twice for my purchase.
How much does it cost to exchange currencies?
I could not access my money at the ATM
How is this transfer supposed to work? It's not working for me.
I am not recognized by the app.
Transfer isn't working?
Why do I have to verify the top-up?
I live in Germany. Is that one of the countries you are in? What other countries are you in?
I made a withdrawal from my account but it has not posted?
Will I receive all the money sent to my account by SEPA transfer?
The cash I got at the ATM is still in my account.
I have a 1 euro fee on my statement.
Why are you charging fees on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after buying groceries. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
I made a deposit but it is not showing up in my balance.
Can you show me how to verify the top-up card?
Why was my PIN blocked?
My credit card seems to have been declined for top up. Why is it not going through? Can you tell me what's going on?
Hi, I used an ATM today to take money out of my account, but the amount it gave me is not the amount I requested. What should I do?
can I have multiple currencies?
How much are the rates of exchange?
I have a transaction that shows several times
How can I top up my card with another card?
I made a transfer from my UK account a couple of hours ago.  Could you please make sure everything went alright.
The app says that I got cash in an ATM and I didn't
I don't find your services useful anymore, how do I delete my account?
My transaction needs to be canceled.
Talk me through modifying my details.
My account has a weird withdrawal.
Hi, I was trying to use my card but it was declining by ATM. I have cross checked with two different ATMs but i was facing the same issue. Could you please check my account.
When can I expect the transfer to arrive in my account?
I topped up but it didn't complete
Why can't I transfer to a beneficiary?
How can I get my card back out?
I would like to know how much I can top-up.
In regards to the PIN of the card?
What exchange rate do you use?
I notice there's a pending payment on my card.
Someone took my card without permission
How do I use cash to top up my account?
what amount of time does it take for a transfer to reflect and be available
I am not able to purchase anything online! I have been using my card on multiple sites over a period of two weeks and none of the payments have gone through. Why is this happening?
How long will my transfer be pending?
Why isn't my purchase exchange rate correct?
What are the steps to verify my identity?
How much can I top-up to my card at a time?
Can I reset my password?  I don't know what it is.
Card activation is not working. What do i do?
Why do I see an extra £1 charge on my statement?
How long does a payment show as pending before i should worry about it?
I'll send a check to top up my account
I believe i was charged for making a withdrawal after i went grocery shopping. Are you guys charging for this now?
Will it cost me to get a second card?
how soon will I see the transfer in my account?
Can you tell me if there are limits to disposable virtual cards?
How do I enable contactless pay?
When will I be able to see my refund?
How do I see my card in the app?
My PIN seems to be blocked, help me access it?
Can I have a supplementary card?
Can i get a throw away card
What's the closest place to withdraw money?
Some idiot stole my card.
I attempted to top-up with my card this morning, but the transaction was unsuccessful. I received the card two days ago and was successful using it previously. Could you please help me?
Can I add money to my account with cash?
Why did the ATM eat my card?
Which fiat currencies do you currently support? Will this change in this future?
Where are you cards supported?
Why won't my card work anymore?
Can someone please help assist me by explaining to me why my pass-code is not working?
Hello, I trying to top up with my card today but it didn't work. When I tried last time it worked but today it isn't. Could you take a look at it for me?
what is a virtual and how do i get one
I just recently got a new beach condo in Bora Bora, and to furnish it I used this account a lot from overseas. It's upsetting, being a long-time customer of yours, that I saw extra fees on my account from my currency transfer. Is this what I should expect from you in the future?
I need info on activating my card?
Why hasnt my top up gone through yet?? I thought it was suppose to be instant? Am I wrong? Why is it still pending?
I got a cheque that I want to top up with?
The ATM kept my card?
I'd like to know what the foreign exchange rate will be.
When I received my money, it was not in the correct amount. The exchange rate was not what it should have been.
Why did the disposable virtual card which I used to pay a gym subscription get denied?
Could you tell me what your exchange rates are?
Paying in card resulted in a fee
My card no longer works.
For SEPA transfers, what kind of charge will be applied?
What's the process to receive a second card?
I'm just wondering when my card will get here.
Can the exchange rate change while I am in the process of making a withdrawal?
Is it possible to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you?
i think someone is using my card to withdraw money. Someone stole my wallet. What can I do? it is urgent.
I used my card to get cash then I was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been charged.
I took out money from the ATM and it's still showing as pending?
What do I need to do to verify the source of my funds?
When will the money reach my  account?
What is the process to change my PIN?
Is there a reason why top-up needs verifying?
Please send me a disposable virtual card.
Can I get a physical card through this app?
I have got out the wrong amount from an ATM. Please tell me the process to get the cash back as in app its showing the amount i have been actually received.
Is my card valid everywhere?
How can I get my money that I didn't get from the ATM?
How are foreign exchange rates determined?
Can I have more than 2 disposable cards?
When will I get a virtual card? I haven't gotten one yet
I took cash and got charged a fee
The card I've got seems to be broken.
Is there such thing as an auto top-up option?
Do you have EUR currency available for me?
I think that someone may be using my card, but I'm not sure,.
I haven't received my card yet, how long does it normally take?
I don't want to buy this car anymore, can I cancel the transaction and get a quick refund back?
Do you provide currency exchange to Euros?
Can I have a refund for one of your products?
How long do transfers to international banks take? I made one to france a couple of days ago, but it's still not there.
Please explain to me how to know where my funds are from.
How many different cards can I have for my account?
My payment has been cancelled
I want to top up using cash, where can I do that?
Will there be any charges for money received?
What fees to you have for top ups?
What is the current exchange fee?
What is the average pending time for a transaction?
What is the extra  €1 fee in my statement
If my card is trapped in the ATM, what do I do?
What kind of security protects my money?
I tried to used my card in a shop and the transaction was declined.
I transferred the wrong amount and would like to cancel the transaction.
I am having trouble proving my identity.
The bank machine didn't give my card back how do I get a new one fast?
Where is my money transfer?
They declined my card payment.
What is this direct debit in my statement?
Do you have any accounts for children ?
I need to update my phone number.
Can I pick between Visa and Mastercard?
Any chance of getting the card outside the UK?
Is there a way to revert a transaction?
When using a US card, what is the cost for a top up/off?
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
When does a UK transfer show up?
Why did you charge me for taking out cash?
How long does a European transfer take?
how much is it to exchange currency
Does this app exchange currencies?
Please help me unblock my pin which I put the wrong one too many times.
What do I do if someone used my card without my permission?
I don't want to give you all my identify details.
Why is there a direct debit fee in the App when I didn't do it?
I was told I would be getting a refund but I have yet to see it
Where is the tracking number for the card?
my cash withdrawal has not come out of my account yet.
My card has been declined by two separate ATM, and I'm worried something is wrong with my account. Would you please see if my account is okay?
How do I see what fees I am supposed to be charged on my account? I've noticed fees on some transactions, but not on others. This is very confusing and I cannot find a pattern to what I am being charged?
Are there fees for adding money with an International card?
How do I know how much money I will have when I travel abroad?
How can you assist me on topping up on bank transfers to my account?
I am planning activating my card was it possible?
Is there a fee for sending out more cards?
Looking at my account I've noticed a charge that appears to still be in progress. I had attempted to get money out of the machine earlier but the machine seemed to have been broken. I never received my money so will you please look into this for me? I don't want to be charged for money I never actually received.
I purchased some makeup through a site in China, and I was under the impression that when I make transfers there is no fee.  Why am I seeing this fee now?  I am not happy about this at all.
I bought something with my card and I was charged a fee
I am still waiting for my card.
How much is it to use my US debit or credit card to top up?
There is an unexplained $1 charge on my statement, can you please explain this to me?
I have a withdrawal waiting to go through.
I am missing my refund.
What do I do if the machine rejects my card?
I want to know where the funds come from.
What are my limits on disposable cards?
How can I check if I have received a refund if it is not yet on my statement?
Why won't my card work.
What if I need multiple disposable cards?
Hi. About two hours ago I made a transfer from my bank which is in the UK, but I don't see it yet! Would you check what's going on with it, please?
My withdrawal was cancelled.
The payment I made with my card is not showing up.
Are my friends able to add funds to my account?
Can currencies be exchanged on this app?
How can I lookup the source for my available money?
How does identity check work?
Help me please, I need to top up cash.
I'm having a hard time proving my identity.
I made a transaction but did it to the wrong account.
Why is my cash deposit not in my account?
Hey there, I just went through my most recent credit card payments and I notice the same charge for a restaurant was processed twice. There was only one meal at this place, so I would like one of the charges to be reversed and my money to be put back in the account.
I want to get a Visa
What is this card payment, I do not recognize it.
Why did my top up get pulled back out?
I need a refund. This is not what i wanted.
Please check to see if the band transfer I made a while ago from my UK account has safely arrived.
i have not received my card
my money, where is it coming from?
Can I choose between Mastercard and Visa?
I have cancelled payments to this card.
Do you offer a discount on multiple currency exchanges?
Why hasn't my top up gone through?
The exchange rate that was applied for an international purchase was wrong.
I would like to pay by cheque.
I made a payment but the app cancelled it.
Do you support changing the currency I use?
I need a quick transfer from China.  How long would that take?
what is the average wait for transfers
I don't recognize this debit transaction in my billing statement?
I need a new PIN.
Which currencies can I use to add money?
What is the purpose of requiring my identification?
My phone is lost.  What do I do to prevent someone from using the app?
When can I expect my card to arrive?
My account was charged twice for one purchase
I want to use my card. How do I activate it?
You did not give me the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
If I have already completed a cash withdrawal at an ATM, is it normal for it to show as a pending transaction on the app?
My statement has not shown my refund.
My bill shows the same charge more than once
I'm worried my card might be lost in the mail? How long does it usually take to arrive?
How do I activate auto top-up when traveling?
I need help with some transactions in my account that I dont recognize or remember purchasing. Im not sure if the name is just different or what. Should my card be put on hold while the issue gets figured out to be safe or is it ok?
I did a transfer but the balance is the same.
what is the amount of disposable cards I can have?
I want to delete my account. I'm unhappy with the service you're providing.
how do i track the moeney
The currency exchange rate was wrong for a purchase I made.
There's something wrong on my bill. A transfer fee should never have been added.
the bank transfer was declined
Why am I unable to verify my id?
What's the cost for exchanges?
Can my account have different types of currency in it.
Since when were there charges for taking out cash from my account? It's always been free for me to do this before.  How much are the charges going to be?
I had a payment that I made and it's been some amount of time and would like to know when it's suppose to go though.
do i have to talk to someone to close an account or can i in the app
I need assistance completing a transfer. I'm trying to purchase a flat and need the money for the initial mortgage payment. I keep getting an error and the transfer is not going through. What is going on here?
My statement contained a one pound extra fee
After purchasing an item I noticed the exchange rate was incorrect.
Please give me a Mastercard instead.
Hey, my card was declined at an ATM in the city centre theatre. My account says the transaction is pending, though. I didn't get the money, though, so what does that mean?
i need to know about exchange rates
Do you accept other currencies besides US Dollars?
Why is my withdrawal still pending?
I have my card, when whill my PIN be available?
My card isn't working
What exchange rate is it?
Can I still use the app if I switched phones?
I need to delete my account.
It appears that I am being double charged for some items that I have purchased this past week.  Please review and correct.
Can I get a few more physical cards?
How do I fix a reverted top up?
When should I receive my virtual card?
Why can't I transfer my money into someone else's account? I should be able to do so right? Why does it keep rejecting my transfer? There's no reason, all my info is correct and the money is there.
I deposited cash into my account a week ago and it is still not available, please tell me why? I need the cash back now.
It doesn't let me verify my identity.
I just had my card get declined at the ATM! I need to get money out but I am unable to.  Why has this happened?
My last ATM request did not go through due to a declined card. Please cancel the request on my account.
I'm looking for a machine of yours that will provide me cash from my home country. I went on holiday and don't have any cash on me. Will your machine charge me extra to do this?
Why has my card been declined?
I am unable to prove my identity
I did a cash deposit to my account but it doesn't show up
The ATM is showing it gave me the money I requested but I didn't get that amount.
Hello I made a bank transfer couple hours ago from my UK account but it doesn't show up yet. Can you please check if everything is alright with it?
Do I have to use a bank approved ATM to withdraw money?
Where do I find the top-up verification code?
How can I change my information?
How long can an EU transfer take?
I am unable to transfer money. I believe it is not working because it states it was declined.
Will there be a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
How do I close my account, since I'm dissatisfied?
I had to pay a pound more than I anticipated!
My card is stuck in the ATM, what can I do?
When does the money get transferred to my account
I dont have identification
I entered in the wrong PIN.  Please help me unlock my account.
My identity wasn't verified
What do you require for identity verification?
Help my find the verification code on a top-up.
Is there a limit to how high I can top-up?
What should I do if I forgot my passcode?
I made a cash withdrawal and it is still listed as a pending transaction.
Where do I go to change my account details?
Hi, I am interested buying crypto currency but unable to purchase it through the application. I do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
My card is lost!  Please help me!
My transfer is still pending
How much would I be charged for a transfer?
The machine only paid me a hundred when I wanted 20
What are the charges for recieving SEPA transfers?
how come my transfer declined
Is there any discount for someone that exchanges currencies frequently?
It seems like my card payment didn't work.
The exchange rate you are using is bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
I can't transfer money from my account.
I have a question about ATM transactions. Can I take money out of an ATM when I'm traveling abroad? And, can I get the money in my home currancy?
Can I change my PIN on my phone?
For some reason my contactless has stopped working. I don't know what the problem is. What can I do?
May I get a disposable virtual card as well?
I have my card now how do I activate it?
How do I reverse a transaction on my account?
What locations allow me to withdraw money?
I need help right now. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number after making a typo. Please cancel the transfer now since I can't do it from the app.
I am worried about the amount of my cheque, which should be credited to my account few days before. As i have already sent you the cheque.
Why did I receive an error message saying that my transfer was not possible?
Is it possible to top up by card?
My PIN number was incorrect, and I can't access it.
Please explain the charge of 1L in error.  I have purchased nothing in this amount.
When will my balance update after a transfer?
why cant you just refund me instead of a merchant
I believe I got a wrong exchange rate when I got cash.
What are you exchange rates?
Why isn't this accepting my identity?
I believed crypto top up with something you offered. This does not seem to be working. The money has been removed from my account though so what's going on?
I want to use bank transfer for topping up my account. How is it handled?
If my account is low in funds, can I set an auto top-up?
I think that there is a payment on my card that I did not authorize.  I don't recognize the name attached to the transaction.
How much is a physical card?
I am at the ATM and tried to withdraw 30 pounds and it only gave me 10 pounds, what do I do?
Why do i have an extra fee on my statement?
What do I need to do to transfer money with my credit card?
Can I use my card anywhere?
I'm not sure how to complete the identity checks process.
Why has my transfer not arrived yet?
How can the recipient see my money transaction?
I'm going to cancel a purchase.
can i top up from a usa credit card
How can I tell if there is a top-up limit?
how much to get my card in 2 days?
Why am I not allowed to add a certain beneficiary?
Hello I made a bank account transfer from the UK. The transfer was a couple hours ago, nothing has shown up yet.  Can you check to see if everything okay. Please.
A direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
Can I purchase with cash or cheque?
is there a way to do automatic top up
What happens when a payment is reverted?
How does my top-up got cancelled?
What is the first step I need to make for being able to access my account?
My contactless stopped working today no matter where I try to use it. How do I get it to start working again?
I topped up my account but the app failed to process it.
I did a top-up, but I'm not seeing it in my wallet yet.
what is the exchange rate for foreign ATMs
Tell me why there is a fee for a card payment.
I tried to make a withdrawal from the ATM, but it was cancelled.
there is a charge i dont recognize
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that does not belong to me
Is topping up unlimited?
I have a transaction and would like to know if I it's cancelable?
My card is missing!  Help!
I have a duplicate payment showing
I have an emergency and lost my phone.  I need help accessing my account.
I was charged a hidden fee when I paid with card.
Do you offer account's for minors?
To add money to my account, what currencies can I use?
Are refunds allowed for certain items.
What happened to the money that I deposited?
I'd like to transfer funds using my credit card.
Why are you keeping my money from me by declining my card? What is going on?
I lost my password
Do you charge extra for exchanging currencies?
Can I give a second card to my daughter?
What are the rules for using disposable virtual cards?
Will it automatically top-up money if there isn't a lot left?
I want to give a second card for this account to my daughter, would this be possible?
I need you to delete my account now.
My balance was not updated with my checque or cash deposit.
I've been trying to do a transfer multiple times and have failed? Is the system down?
The app has rejected my top up.
Please help me figure out the reason for the odd withdrawal amount from my account?
Why does it say my transfer failed?
I transferred some money and it didint arrive
Can I quickly send a transfer from China?  How long will it take?
Where are my funds? I topped off my car but it didn't seem to complete.
I deactivated my card but would like to reactivate it.
Please double check my card - withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning on the way to work it suddenly got declined!
I found an unauthorized card payment
I am still waiting on my bank transfer
I'm having money transferred from Europe, how long will this take?
I cannot try my PIN anymore.
I moved and would like to change my address.
My details need to be changed, how can I do so?
I need to verify a payment to my new landlord. I transferred the first rent payment a few days ago. While it shows on my side, the landlord is saying he hasn't received it yet. Can you verify that it has processed?
I need help getting the virtual card to work.
I hate this company! Can you delete my account?
Can I get my paycheck through here?
Will you accept my salary if it's in another currency?
Is this open to residents of all countries?
Are there limits on the virtual cards?
What is the charge for sending out more cards?
How old does my daughter need to be to have her own account?
Once my card expires, what should I do?
Is it possible to change my address?
In regards to my card payment, the exchange rate is incorrect.
Where is the top-up card verification code?
If I can, I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa from you.
My purchase used the wrong exchange rate
how do I know where I can get money withdrawn?
I was charged twice for a restaurant, can you take the second charge off?
How can I transfer funds from my bank to my top up account?
How can I configure what currency my salary is in if it's in GBP?
There was an extra fee when I paid with my card, why was i charged this extra fee?
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's an issue with my account?
What does a pending transaction mean?
Where can I change my PIN?
How long does it take for a top-up?
I found the card I thought I lost this morning. Can I reactivate this card?
Hi, My card is getting declined during top-up. As it urgent, could you please resolve this issue, or guide me with other alternatives if any.
There are funds showing in my app that I did not receive.
How do I dispute a debit that I didn't make?
What do I need to do to transfer money into my account?
I do not know what this cash withdrawal is
Disaster, I've totally forgotten my passcode, can you help me?
My contactless is non-functional.
Is getting my identity verified required before I can use my account?
I made a transaction at an atm and was charged extra for it.
This is frustrating, I'm at work and my transfers are not going through. I keep getting an error message, I do not have time for this.
How long does the "pending" period of a transfer take?
Why am I being charged more on exchange with things I bought abroad?
What currencies are used in your exchange?
Is there an issue with my card payment as it has not gone through.
How can I check on the status of my new card?
How do I freeze my account?
Do you happen to do exchanges of EUR?
What is the identity verification process?
Someone may have made an error in figuring out the rate of exchange.  I should have received more cash than I did on my most recent withdrawal.
Card payment is showing as pending
How do I start an exchange between GBP and AUD?
My transfer didn't work
Can I withdraw from any ATM?
Why is my money gone right when I attempted to top up
What do I need to do in order to get a new card?
The rate applied to my foreign purchase was incorrect
Are there any fees if I want to add money using an international card?
I was checking my account when I saw a $500 cash withdraw that I know I didn't do.  I have my card so I don't understand how this happened.  Please help me.
How do I receive a refund for my item?
I need a refund?
How can I stop fraud on my account right now?
Why would the app revert my payment?
I was given less cash then I wanted.
I attempted to withdraw some money from an ATM this morning and received the wrong amount. Your app says I have enough money available in the account. Can someone tell me what's wrong?
The app doesn't believe that I am me
I bought something in another country but the exchange rate is wrong
Help my activate my card.
I was charged a fee for a card payment. Why?
I see a direct debit charge that I did not approve
With one disposable card how many transactions can i do?
It will be fine to use at any establishment that accepts Mastercard.
I was making a purchase and it was declined and I wanted to know why.
I'd prefer to use my American Express when putting funds into my account.
Someone stole my phone yesterday :( is there anything I need to do?
Is my new bank card on the way and is there a way to track it?
Will you charge me more if I use a European bank card for a top up?
My money disappeared right when I tried to top up
I did not have the right exchange rate applied to my situation of pulling out cash
Do you accept cheques for top ups?
Can I open a bank account for my newborn baby?
Where is the money I put in the bank?
Do I get charged if i am getting money?
When do I get my card PIN?
Can I track the card that was just sent to me?
Will you tell me how to exchange USD for GBP in the app?
I have a charge for something I didn't buy.
Ordered awhile back, what is the ETA in the US?
Why doesn't it work when I use American Express to try to add money to my account?
What do I do when a charge has been made that I did not make?
The app failed to verify my identity.
What age do you have to be to open an account?
What do you need for the identity verification
there is a transfer pending.
I got a notice from my app that I withdrew cash but I don't remember doing so. How do I fix this?
I'm noticing a payment/purchase at a company that I don't recognise.
What fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
Why was I not able to get cash from the ATM?
My account needs to be deleted.
My card is about to expire. How do I get a new one?
can i top up with check?
After making a transfer from a UK account it's not showing up. How long do these transfers normally take for you? I want to be certain everything is all right.
Why is the exchange rate on my card wrong?
I think my identity has been stolen, can you check on unauthorized charges?
Can someone assist me with the details explaining which fiat currencies that you support?
How do I find the exchange rate?
Is it on purpose that my payment has been returned to my account?
Can you tell me why my card keeps getting declined every time I try to use it?
What does the decline message mean
I need my card to be delivered fast
Can I get a card in the EU?
Please give me both a visa and a master card.
Someone is using my account to do online shopping! Please freeze it asap
I receive my salary in GBP. Do I need to configure this somehwere?
why hasn't my virtual card come yet?
When I topped up, the app reverted my funds.
I need to find out what is the limit for top-ups.
Where is the transfer that I did?
I would like to cancel a transfer
Why did a transaction I made charge me $1?
How do I transfer funds if I am paid in GBP?
Why did you charge a fee when I withdrew from an ATM?
Is it necessary to verify my top up?
Apparently, I went out today to use my new card and was informed my payment was decline. This is really embarrassing, what happen?
My phone is missing.
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
Can I top up from my Apple Watch?
What should I do to verify my identity?
Can you help me transfer funds from another bank account to this account?
Do I have to verify my identity?
Why was a charged a fee for using the card?
How long does it typically take a transfer to go through?  I sent some money to a friend earlier today, and she really needs it.  It still is a pending transfer, even though I sent it a few hours ago.
Is there supposed to be a fee for the transfer I made?
Can you tell me how to top up on my card?
My beneficiary didn't receive my transfer
How do I know which countries you provide service in?
There was an error in exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
How do I deposit cash?
How much is the limit for top-ups?
What are the reasons that my mortgage payment won't go through? I'm getting an error and don't know how to correct to get this transfer to go through.
Hello, I just checked my card transactions and saw that I was charged twice for a restaurant visit I did earlier this week. Is it possible to remove one of them and get my false paid money pack?
Do you support any currency?
I transferred some money but it is not here yet
what is the most i can top up?
My card was not accepted.
I made a transfer to my friend earlier and she hasn't received it yet.  What's the hold up?
Is there a fee for exchanging cash?
I will be traveling and want money to be added automatically in certain intervals. Is this possible?
Is this app capable of exchanging currencies?
my card was frozen due to putting in the wrong pin too much.  how many tries do i have
Can I track the card that you sent me in the mail?
How do I show this stupid system that this is really my identity?
How is my ATM deposit not available yet?
What do I owe for a new card?
About this card PIN?
I couldn't complete card activation.
How do i transfer money using my credit card?
How do I reset the passcode?
Why is it necessary to verify the top up?
Hello I changed my mind and want a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
Who charged me a fee for paying by card?
Can i change my PIN at the ATM?
extra fees on a cash withdrawal, not cool.
How can I check to see if my top-up worked?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again this morning.
How old do my kids have to be to use your service?
where did my funds come from?
What types of foreign money can be used with this service.?
withdrawal pending meaning?
Duplicate transactions appear on my account
I am interested in giving a second card to my daughter, how can I make this happen?
I recently reported my card as missing/lost, and I just found it. Can I still use it?
Can I resent my passcode?
I need to create several disposable cards per day.
I want to set a new PIN
I'm not familiar with a card payment.
I got charged a fee for transferring money.
What is the timeframe for a transfer in Europe?
Are there businesses that don't accept this card?
I would like a refund on the extra pound I was charged.
I'm going on holiday to France for 6 weeks with my family and the cat, Fluffy.  I just purchased €10,000 from a currency exchange to ensure we don't run short but there appears to be a fee.  What is this for?
The machine gave me the wrong amount of cash.
Please tell me why the purchase I made online returned payment. I really wanted this item and I've been trying for 2 weeks.
Why is there an extra pound charge that is pending?
How do I validate my identity.
It can take between 10 minutes to an hour before you hear back from us about the verification result.  Please try again if your verification fails.  Make sure you double check that images are clear and all document photos are readable without blur or glare. You have to be 18 or older and live in the European Economic area or live in Switzerland to be able to open an account.
Why can't I see the top-up amount I just added to my account?
Someone has stolen my phone, what should I do?
In terms of holding and exchange, what fiat currencies do you use.
Why was there a fee with my cash withdrawal?
What is going on? My top-up is still pending. I use your system all the time but now it is just showing as pending.
My card don't work.
What is going on with my cash deposit. I'm looking at my account balance and it is not there. It has been almost a week. Someone better get back to me asap.
What do you charge for physical cards?
What's the process for topping up by card?
What is the process of obtaining a disposable virtual card
I would like to exchange currency  What types are there?
Why do you need me to do an identity check?
Is there any fees for top ups?
How old do I have to be to open an account?
Why would my card payment get reverted?
Is the verification number on the top up card
I need to cancel a purchase?
I believe that my transfer hasn't gone through.
I need to get my card quickly
What is this $1 charge on my statement?
I forgot my phone at the hotel, so I can't access the app.
Do you have any top-up limits?
How do I use a check to top up?
I transferred some money to a friend of mine who urgently needs some money right now. How long will it take to get to her?
I tried to withdraw $100, all it gave me was $20.
What fiat currencies are used for exchange?
I'm at an ATM and withdrew 30 pounds and was only given 10. What should I do?
how do I get my card to show in the app?
Where do I get a disposable card
I tried to transfer but it was declined
Yesterday my phone was stolen from me :( What do i need to do about it?
I paid with my card and got charged an extra fee, what's up with that?
How come my card payment is still pending?
What is the foreign exchange rate you will apply?
I bought something on line a and the seller hasn't received the money I sent could you please tell me how long an EU transfer takes?
I tried using my card today and it's not working, can you help me?
do I need anything for the identity check?
How can I top up my account with a cheque?
Why would my payment have been returned to my account?
I transferred money yesterday, but it still isn't available?
I was charged a fee when I transferred my funds, why?
Got only $20 when I tried to withdraw $100.
Why did I not get a virtual card yet?
How can I find out why my transfer didn't go through?
Are you going to charge me to top up my card?
I have yet to receive the cash I added to my account this morning.
My top-up failed to go through.
Something is wrong with my passcode
Double check your funds may be declined
My card hasn't arrived yet.
What needs to be provided for identity verification?
Why does a top- up need to be verify?
I would like to cancel a transfer...is this possible?
I need to change my data.
How can I top up with cash?
Why isn't my balance updating?  I did a bank transfer and it isn't current.
how much do I have to pay for exchange of currency?
How long until the card arrives?
Where do I go to change my PIN?
Where can I find a virtual card?
I've been waiting for over an hour for a top up to go through.  How long is this supposed to take?  I really need this money.
What are my payment options for topping off my account?
What is this cash withdrawal I don't recognize?
What are the current exchange rates?
What if I need to use GBP instead of USD?
I need to order a new card as my old one will expire soon. Can you tell me how to order a new one?
How do I go about changing my address?
I have not received my pin yet
A few hours ago I made a bank transfer from my UK account but I don't see that it has arrived.   Can you check and see if all is ok please?
Is it possible to get a Visa and Mastercard from you?
How do I top up with Apple Pay?
I am required to make several disposable cards every day.
Are you Visa or Mastercard?
There is a fee for a transfer, please explain that to me.
Where is my PIN number located?
I haven't received the cash from the check I deposited.
After I transferred money the balance remained the same.
Where do I find the virtual card?
I did not receive the right amount of cash I requested
It's been two weeks, why has the transaction for $1.00 not been reversed?
why do you verify the top up
maximum how many days get the courier?
I need to update my current address
Where do I have access to a virtual card?
Why can't I get my top up to work in Apple Pay?
I noticed that there's a payment on my card that's pending.
Why has my payment been declined? I paid by card.
There was just a withdrawal but it wasn't me, I've never even visited the town where the withdrawal happened.
How do I get my card PIN?
My bank transfer is still not showing up in my account.
Help me reset the passcode.
When will the cash that I put in the ATM be cleared from pending status?
The ATM wouldn't let me withdraw cash.
Is it possible to use an ATM when I am not in the country and make a withdraw with out extra fees?
Can I put my old card back into the system? I just found it/
How fast can you fix an error in payment?  I made a payment in the wrong account yesterday and it needs to be adjusted by tomorrow for my rent.
Where is my new card? I have been waiting a week!
Do you offer account services for children and teens?
I want to skip verification of my identity.
Can you tell me why my top-up failed?
Why didn't I get the amount I requested at the ATM?
My card payment is being declined and I've tried several times.
I deposited a cheque and its been days and I still haven't received the cash!!
For some reason my contactless won't work for me.
I didn't receive the amount of cash I requested for the ATM.
How do disposable cards work?
Can you please tell me why my card payments are not going through when I try to buy something online? When I put in my card payment it takes it but it comes back a while later.
Why did they take more money out then I withdrawed?
How much more do you charge for currency exchange?
Why won't the ATM let me withdraw money?
How can I get a real-life card of my own?
Can I top-up any amount I wish on any given day?
Are you able to explain the restrictions of the disposable cards?
If I need to do a quick transfer from China, how long should I expect the transfer to take?
Please send a new card; the ATM ate mine.
It seems like I have been waiting forever for this international transfer. Why is it taking so long? C'mon, it's 2018, things happen at a click of a button. All of the account information is correct, so how long will this take?
After trying to update my account balance yesterday by cheque it doesn't seem to working. Shouldn't the process be quicker? I need my account looked at because there appears to be a problem.
I want to cancel my account.
A cheque deposit hasn't posted to my account, when will my balance update?
What do I need to do to get cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I requested but the app is showing the amount to be correct.
I requested a virtual card but it is not showing up. Why?
Tell me how to reset the passcode.
Guide me on how to unblock my PIN
My card was topped this morning but I can't see the funds. Why didn't it complete?
Why is there an unknown card payment?
What are the top-up fees for my card?
Are there limits as to where my card will be accepted?
The app is saying I made a withdrawl but I didn't.
Are there any limits to how many disposable cards I can use?
When will the check I deposited post to my account?
Is there a charge for a physical card?
I'm going to travel, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
Sort your top up out please! It's been pending since an hour already, can you please make this go through asap I really need the money
Does it matter if I use Visa or Mastercard?
How do I make my card appear on the app?
When does my transfer from the US arrive in my account?
The ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash today when I went to withdraw. The app says it was more.
When will my new card arrive?
I got a card, how do I get it in the app?
I can't transfer any money from my account to my friend's account, it keeps rejecting it. Can you tell me why? I have enough funds in my account to transfer.
How do I get a spare card?
My disposable virtual card has been rejected by the merchant earlier today. What should I do?
Where are the Mastercard ATMs?
When will my top-up be completed?
This company sucks! Can you delete my account?
My transfer is failing when I try to do it.
What currencies can be exchanged in the app?
I sent money for my rent to my landlord but she is claiming it hasn't arrived in her account  Can you trace the transfer I made to make sure it arrived so I can provide proof I sent it and that it has been deposited?
What do I need to verify my identity
I was wondering, Can I get my pay in another currency?
What do I do if the bank machine won't accept my PIN attempts anymore?
How soon will I get my card?
Why was my exchange rate a different amount than usual?
One of my charges was declined, but the second one went through.  But I notice on my App that one of them has gone through, and the other one is still pending.  Please ensure that only one charge is processed. Thanks
Can you please tell me why my transfer failed?
Which flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
is it possible to cancel transactions?
Help me. My transfer was declined. How could this happen?
Do I get charged if I get money?
I tried to withdraw money but I was declined!
My account was charged a debit payment I don't recognize.
I made a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It absolutely has to go through tomorrow, so can you please reroute the payment to the right account?
How long does it take for transfers to process?  I sent funds to a friend, and she says that she has not yet received anything.
I have been charged a fee that I didn't know about. Why have you charged me extra for card payments?
I didn't get as much cash as I asked for from the ATM, why?
Is there a limit for age?
I noticed the exchange rate for cash withdrawal isn't right.
How do I deactivate my account?
Why is my top-up still pending?
Will you set a limit to my top-up?
Is there a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
I was not able to use the ATM to get cash
I have a Visa and Mastercard, can I use these?
Help me!  I don't know what my password is.
I have an unknown direct debit payment on my account
I'm in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
What factors determine your exchange rate?
The transfer I did hasn't arrived
I tried to buy something online yesterday and got a message saying declined. I tried again today and got the same message. What's the problem?
Is there a limit on how much I can top up?
How do you calculate exchange rates?
I didn't get all the money I asked for
Tell me why my card payment has been declined.
How can get a Visa card?
Why is my balance the same?  I processed a transfer.
There is a direct debit that I didn't set up, what should I do?
What kind of charges should I expect to exchange currencies?
How many different currencies can I hold money in?
Can you please tell me why I was charged an extra fee on my transfer?
I can't remember my password.
My card did not go through in a shop
What went wrong when I tried to do my transfer?
My card hasn't arrived.
I did not get the cash that is showing up in my app.
How long should I expect for the card to arrive?
I am under the impression that my top up is still pending
I just got $20 when I tried to get $100
I need to verify my identity, but how do I do that?
Can you tell me why my top up didn't work?
Am I supposed to verify my identity?
The balance has not been updated.
There is a mysterious debit transaction on my statement
What's with not verifying my Id?
Why is the cash deposit not showing up in my account?
I'm not seeing my cash deposit showing up in my account.
What's the pending length for credit transactions? I've had one in my pending category now for days and it won't move to processed.
I want one of those virtual cards!
Please help me make a transfer. I keep receiving an error and I'm trying to make the initial mortgage payment for a flat I'm buying. What is the deal here?
I was retrieving money and my card wouldn't remove.
Next time maybe let people know that buying things from another country costs extra. I used my card to purchase an item from another country and I was charged for the item and also an extra fee it looks like. I wasnt aware of this and I think I should get a refund.
Someone that I had to send money to told me that they didn't receive the full amount I sent them - can you look into this?
Can I change my PIN in Austria?
When I got cash, the exchange rate applied was wrong.
Please can you block the transaction I just sent from my account? It was a payment but I accidently typed in the wrong details and think it might have gone to the wrong place.
Are top-ups allowed using Apple Pay?
My card's expiration date is close.
can i use check to top up
Am I able to get a second card?
Why does my statement have these extra charges?
I have a direct debit I didn't make
Can you help me with my card, I think it's broke.
Why was I charged an extra fee when doing a transfer?
I need the right foreign money, at the right rate, at ATMs, when I go abroad.
I need to transfer something ASAP from China, how long will it take to post to my account?
It does not appear that my message went through.
limits on top ups
How do I go about ordering a card?
Some cash is showing up in my app that I did not get.
I can't find my refund. Please help.
Where did the money I deposit go??
Why is the exchange rate for my payment incorrect?
How much to exchange currencies?
I wanted to transfer money to another account, but now I don't have to so I'd like to cancel said transfer. How can I do that?
Why haven't I gotten a virtual card yet?
Someone has access to my card info.  I still have the card, but someone just withdrew cash.  How do I get this corrected/stopped?!
What are the benefits of a disposable card?
I forgot my passcode. Now what?
I have a fee listed for a transfer.
where in the app can i find out about my new pin
I deposited a cheque but the cash hasn't arrived yet
Can you tell me what i need for the identity check?
I had a dollar charged to my account that's still pending and wanted to know what the charge is for?
Can you change the rate for the item I bought in a different currency as it is wrong?
found card, how to put it back in app
What are the benefits to verifying the top-up?
My account balance has not gone up even though I just transferred money into it
What do I need to do to exchange my money?
My funds are low, can I auto top up?
The app won't identify me.
Transfer was declined, could not complete request.
The money disappeared after I topped up my account.
I don't see a refund in my account.
I left my phone at the hotel I was staying at so I can't use the app!
Do you issue cards for someone living in the US?
Why would I have a pending payment?
Can I get a card if I don't reside in the UK?
I was under the impression I can make transfers for free. I made an online purchase for something that was obroad and there's some additional strange fee. I've never seen this before and this isn't fair.
Is there a problem with my account? When I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM I was denied.
If my transfer is from Europe how long will it take?
What cards do you accept to top up my account?
What is taking so long with my top up?
Can you explain the various transaction times shown on my statement?
In what ATM can I change my pin?
How long until my card is delivered?
Is there a way I can get a Visa card?
when will I get my refund?
Can I cancel a transfer I made
There is a direct debit fee in the App that I didn't do.
Can I unblock my pin using the app?
why hasn't my cash arrived yet from my cheque?!
What's the procedure for getting a card?
I think my top up did not work
is there a fee for swift transfer
I would prefer a Mastercard.
Is the 1 pound charge I can see an error or an incorrect entry?
There was some money taken from my account that I don't remember paying for. Am I able to look up this transaction which was a few weeks ago to see who took out the money? Im not sure I need a refund just want to check to make sure it's legit.
There is the same transaction showing more than once.
Do you support the exchange of EUR from my currency.
What happens when a beneficiary can't receive my transfer?
What if I don't verify my identity?
How do I top-up my card with a cheque?
There is more than one of the same transaction on my account.
I have used all my PIN tries, what now?
My source of funds need verified.
Do you have to order a new card before your current card expires?
The ATM didnt return my card!
How long is US delivery?
How long does it take to activate my card?
My app says that I'm not verified.
I received my American Express card, but I am having problems making it work with Apple pay.  Can you help me with this problem?
I got a new card and can't find where to link it.
Do you offer SWIFT transfers?
I have received my statement but I do not see my refund, why is that?
Why is the check I deposited this morning not showing up?
What's the problem? I thought you offered crypto top up. This doesn't appear to be working at all. My money has now vanished from my account.
Can I Transfer from SWIFT?
How do I go forth with bank transfers for top up accounts?
How long does EU transfer take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
I recently made a transfer but I need to cancel it as soon as possible.  Please let me know when this happens.
I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can that transaction be reversed? I am worried about accidentally giving my money away.
I attempted to get money using a foreign currency at an ATM but the rate was highly inaccurate!
Can I use my card anywhere I want?
Help my prove my identity.
Where is the virtual card?
Why did you give me so little currency?
I am getting an error stating my transfer is not possible while transferring money. Let me know the issue as its the first time i am getting error, earlier it used to work.
I can't find the top-up card verification code.
My card won't work at all for anything.
I used my card to top up, but now I don't see the money in my account.
The ATM didn't give me the amount I asked for
Can I choose what card I can use
There is a single payment on my card which shows as pending.
Can I still use my account, even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
What is the limit on Auto top?
Why was I charged multiple times for the same thing?
Does it cost to add money to my card?
I tried entering my pin several times incorrectly. Why isn't my pin working?
There is a payment showing as pending and hasn't posted for a few days.  When will it post?
I have been charged to much for the object I bought when abroad, the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
how can i transfer money from american express card
There is a direct debit that's not mine.
My card payment did not complete.
card is lost, please help
I would appreciate it if I could get an item refunded
I got a fee when paying with my card
Can I exchange from USD to GBP?
Are US credit cards accepted?
unhappy with you, how to delete account
Google play top up help?
I have a fee showing from last time I used my card.
I had a cheque deposited, but I don't see my money yet?
How long does it take for transfers to finish?  I sent funds to my pal, and she says that she has not gotten anything.
Why am I seeing a transfer fee?
Can I top up using a cheque?
What do I do to link my new card?
Where do you need to live to receive card
I topped up about half an hour ago and the charge is still pending. I'm a new customer and today is my first time doing this. Can you fix it? It doesn't seem to be working.
I was double charged, and the second charge is showing as "pending". How long will it be before I get my money back once the second charge has been refunded?
Is there something wrong with your website? I tried topping up my account and it's been close to two hours now and it's still at "pending" for some reason. I just joined with you guys and this is the first attempt at this, so maybe I'm wrong, but shouldn't this be instant?
When will my cheque be processed?
I have a trip coming up and want to add money automatically.
Why aren't my payment funds available to me?
Hello, I am buying a flat and need the inital payment for the mortgage to go through. It keeps showing up as error, what is going on? Can you please help me make this transfer?
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that already.
I have been waiting for my transfer, shouldn't it be here already?
I believe my money did not go through with my top up, was there a problem on your end?
What does top-up verification do?
I need to cancel my card that got stolen a little while ago. Someone has already taken some money out and I don't want them to take anymore. Can you please do that?
Is it possible to change from USD to GBP with your App?
how soon will my card arrive?
How long will my transfer be pending for?
What should I do if my passcode won't work?
I have a strange transaction on my account which appears to pertain to a cash withdrawal I made outside Nandos in Leeds.  What is that for?  Is it fraud?
When will my balance reflect a deposit?
I did a card payment but its status is still coming as pending. Please check and inform when it would complete.
I want to top up from my Apple Watch, can I?
How do I get my card to work?
What currencies can I use to top up my account?
Hi, I have been transferring money to my friends since morning, but all my transactions were getting failed. Can you please look into this issue.
What should I do if my phone is lost or stolen?
Why is the exchange rate so exorbitant? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
Where's my top up code?
Why is my last cheque deposit taking so long?
Hi , I just came to know I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
I don't appreciate the extra fees being siphoned from my account. I was helping some friends move to Japan and we were buying home decorations at the local stores. The  receipts differed greatly from what showed up in my bank account and my statement. When can I expect the extra fees to be back in my account?
I made a mistake and did a transaction to a wrong account, can I cancel?
Where do I find a virtual card?
My refund has not arrived, and I am unsure why. Who do I contact?
I put some money in my account the other day and it's not gone in yet, can you help with this?
how do i get a virtual card for one time use
Can you tell me what countries you offer support for?
Why is there a charge when I took out money?
I need to know what charges I will incur for using a European card for top up.
How do I get a virtual card on my device?
How can I get my PIN unblocked?
Can money be exchanged from one currency to another?
Where did this fee come from?
I believe my exchange rate is incorrect
Can I add a card back to the app?
Why do you need so much information about me
Where is my pin? I don't have it yet
I suspect someone used my card.
Why did my payment not go through why did it cancel?
The app doesn't show the card I received.
Could you please put a freeze on my card?  There are some payments on it that I don't know where they came from.
Why caused my top up to not work?
Can I have my money refunded for an item
Will I get extra charges?
My payment still hasn't processed!
My salary is in GBP - what should I do?
I need to find out why my pending payment hasn't gone through.
I have an unauthorized direct debit on my account
How do I get my card out of the ATM?
I can't use the app.  My phone is lost at the hotel.
I guess exchange rate for my payment was not correct, as i charged extra on the last saturday.
Why is it asking me to verify my identity
Why hasn't my top-up been completed?
whats the exchange charge
How do I find the top-up verification code?
One of my card payments, I don't recognise the name of the merchant.
I need to find the card I received in the app.
Why is it saying I have a pending payment?
can i get a physical card online
Can you please assist me in completing a transfer? I'm trying and I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat and pay the initial mortgage payment. All I keep getting is an error. Can you find out what's happening here?
How can my friend send me money?
I have made several unsuccessful attempts to make a transfer.  I'm getting frustrated at getting error messages and it not going through.
What do I do after the ATM takes my card.
Why are there multiple transactions showing for one purchase?
I tried to top up my account and it didn't work
I'm having trouble with proving my identity.
What is the max amount of disposable cards I'm allowed.
How do I verify the source of my funds?
Verify my source of funds?
What locations are you in?
Will there be additional costs of I make a withdrawal from a local ATM of British pounds? I need some cash to feel comfortable on the journey home
how long does it take to post atm with drawl
Can I get an auto Top-up?
Are there extra charges for exchanging currency?
Where do I order additional cards?
Why can I not transfer money into my account?
What currencies are available for my use in holding and exchange?
Where do I find the verification code for the card I'm topping up?
Which country's currency do you support?
I need a transfer cancelled.
Why does my money come from?
Can I start an account for my kids?
Can I use this to receive my salary?
Help! I need to cancel a transaction.
Why did it cost money to transfer funds?
I need two cards. Is this possible?
Can I have my account add money automatically in certain intervals?
I transferred some money but the recipient is having trouble withdrawing.
How do I update my details?
I need my card now!
Close down my account.  I don't like your service.
Why is the top-up I made still pending.
card is being used by someone else
I topped up my card but the app rejected it.
How long do i have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
You accepts my card?
Is my card usable anywhere?
Would you please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
Why was I unable to do a transfer?
I've been waiting for a refund to show up and I don't see it on my statement yet.
There should be a cash withdrawal that I haven't seen yet.
Can I wait for you to send me a new card when mine's about to expire?
My actual card isn't functioning.
The refund on my account hasn't shown up
Why is my card payment still pending?
How do I switch to a different currency?
Is it possible to purchase more physical cards with my account?
Can you please show me where I can find the location to link my card?
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but I was denied
How can I tell if an AMT will take this card?
What is the process for activating my card?
Is there a reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
There is a direct debit I do not recognise in my statement
I need to make multiple disposable cards in a day.
Is my country supported
What kind of documents do I need for the identity check?
I've been waiting for 3 days, why is my withdrawal still pending?
I need my card immediately.
Can you tell me about these disposable virtual cards?
Are extra charges added for sending out additional cards?
I live in the UK. Can I get a card?
My top-up is not working. Why is that?
Can I order a virtual card?
I was told to verify my identity, how do I do that?
How do I get extra physical cards?
Are there any extra fees for adding money into the international card?
Why is my card payment cancelled?
Which ATMs accept this card?
Could I chose the date to have it delivered?
I need a new card since my old one is about to expire.
after going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a pretty large charge that I know I did not make. I know it's been a while but can I still dispute this charge?
What limits are there on the virtual cards?
What currencies are accepted to add money?
My ID won't be verified!
Which locations can I withdraw money from?
Who do I call to activate my new card?
Where can I receive my card?
why did my payment revert
I am in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
Which ATM's will accept my card?
I recently got a new place while I'm staying abroad and have been using this account to manage payments, but suddenly I am seeing fees increase. Where are these additional fees coming from?
What happens if the ATM doesn't give me back my card?
Can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
I would like to make a purchase, however my card has been declined. I would like to ask the reason for this. The past two weeks, the card has been working fine.
What is the daily limit on my card?
I couldn't use my contactless this morning, it wasn't accepted.
How do I add cash to my account?
Why was I declined getting cash?
Can I already use my account although the identity verification has not passed yet?
Unknowingly to me the payment sent to seller has been redeposied back in my account. I do not know why it would take out the payment and then put it back in my account. Can you resolve this as soon as possible?
How do I change my PIN abroad?
How do I cancel my transfer?
How long will my transfer stay pending?
How do I locate my card?
I have friends that would like to top-up my account is that possible?
I was supposed to receive my new card by now, but it hasn't came in.
I was not given the amount of cash I withdrew
I need to know where my funds come from.
I need to change my card PIN.
Why were there additional charges when transferring?
Do I need to do something to get a new card once it expires?
How do I report a cash withdrawal that wasn't me?
I need my virtual card
Am I able to open an account for my children?
My physical card is not working
My card will expire next month, will I need to order a new one?
How do you determine exchange rates?
Can I transfer money using a different currency?
My address has updated and I need to change it.
How does a transfer work?
Do I really need to verify my identity?
When I topped up the app reverted it.
Why don't I see my top up in my wallet?
I need to make a transfer, what will the fee be?
Let me know what the steps for the identity checks are
I made a mistake and performed a transaction on the wrong account!
I just got my new card but am not sure how to check its PIN.
i have used my card online before and wasn't charged, why am i charged now
I was made to pay a fee for making a transaction with card.
The receipient doesn't see my money transfer.
Can I order extra cards?
I may have a fraud charge on my debit statement.
why is there a service fee on my statement?
$1 extra has been charged on my statement, why is that?
How do I change GBP to AUD?
What's the limit for disposable virtual cards?
There is an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
Why would I be charged more than once for the same transaction?
Please put a freeze on my card,  I am worried there has been some payments on it and I don't know what for.
I'm really concerned because I only made one transaction, but it's appearing multiple times.
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's going on with this, does someone has access to my card?!
how to change name on account
Please help me with my card.  It won't activate.
Where do my available funds come from?
Can I get a card in the US?
Hello I have a UK account.  Can you please check if everything is alright with it?  I made a transfer a couple hours ago but it doesn't show up yet.
Why am I getting double charged for multiple transactions?
Is it possible to get another card?
My card was rejected
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I don't recognize
What are the exchange rates you assign?
I would like to know how to work out where my funds came from?
Why won't you let me name X as a beneficiary?
I received incorrect amount of cash from an ATM today. It was more than I wanted. What do I do now?
Can I order a second card?
I have not received a refund.
If my card expires next month, will I need to order a new one?
Why isn't the transfer on my account showing up?
Show me please how to reset my passcode.
My top-up isn't working.
How to receive transfers from my employer when I get paid in GBP?
My statement shows an extra fee - what is it?
I would like to re-activate my card, it was previously reported  lost but I found it this morning.
If I want to add funds to the account using American Express, how do I do that?
How do I top-up using cash?
Are there any restrictions causing my transfer to be declined?
There is a payment that is not mine in the app.  Please advise/
Will I have to pay extra to exchange money?
My morning transaction needs to be canceled.
Can I get a spare card for someone else to use?
Good morning. I tried to make a purchase with my credit card last night and again this morning. Both times it was declined. Can you investigate?
When I submit a transfer, it is being declined.  The information I put in has been reviewed.
I noticed that the exchange rate applied to a recent purchase I made abroad was incorrect.
Can I use check to deposit?
How long will it take to transfer something from China?
I did not get my card yet, is it lost?
May I transfer a cheque into my account?
How long will it take to refund me
I needed to send my friends some money urgently.  I tried multiple times to transfer the money this morning, but the transfer keeps failing.  Can you tell me why the transfer is getting rejected?
My payment is in the app but hasn't gone through yet
Can I get a disposable card?  How many can I have?  How often can I use them?
Should i uninstall the app before i try it again?
I've already tried 5 times to complete a transfer that's just standard. What's the deal? Is your system down at this time?
I did not charge my account for that transaction.  That's an error.
Why did I only get $20 when I asked for $100?
my atm cash out is still pending
I checked on google and the exchange rate you are using is really bad. Can you update it?
Are there any charges for receiving money?
What should I do if I see a withdrawal is pending?
I cant transfer money into my account
Can you tell me why a refund I'm owed is not showing on my statement?
Please check my payment from last Saturday as I feel I have been overcharged on the exchange rate.  Thank you.
Why wasn't I able to transfer to another account?
Is there a limit on auto top-up?
Why wasn't my top-up accepted and where did that money go? At first it said it was confirmed but now I can't find it.
Is the exchange rate the same on weekends as the weekdays?
I noticed a new fee on my account. I didn't know there were fees for these payments. What is the policy?
Are cards delivered to my location?
My card information seems to have been stolen! I don't know where these transactions came from and I've never even been to the city where they were made. I need my card blocked ASAP so this person can't keep using my card.
Where do I go to activate my card?
What went wrong with my transfer?
How can I receive money?
When my card expires soon, how fast is the replacement card sent and what are the costs?
When I try and to buy something using my card it keeps getting declined.
Is there a pay structure for currency exchanges?
Can I use this app for both USD and GBP?
How long does it take for a transfer?
Can my 8 year old grandson open an account at the bank?
I topped up but the app reverted it
Have a payment that I haven't done.
When will I see my cash, since I already deposited my check?
How do I change my name?
what is the charges for new card?
How many disposable cards can I have at one time?
Why is there a fee added to my statement?
What will I need to verify my identity
It seems someone used my card! There are a few transactions from a small town in the middle of nowhere that I definitely have not made! Please prevent them from using it immediately!
How does the exchange rate work on this app?
What physical locations can I use cash to top up?
Why was I charged twice?
Why is there an additional fee showing on the statement I received?
How do I begin the process of a refund?
IM still waiting for my account to update from a cash deposit?
How old does one have to be to have an account with the bank?
Is there a way to know when my card will arrive?
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal showing up as a pending transaction?
is there a way to do top up with cash deposit
I exchange my currency quite a bit.  Do I get an exchange price break?
The transfer to my account was not allowed.
I want to close my account
Can I choose between Visa or MasterCard?
Can I top off with a debit card?
I am travelling for two more weeks but really need to change my PIN asap. What do I do?
I see cash in my app but I did not get it.
I need to find the top up verification code
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
Can you tell me the countries you provide support for.
I need money put into this account from another one.
I am upset with your service.  Please delete my account.
Need help with a stolen card.
I got cash and the exchange rate should have been different than it ended up being.
Where do I top up?
In the app, how can I make it show the new card that arrived?
What cards to do you support to top up.
I would like to activate my card.
How come the ATM won't give me my money?
I want to go back on what I did this morning
why was a extra fee added to my account for transfer ?
There is a fraudulent charge on my statement.
I want to deactivate my account.
Do you charge for physical cards
I am interested in cancelling a purchase
I had to pay one pound more than the set price!
I believe my card has been compromised as there's a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
If I add money with an international card, are there any fees?
I want to link my new card. Can you help?
What are the steps to verify identity?
How can I use my credit card to transfer money?
The exchange rate for my electronic payment is incorrect.
When can I use money sent to my account?
Do you have to be 18 to make an account?
I moved.  I need to update my details.
Why did I not get the amount of money I requested?
Looks like my top up failed.
If I need more cards, are there any fees?
How do I change my details?
The exchange rate was wrong when I bought something outside the country.
I need my PIN unlocked.
Hi, I checked my transactions and saw that I was charged twice during a restaurant visit. I would like to get my money back.
How can I unlock my pin from too many tries?
Can I use my account before my Identity verification has passed?
I made a transfer a couple hours ago but my balance has not been updated. Why is this? Shouldnt this be instant?
Where do I find how to top off with a check?
Why is the transfer still pending?  Can I do something?
How can I verify my top-up card?
The ATM did not allow me to withdraw
Why was my card declined in a shop?
I received a different amount of cash than what I entered.
What happens if I deposit a cheque accidentally?
Help!  What should I do?  My phone was stolen yesterday.
I tried to make a transfer like five different times. Why won't your system let me? Is it broke?
My American express is experiencing a problem with apple play with top up, can you fix it?
I see random purchases to my account, was it hacked?
I want to hold and exchange fiat currencies, what can I use to do so?
I need to top up cash, How do I do it?
It appears my top-up has not gone through.
What is the time period for money to be transferred?
When will I get a new card when I order it, and how much will it cost.
i cannot seem to activate card
The service here is horrible, I want to delete my account.
How limited is a virtual card?
Can you check about unauthorized use of my card, I think someone is using mine without my knowledge?
Will any business take this card?
I'm hoping you can answer my question about a pending transfer that I've had for a while now.  I know that all of the account details are correct, so why is it taking so long to go through?
Why hasn't my balance been updated from the check deposit I made?
Can you tell me why my card payment was cancelled?
i dont recognize a charge on my card
Can I add a card that I just found (again) to the app?
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that I did not do
Tell me how I can verify a card top-up.
Are there fees for using an international card to top up?
My account balance doesn't reflect an update I made by cheque yesterday. Is something wrong or is the system slow?
How can I check for an unsupported merchant for my transfer request?
The ATM gave me less cash than I requested
There is a payment I don't recognise!
I've already sent the money out and still have not received money in my account.
Is there a way to recover my password?
I traded some of my money from my native country into an ATM to exchange for foreign currency, and the money I received was a different equating amount!
The wrong exchange rate was applied to me while pulling out cash.
I transferred some money to my mom 2 days ago and she has not received it. I double checked the information and it looks right. Can you help me?
Why was I double charged?
I am having a problem proving who I am
Transfer was declined.
An extra fee has been added to my card payment is this correct?
I have used my account abroad for a while without any fees, why am I being charged additional fees all of a sudden?
I have a disposable virtual card here, so would you tell me what to do with it?
If my PIN number is rejected, how do I solve it?
I have zero dollars in my account. Can I submit additional funds via bank transfer?
When can I expect my refund?
I got double charged for a payment so how do I fix that?
There is an unauthorized fee.
How do i finalize a card payment
My phone was stolen, help!
How can I transfer money to this account from another bank?
What are disposable virtual cards?
what do i need to have with me to activate card
Why do you need all these details about my identity?
when does my balance update for a transfer
I tried and tried, but I could not complete my transfer. Tell me what is wrong.
How many times can I use my disposable card?
Tell me why my transfer failed!
Where can I get a virtual card?
There's a cash withdrawal I didn't make
Why does my top-up get cancelled?
Where is the closest Mastercard ATM?
Is this card available to Americans?
What should I do to get transactions off of my account if I didn't make them?  My card must have been compromised and I need to freeze it asap!
I am seeing in the App a payment that its not mine
What was the cause for my card to be declined?
Why am I not allowed to verify my id?
Why would my payment still show as pending?
how to track the card you sent
I didn't buy this twice
I got my American Express in Apple Bay but top up is not working
I would like to change my personal details.
what can I do if I got my American Express in Apple Bay but top up is not working?
Can you please explain how to transfer money using the bank transfer process?
The amount of time that transfers usually take from a UK account is what?I just completed a transfer and it is not showing up at all. I'm wondering at this point if everything is actually okay.
Explain why I can't do a transfer to an account.
Can I use cash to top up
Why am I being charged for ATM cash withdrawals? The only reason I use it is because it's been free! Now you expect me to pay for them, and how much is that going to cost me?
Is it possible to get both Visa and Mastercard from you?
Does it cost extra to send out more than one card?
I have a card payment that I don't recognize. What should I do?
Why are my purchases from this morning still pending?
What are the fees for using transfer to top off my account?
I did not make this payment that I see in the App.
I got a message saying I made a withdrawal from the bank machine, but I did not.
Do I need to verify my top-up card?
I would appreciate that someone let me know when there is an extra charge for payments. I was checking the app earlier and saying a charge on one of my payments that was additional that no one made me aware of before.
What flat currencies do you use for holding and exchanges.
I was mugged and everything taken.  What do I do to protect my account?
Do you do SWIFT transfers?
i havent got my card
Do I get to choose between Visa and Mastercard?
Where can I find my fund information?
How many disposable virtual cards can you have?
What is the cost for physical cards?
How many days do I have to wait for the transfer to reach my account?
Would like to use my card and need to activate it first.  Can you help me do this?
Help me change my PIN.
Is it possible to use my credit card to transfer money?
I got some cash but it wasn't the right amount.
Can you tell me where my funds come from?
Why is my top up still pending?
Where's the money I transferred into my account?
I just purchased a disposable virtual card. Am I able to use it for online purchases immediately?
I think I was charged extra on my payment on last Saturday.  Maybe the exchange rate was wrong?  I'd like a refund.
How long will it take for my transferred money to show up?
My card payment is pending.
Tell me why there is an extra charge when I used an ATM?
My PIN has been blocked.
Can I change my PIN without being physically present?
Transaction showing up many times.
How many disposable  cards are available per account?
I tried to deposit a cheque into my account and it is not letting me.
I need to update my address.
What do I do if I completed a money transfer but the recipient hasn't received it?
I was the victim of someone stealing my wallet.  My card is being used and it isn't me.  What should I do?
How old do you have to be to be able to open an account?
what happens to the funds if a merchant refuses the payment
Where's the best place to get a disposable virtual card?
I can't log in
Hi,  Please help me, as i have transferred some amount but receiver did not get the same amount. He received a bit less. Due to this again i need to transfer the difference.   I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
I see I was charged $1 for a transaction.
How long will it take to receive a virtual card?
I would like an account for my children, how do I go about doing this?
I didn't get all the cash I asked for
I see a charge on my account that I don't recall making. I feel like my account may have been compromised.
I already got my item but just got my money back
So, I am in the middle of purchasing a flat. I need the money for the first mortgage payment and it is not going through. I keep receiving an error. Can you find out what's going on and help me complete this transfer?
Can I get a new card even though I am in China?
need to know if there is a maximum i can top up
Do all businesses take this card?
What is the cost for currency exchanges?
I wondered if multiple currencies is okay?
What is the cost of a transfer?
can google pay be used to make a top-up
Change of location, need to change details
I made an online purchase and the order has not shown up. Give me my money back.
Where can virtual cards be ordered?
If I wanted to change my PIN, how would I do that?
When will my card payment be done pending?
Help me.  There is a Direct Debit that I didn't make.
How do I tell if my top up was reverted?
What can I and can't do with the disposable cards?
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get my money back. Please it's urgent.
Do I need my phone to use the app?
How long will it take to activate my new card?
Why hasn't the app verified my identity?
What age do I have to be?
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived?
What is your shipping policies for cards?
I thought crypto top up with something you offered and it does not appear that it's working even though the money has disappeared out of my account. Can you tell me what's going on?
Hello. How long does it usually take to transfer money to another country? I've made sure all the information is correct, but the transfer still says that it's "pending."
How long do transfers take to show up in my account?
the balance on my account didnt change when i transferred money
I need to update my personal details
I forgot the code I need to get into the app.
Recently, a few weeks ago there was a transaction made on my account by some seller that I don't recognize. I am very certain that didn't happen  and will like for you to trace back to make sure.
Help! I made a transfer in error and need to cancel it before it's complete!
Where do I need to go in the app to enter my card info?
Is it possible for me to top up with cash?
I am perplexed. Why is it that I received an extremely wrong rate when I tried to use an ATM using a foreign currency?
I need some help now please! There are some transactions on my account that I do not remember purchasing. Can they be reversed? Can you please cancel or freeze my card so I don't keep getting charged?!
My payment card was declined - could you tell me why?
When I use my card, it says decline?
I would like to better understand why my pass-code is not working.
What is going on? I have checked over and over and the details of my account are right. Why is my transfer still pending? It's 2018 not 1818. Transfering money to another country can't be that hard.
Will my money be of equal value when I travel abroad?
I need a new card and I live in the United States.
When I got cash I was charged an extra fee!  Explain!
I still don't have a refund.
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there?? What happened to my money?
Will I be able to get both a visa and a mastercard?
I'm in Austria right now, but I really need to change my PIN right now. Can I do this even though I'm in another country?
How do I get refills to my card when I'm traveling?
Do you support direct deposits from my employer?
Should I just wait until the post office sends a change of address form?
I did a transfer but it is still pending.
Why could my transfer have been declined?
Why did I get less money than I asked for?
I moved.  Where do I update my details?
Im not sure if a seller is giving me my money back! I asked them to refund my money for the item but It's been a week now and still nothing has been given back to me. Can you resolve this for me?
Why hasn't the transaction I did arrive yet?
There is a direct debit charge that I don't recognize, what can I do?
I withdrew $100 but only received $20
Why hasn't my top-up finished pending yet?
My refund is not here yet
How do you get a virtual card?
where do I top up my google pay?
Where can I view my PIN?
stop the transaction
IS there a fee to exchange currency?
Why can't the person I sent the money transfer to see it?
Why have I been charged an extra pound?
Top-up is loaded into the card and no update.
I wanted to top up my account and it doesn't look like it worked
Where is the card I ordered 2 weeks ago?
How long is a transfer in the pending status?
When I was transferring money I was charged extra why?
I'd like to make some changes to my personal information.
I was doing a transfer and received a "decline" message.
i've waited 2 days for a transfer to reach a retailers account, am i going to have to wait longer.
How old does my kids need to be to open an account?
I'm not sure what I need to verify my identity.
I made a deposit of cash and check that has not been added to my balance.
Is going to a bank only way to change my PIN?
Explain top-up cancellation
My card shows a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
There's a card payment I didn't make
Status of the card I ordered.
How do I use the disposable cards?
I want to set up an auto top-up
I can't seem to figure out why my transfers are getting declined.
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with card?
How can I dispute a direct debit transaction?
Why can't my transfer complete?
Please delete my account. I am not happy with the service from your company.
How do I set my physical card PIN?
Is there a limit when using auto top-up?
How can I open an account for my children?
Is there a charge for sending out more cards?
What fiat currencies do you support?
The app made a mistake and said I made a cash withdrawal.
I think youre system may be broken because I have tried transfer money 5x and it isnt working!  I'm not doing anything complicated it is what I usually do.
How to modify my details.
Why verify the top-ups?
What will my exchange rate be?
What is the best way to get my virtual card?
How do I send my account money through transfer?
I received a fee for obtaining cash, is this correct?
I would like to know why a withdraw I made for some cash shows up as pending.
how long does a US transfer take
Can I get a card even though I live in the US
Where do I order a virtual card?
I want some extra physical cards.
I just got my card and want to use it, how do I activate my card?
What are all the currencies and cards supported to use this?
I just got my new card and tried using it and it was declined?
How come when I tried to pay contactless at the bus it didnt work?
I am unsuccessfully trying to make a transfer can you help?
has my card payment been reverted?
I am not sure but someone else might be using my card
Is it possible to do auto top up?
My address needs to be revised.
Why hasn't my card been delivered?
I would like to know the countries you are offer services in?
There is a pending transaction on my account for when I tried to get money from the ATM earlier and it did not work. Can you fix this?
I lost my phone. What do I need to do?
How do I input a new address?
Top up did not work on the app.
I noticed my card was used in a small town that I have never been to. Can you stop the card from being used more?
The contactless payments are not working.
How long should I have to wait before I see the transfer in my account?
Help, the ATM didn't give me all the money I requested
How much will I be charged for a cross-currency exchange?
I transferred money but the recipient says it has not arrived. Why would this be?
IS there anywhere that a card cannot be delivered?
May I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
My bank card has expired, how can I get a new physical card?
Is it possible to change from AUD to GBP?
Can I use app to freeze my card and dispute fraud?
Is it possible for a person who lives in the US to get a card?
Can I make multiple online transactions with my virtual card?
What currencies will this app exchange?
My transfer did not go through.
How do I go about transferring money using my credit card?
I got charged a fee that shouldn't be there from my cash
The date my card expires is coming up
I didn't make a payment at this business.
I think someone else is using my card.  There are transactions I didn't make.
What does it mean if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
What is the highest amount I can top-up?
If I have a physical card can I link it?
I'm still waiting for my top-up to go through
I didn't get the all the cash i wanted from the atm
I would like to exchange currencies
Why is there a pending transaction on my card?
Why am I being charged a fee on a card payment?
Is there any fees associated with receiving money with this account?
How to order a virtual card
Is it possible to give a second card for this account to my daughter?
What to do if my card is about to expire?
What fiat currencies are used for holdings?
So, I tried topping up my card for the today. Unfortunately, it failed. A couple of days back I used it and it works fine. Can you double check and tell me what's going on?
Is there a reason my payments are pending?
I can't figure out why I haven't gotten my cash, when I already put the check in the bank.
Is there a limit on how much I can withdraw from my account without being charged?
Does this card work everywhere?
What is your age limit?
How do I verify my identity online
Why was I charged a fee for transferring money
How do I receive money from someone?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get it to work. Is my card with issue? It's the first time I tried using it.
How long does it take to get a refund on something I bought?
Is there a limit to how much I can top-up?
My card didn't go through.  It doesn't make sense.  You told me that everything was ok.
I'm trying to verify my top up card, how do I do that?
Where can I find the verification code for the top up card?
I have obtained the salary in GBP, will it need to be configured?
Why does my transfer say it is pending?
Is there a charge for physical cards
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
Can an American resident apply to get a card?
What countries can I use the card in?
Can I order a disposable virtual card?
When are cards delivered?
What fiat currencies do you allow exchange with?
how do i see what i transferred
I received my salary in the wrong currency. How do I change this?
Can I add money in intervals to my account?  I will be traveling.
I thought I lost my card but I found it today, so I would like to reactivate it.
I wanted to know about a pending dollar that is on my statement.
I have been charged twice
I can't figure out why a transfer is still pending?
Did you start charging for cash withdrawals? I thought it was free so far but noticed suddendly there is a fee. How much do I need to pay?
My money transaction hasn't arrived.
Is there any way to Auto top-up?
Where can I get my currencies exchanged?
If I want a friend to top off my account, can they?
Can you tell me the foreign exchange rate?
If the ATM only gave me 10 pounds instead of the 30 I requested, what do I do?
Will I get charged on a foreign currencies exchange?
Hey I want to buy some crypto but the app doesn't allow me to! What's the issue, I really want to exchange this
Does auto top-up have a limit?
Does it cost to top up my card?
Does transferring money have a fee?
Are there steps to see where my funds come from?
I wanted to know why my transaction didn't go through.
I tried to take out cash but the amount isn't right, so what do I do?
Does it cost anyting to get my own card?
What is the top-up limit on my cards?
Assist me please with card activation.
What do I do if my top-up has not gone through?
What do I do if I think someone has used my card without permission? I can see a few transactions I don't recognize.
Changed details is essential, what steps do I take to do so?
I locked myself out of my account, how do I unblock my PIN?
I need more physical cards.
disposable virtual card can be ordered where?
Payment I didn't do.
Where can I verify my identity?
Will my card work at all merchant locations?
how do i get a pin for my card
Is it possible to track the card you sent me?
Where can I order my virtual card?
I need to hold money, what currencies can I use?
There is a record of payment I never submitted on the app.
I can't find the PIN.
How do I add the card I just received to show up in the app?
I want to change my address.
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not do.
I didn't think my country-to-country money transfer would take so long. It still says that it's pending so I re-checked all of the account information--everything seems right, so what's the deal?
The refund doesn't show in my account
Can I pay for my gas using my Apple watch?
I think my card payment has been reverted
The service of this company sucks, I need to terminate my account.
I don't want the item, I bought it on accident, can I get a refund?
Please explain how I use the disposable cards?
The transfer to my beneficiary has not gone through
why was my transfer declined
Why won't my top up go through?
What happened to where my top-up was canceled?
How do I deal with a blocked PIN?
I received my card, how do I get it to work in the app?
What are the reasons for a declined transfer?
My top up didn't work.
If I am running low on credit can I auto top up?
How long are deliveries to the US?
I payed with a card and was charged an extra fee
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or try an alternative
Would I be able to refund an item?
What methods can I use to add money to my account?
I'm trying to figure out the current exchange rate.
I think I was charged twice, please help!
I transferred money but the recipient does not see the funds in their account?
I can't see the transfer that I put in.
Why is my top-up showing as reverted?
Let me know when applying extra charges for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
I am travelling and I tried to withdraw cash but didn't get what I was supposed to get.
How often can I top up my account?
How do I top up by card?
I was trying to use my card and it was declined, when I tried to find out what happened I found cash withdraw for $500 that I didn't do.  Can you please help figure this out?
my virtual card has not came yet!
Where do I pay with my card?
My card got charged twice for the same thing!
I do not remember the code, what should I do?
I get paid in GBP. Should I configure this and if so, where?
I have a strange transaction for £1 on my statement, what is that?
The exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
Can I convert currency with the app?
My account statements show a debit payment that I didn't make it's from some time ago I need to know if it is disputable.
What do I do to get a disposable virtual card?
Can I top up with cash
How do I replace my card?
I can't figure out how to transfer money into my account.
I'm pretty frustrated about a pound charge that keeps  showing up in my account statement. It's listed in the app as "pending", it never changes, and now I'm thinking someone's hacked my account!
What do I do if I can't get my card out of the ATM?
The ATM won't let me take out cash
in china, need new card
What would the price be for an expired card replacement and how long will it take me to get it?
Is it free to transfer money or is there a fee?
If I feel someone has my card information, can I get a new card?
The exchange rate for my withdrawal isn't correct and doesn't match the actual exchange rate.
I'm not sure why I was charged an extra fee for transferring funds.
Does my account have the option to hold multiple currencies?
i need to expedite my card
app doesnt think its me
I went to do a transfer and it was declined.
What is the refund procedure?
Please help! I need a refund on a transaction on something I bought and I need the refund right away!
Can I use my salary for this?
Seems like my transfer was declined how come?
What currencies are supported?
I've never been to that store.  That's a fraudulent charge.
I can't log in with this passocde
My transfer was declined. What might the reason be?
Problem verifying my account
HOW LONG TO TAKE THE TIME TO SOLVE
What is the number of transactions for one disposable card?
I have lost my card! What is my next step?
What about a auto top-up?
What is the fee for topping up a US card?
Is there any way to verify who I am?
Is there a way to modify my details?
My card still hasn't arrived after two weeks, now what?
Can I withdraw money in my hometown currency while on holiday without any additional fees?
I finished my transfer. I am having an issue with it still pending. It has been a long time and i'm growing impatient
Do you charge extra for topping up with a debit or credit card?
Somebody is taking money out of my account without my approval in another town separate from me. Please place a freeze on my account until I can make it to the bank.
Can you accept my other card from the U.S.?  It is the only other one I have.
The ATM didn't give me enough money.
What is your exchange rate between UK pounds and Russian rubles for my last transaction
Why does the top-up need verification?
Why isn't my refund on my statement?
Are new cards available from China?
Will I be able to use my card anywhere?
What caused my cash withdrawal to be declined?
How to exchange my currency
For some reason my account's been charged an extra dollar.
Can I stop a transaction?
I need to update my demographics.
I must change my address.
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App is on pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Can I get my friends to add money to my account?
How can I cancel my transfer?
Help me cancel a transfer.
How can I convert currencies?
Do I have to pay for a second card?
What steps are taken to transfer money into my account?
How long is the delivery to the US?
Is there a fee to order a physical card?
What is the tracking number for my card that was mailed?
Is there a specific date i can have it delivered?
I lost my phone and would like to freeze my accounts.
From which age can my kids use your service?
How do I link a new card?
Can you provide me a disposable virtual card?
Can you help me transfer money into my friend's bank account? I tried to do it but it keeps rejecting me. I need to get the money in there asap. I have enough and all the account info is correct.
I didn't do a payment and I have it now.
I've tried completing a very standard transfer and have already attempted it 5 times. What's going on here? Is there a problem with your system?
I can't get the ATM to give me any cash
Do you have an auto top-up option?
Transferred to account is not successful, help please?
Can you explain why the ATM is giving me less money than what I asked for?
My card is about to expire.  How do I order another?
How long does it take for a payment to go thru? I made one a few days ago and it has not been cleared yet.
beneficiary transfer problems?
I couldn't get cash at the atm
Please delete my account, this company is not working for me!
This is terrible, i want to delete my account
How long will delivery to the US take?
I was suppose to be getting a refund for something I purchased a while ago, but It still hasnt been applied to my account. When will I get my money back?
Hi. I noticed I have a duplicate charge which I have not made twice. Who should I talk to take care of this?
My card has been pending for a while, what should I do?
Why am I not seeing the check I deposited this morning in my account?
The ATM shows a withdraw of the amount of money I requested but I didn't revieve that amount in cash.
I made a payment but the app gave the money back.
I bought an item and now I want a refund.
When do I see my recent refund in my statement
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment is.
Can my salary be received and transferred to my current currency in my country?
How long to I have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
Please help me with my card. As i have tried to use my card in two different ATMs but repeatedly it was declining by ATM.
How old do kids have to be to open an account?
Do you process SWIFT transfers?
I contacted a seller about a refund last week but he still hasn't returned my money. I am frustrated and need these funds. Please help me get my money back.
Can you make exchanges using the EUR?
I have a US credit card, will you accept it?
Salary in GBP has been received. Does it need to be configured into another place?
My card is being declined online. Could you tell me what might be broken or wrong with the account?
When will my transfer finish pending?
I need several cards per day. And I need to be able to throw away all of the cards I make.
Please, tell me why I can't have the funds I deposited a week ago? I need the money now.
What is the estimated wait time on a US transfer into my account?
How do I verify my top up?
Can I use my account although my identity verification has yet to pass?
I need help fixing my contactless. It's not working anywhere I go today.
I think my transfer failed. What do I do now?
I need help reapplying my top-up. It seems it isn't working.
What are the reasons why a card payment would be declined?
A payment is pending
Why hasn't my transaction been completed?
What's the expected wait time to recieve my new card?
How can I prove who I am?
My google top-up pay is not going through
What types of fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
My card is lost! What do I do now?
I attempted to top up but the app denied it.
Is it possible to receive a Visa and a MasterCard?
A transaction is repeated several times on my account.
What is the length of a transaction completion?
I have forgotten my passcode to access my app
My payment was stopped
There is random cash in my account.
I need to transfer money into my account, HOW?
My address has changed. How do I report it?
Is there somewhere I can send a check to add to my account?
I would like to reactivate my card.
can I choose a date for delivery?
What do I need to do to get a card?
Can i have a card to my daughter?
Can it add money automatically while travelling
How much do I have to pay to accept an international transfer?
Please tell me how I verify my identity.
Hello, what is a virtual card and how do I get one?
How long will my ATM withdrawal be pending?
Can you give me the restrictions of the disposable cards?
I tried to get gas but my money was gone!
where can i deposit a check
is a transfer to a beneficiary allowed?
Is there an option to top up a with cheque?
Do I need to establish I am paid in GBP before a transfer?
Are your cards available in Europe?
I think something went wrong, I didn't get the right amount.
Do I need a photo ID to activate a my new card?
Where is my refund? it appears to be missing.
I need mastercard as well as visa
I need to add a serious amount of cash to my card, how do I do that?
Does the card you sent have a tracking number?
Why can't I transfer to another account?
Hi I'm waiting for a refund for an item I bought. I have contacted the merchant directly but had nothing back. Can you tell me whether or not you are able to refund me for the item?
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal is pending?
I want to start using my card, how do I activate it?
What is the process for getting an actual physical card?
Can friends add to my account
My card is stuck inside the ATM, what am I supposed to do?
that fee should not be there, you charged my cash for an unnecessary thing.
Can I call to get my card activated?
What do I do if the ATM swallowed my card?
My top up did not go through yet.
Why can't I complete my transfer?
How can my friend pay me?
Can you help me get Top Up to work in the Apple Pay function?
why is top up pending
Are there restrictions for ordering extra cards?
My statement shows different transaction times.
How come a fee was charged when I tranferred money
When will my transfer process?
Why did I get a $1 extra fee on the statement?
How old do you have to be?
Top up my card please, which y'all support?
My contactless payments don't work.
I have a transfer that was declined.
I tried topping up using my card, but the money is gone?
Where is the cash deposit I made?
Can you help me reset my password?
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
My card payment has had the status of pending forever. What is the issue? It should have gone through at some point.
How often am I able to top-up?
I lost my phone! Will my card still work?
When I went to withdraw cash today the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash. The app is showing a larger amount.
I need help as fast as possible! I made a mistake on my most recent transfer; can you please stop it before it goes through?
What are Interbanks current exchange rates?
Please list what fiat currencies are supported for both holding and exchanging.
How do I interconvert between AUD and GBP?
Where can I order a card when I am in China?
Hey, I got charged extra for some reason when I purchased an app. Is this a hidden fee or something? I don't think it's very cool.
The app denied my topped up.
What's the deal with verifying the top-up?
atm refused to give me money
Tried using my ATM card earlier at one of your locations for the first time.  It didn't work.  What is going on?
How to I transfer my funds into my account?
My cash deposit from a week ago hasn't shown up. I need the money - how quickly can you sort this out?
What would the age limit be?
Which cards and currencies do you support?
I tried to top up. Why was it denied?
How do i activate my card
How can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
What can you tell me about getting a virtual disposable card?
I have a direct debit on my records that is strange and I need help.
Which currencies do you accept for adding money?
Let me know the steps for the identity checks
I need help from someone in your department with finding my nearest ATM.
How long does my top up pending last?
I purchased an item and the exchange rate was wrong
Why can't I take $100 out
Is there a disposable virtual card?
Looks like my top-up has been cancelled
I only own one other credit card from the USA. Will it be accepted?
Why can't you allow my beneficiary?
The app won't let me log in as myself.
How long will the transfer take?
My account seems a bit off and getting weird charges.
Would I be able to get a second card?
What is the base of the exchange rates?
A debit came through that I need to dispute.
Can you tell me what I need to do to have my pin changed?
Why did you charge me extra for withdrawing money?
Can you look to make sure the exchange rate is correct
How long is it going to take for my funds to show in my account?
I tried to pull cash from an ATM but it wouldn't let me.
Why is the exchange rate different than expected on my transaction?
If I need delivery on a certain day, is that something that could be accommodated?
I'd like to have another card
I was charged and shouldn't have been charged when using my card!
Which ATMs accept Mastercard?
What is the top-up limit for my card?
My actual card isn't working.
I just want to top-up, why do I need to verify anything?
What do you need so I can verify my identity?
is there a fee for a transfer? if so how much will it be?
I think that the exchange rate for the withdrawal of my cash is not right.
I noticed a different charge while I was taking my money out.
Mastercard is preferred to me.
What are the steps for identity checks?
Why hasn't my cash arrived from a deposited check?
Will the duplicated payment be refunded?
How do I reset my password?
Tell me if there is a top-up limit.
I goofed up and used the wrong account.  Please help.
I want to have an item refunded can I do that?
How long do transfers take to go though
where can i see money source?
Where do I need to go to change my PIN?
What are the exchange rates?
Why am I unable to transfer money when I was able to before?
A shop I go to didn't let me pay.
How do I order a new card when my old one is ready to expire?
Why can't I withdraw money?
Why did I get charged a fee for my transfer?
Why do you need code verification for my top up?
I would like to cancel my order.
What are the charges for receiving money?
The exchange rate would be?
I need this item refunded
How long does transfer from the US take?
The transfer I made isn't reflected in my balance
I need you to stop the transfer I just started as soon as possible, I just realized it's not correct!
Are there any restrictions on the disposable cards?
I want a physical card
Please cancel my last transaction.
How can you assist on verifying my identity?
Can I get a mastercard?
Can I use visa or mastercard with your service
Where do I find our how to get a physical card?
How long will it take to urgently transfer something to China?
How to verify my identity
Why have i been charged a fee for using my card?
Why isn't my deposit in my account?
I found my lost card in my jacket pocket this morning so I'd like to reactivate it please.
What's the best way to use a cheque to top up?
how can the money machine keep my card what do i need to do?
I see cash withdrawal activity in the app that is not mine.
What is wrong with the exchange rate? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
Is a non-electronic card available as well
Please help me get a new card, I reside in the United States.
I don't know why my payment didn't work.
Where is my card?
how long does it take to transfer money, my retailer is waiting
Hi, I have withdrawn cash from the ATM on holiday and i guess withdrawal amount has been overcharged. I did it as i was not aware of these charges.
I made an error in payment yesterday and I need it fixed asap because it's for my rent tomorrow.
What are the currency exchange fees?
Is there any way to get another card on the same account?
Why is my card being declined at the ATM? I have tried multiple ATMs and i keep running into the same problem. Could you verify that everything is okay with my account?
Why hasn't my transfer gone through yet?
My exchange rate isn't correct.
My card got trapped inside an ATM, what should I do?
Can I use google play as my primary app to Top up?
What is the time for a transfer?
I want a virtual card that is disposable
I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
Can I hold more than one currency?
Can my daughter make an account?
What is the way to go about getting a virtual card?
Can I have an item refunded?
What other currencies can I hang onto?
My latest transfer seems to be missing.
I went to an ATM to get cash, but the app says the withdrawal is still pending. How is that possible when I already have the cash with me?
And what about the Card's PIN?
I believe that my card has been stolen!
Can you tell my why my card payment has been reverted.
The cash I tried to draw from the ATM was not approved.
Someone withdrew money from my account, and it wasn't me.
Is payment required to get a card of my own?
I lost my wallet and I think someone is withdrawing cash with my card. Please help. It is urgent.
Can i get a single use virtual card
Who do I contact if there is a direct debit that I did not create.
Can I use a credit card from the US to top up?
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I think it's blocked. What do I do?
I haven't received the PIN yet.
Is it possible to get a real card?
How long does it take to get my money
I hope to get a Visa card
Hello. I looked at my account and see that a transaction I tried to do is pending, but I did not complete that transaction. When I was at the ATM, the machine declined my card. Can you make sure that transaction does not go through because I definitely did not receive the money.
Can I get both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
What source do my fund come from?
Where in the European Union can I get a card?
I no longer want this account, what should I do?
is there a limit for top up?
Which flat currencies can I use from you?
I need to deposit my virtual card, how do i do that.
How come the money from the merchant appeared back into my account?
I'd like to make a new PIN selection.
Will it take more than 3 days for my transfer to reach my account?
My card would not work at a shop.
I think my card payment had been return
Can Google Pay be used for top up, please help?
My PIN is locked, how do I unlock it?
What factors effect the exchange rate?
How can I change my address?
There is a payment showing on my app that I didn't do. Will you please cancel this payment and refund my money ?
While doing a transfer, it says declined.
Would you please tell me the status of my refund request for a large purchase I made not long ago? I contacted the merchant nearly a week ago, but haven't received it.
Nothing goes through on my card.
I made a cash withdrawl and there is a charge.  What is this?
Can you tell me what currencies I can use to add money?
Is there a way to verify a card top-up?
How can I tell the source for my available funds?
If my card becomes expired what can I do?
can i get a card if I live in the usa?
Can I top up using my cheque?
I was charged an extra fee for a card payment. I was unaware of these fees beforehand.
How is the top-up card verified?
I need to exchange some foreign currency. What's the charge for doing that?
My cash withdrawl has the wrong rate of exchange.
Is it okay to use a bank card to top up
Am I charged if I make a top-up?
I believe a wrong exchange rate was applied towards a cash transaction I made abroad.
There's a payment in the app that I didn't authorize.
Is it possible to refund an item?
Can I deposit a check?
Yesterday I topped up my card. Why didn't it complete as it still pending?
My funding to my card didn't go through.
I have a top up card. Where is the verification code?
Why is it taking so long for my pending transaction to post as cleared?
Why was my top up cancelled?
Do I have to go into the bank to change my PIN?
What cards and currencies can I use to top up my account?
I can't use my card.
How do I go about cancelling a transaction?
My top-up showed as complete, but it's no longer there! What's going on here?
Does delivery to the US take long?
I did a cash deposit to my account but my balance is still the same. What happened?
Where can I check to see if there will be a fee added to my payment? Are there specific instances that will result in a fee added?
What is the appropriate age for my child to be able to open an account?
What do I do if my card is stolen?
Does Apple Pay give the option to top up?
Can I mail in a check to top up?
What reasons would a topup fail?
why isn't my top-up going through?
Does it cost anything to do currency exchanges?
I topped up last night but don't have any funds, why not?
where is the code for verifying the top up card?
Which ATMs accept this card?
Can you explain your refund policy, please?
Who do I call to cancel a transfer?
got married, need to change account name
At which locations can I order a card?
My card has not been delivered yet and its been a week since I ordered it, please help
Whats types of currency can I exchange?
How much does it cost in fees to use your card?
I don't have my cell phone with me so I cannot access the system to complete the transaction.
Why did I get charged a fee, I thought it was free?
Can you tell me more info about virtual disposable cards?
I no longer need AUD, I need GBP instead, how can I make this happen?
If I want my son to have his own account is that possible?
When I got cash, I'm pretty sure there was a glitch that overcharged me.
Why do you need so much information about my identity?
My new landlord is a lier and is trying to rip me off by saying I've not paid my rent when I have paid my rent.  What is going on?  They say the money hasn't got to them but I see it going out of my account.  Can you check that the money went to the right place?
Is there an age limit?
Problems with top up
i am not a premium customer but i want a virtual card, how do i get it
I might be paranoid, but someone may be using my card.
I withdraw money abroad but I didn't get the right amount.
I want to close my account. The service you provide is unsatisfactory to me.
Do you provide cards to people not in the UK?
What does it mean if my payment has been reverted?
Is cash good to top up with?
It has been forever ago that I made an order online. The product simply is not coming. Just give me back my money because I'm not paying these people.
Can I get a card? I live in the US.
I would like a Visa card.
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working?
My PIN isn't working.
Is there a way to tell where the money came from?
I tried my PIN too many times
How do I deal with a stolen card?
How long will a transaction to a friend take?
Why is my identification required?
How do I know if my top up worked?
If I want to be able to give my daughter a card for my account, would I be allowed to get one for her?
Why are there additional fees for transfers?
I used my card and there was a fee
If the transfer details have already but reviewed and confirmed that they are correct, what other reason would cause my transfer to be declined?
Help me create several temp cards every day.
My cash withdrawal charged me the wrong exchange rate
Hello! I need to order a disposable virtual card. Where can I do that at?
How do I go forth on verifying my identity?
Can you explain to me the way to verify my top up has gone through?
How do I link this new card?
There is a refund missing.
How man currencies can I hold?
How can I modify my details?
Please explain the fee on a transfer I made.
What kind of money can I hold?
I have not received the amount of cash i was supposed to.
What different currencies can I get?
Since I just got married I need to change my name.
CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW TO TRANSFER MONEY INTO MY  ACCOUNT FOR ME?
Hey, I tried to withdraw some cash earlier and it's saying it's pending? Will I be charged for this?
Can you freeze my card it was stolen
Why has my new card still not come?
How do i set up my credit card to send transfers?
cash and check deposit has not gone thru
I have been trying to make transfers to another account but I keep getting a declined notice. I have checked all of my information more than once and my information is accurate.
Where Is the top up verification code found?
How come I can't find my payment?
Is there a transaction limit for a disposable card?
My cash deposit from a week ago is still not in my account. Can you help me please?
What cards and currencies are supported?
I've made a card payment a couple of days ago now but it looks like the money is stuck. How long does it typically take for the payment to go through?
Why won't cash come out of the ATM?
I would like a refund for something I bought
how should i add money to my card
My payment for my card is not working
Am I able to do top-ups with Google Pay?
How can I top up my Google Pay?
|I moved out of my old house two weeks ago and cancelled my direct debit to my old landlord, this direct debit was working fine.  Now I've moved in to a new place and set up a transfer to a new landlord but it's not reached her yet, can you check it please?
I'm not okay with this fee on my statement.
How long does it take for a money transfer to show?
How many times can I use a disposable card?
The ATM wouldn't allow me to withdraw money
Can you transfer money to your card by bank transfer?
I exchange currencies a lot.  Can I get a discount?
I lost my phone.  What do I do to block someone else from using my account?
What method do you use for the exchange rate?
How long does it take for a new card to ship?
The correct amount of cash was not received.
I a having trouble proving my identity
How do I change to AUD from GBP?
Why is there a direct debit to my account? I didn't do that.
Can I setup top ups in advance?
Report stolen card
Can you tell me how many currencies I can hold?
Visa or Mastercard?
I am still waiting on my card?
top up cancellation
How many disposable cards can I make in a single day?
Why is there a direct debit payment on my app that is not from me?
I didn't see the money I added to my card.
Seems like my top up has been cancelled
There was money taken out of my account, and I'm pretty sure I didn't do it.
How do i receive a physical card?
Could you inform me as to why I have been charged a higher fee for doing banking abroad.
is there a reason that my payment didnt go through
I need to transfer something from China, How long will it take?
How do I get my PIN unlocked?
I need to top up, but I have to use an international card.  Is there a cost for that?
I refilled my account balance but got an error message.
Explain why my top up would be reverted.
Where did my deposit for my source of funds come from?
Is there anyway, I can get a disposable virtual card?
Why can't I see my topup in my wallet anymore?
I want a refund for an item
Is there a few for exchanging foreign currencies?
How can I exchange AUD for GBP?
Can I use cash to top up my account?
Do I have to verify the top-up?
Can I use app to reset PIN attempts?
I transferred some cash and it didn't arrive
I made a cash withdrawal at an ATM but it still says pending in my account.
I received the wrong amount of cash back
how do I top up my money automatically
Is there a specific date it can be delivered by?
I need to see where my money came from.
Can you tell me exactly what fees I will expect to see in regards to your cards?
I need someone to assist me with explaining how much I can top-up.
Please tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
I would like to have assistance with activating my card.
Can you make sure I get a MasterCard and not a Visa?
I need a new card, my current card is nearly expired.
Can my daughter also have a card issued in her name, but linked to my account?
After making a payment with my card it doesn't seem to have worked. It's just showing to be pending. When will this actually be going through?
Hi, I am new to this. Are there any additional fees or charges that I should be aware of? I was looking through the app and I thought I saw something in regards to fee-free allowances.
The cash withdrawal exchange rate is not correct.
Why was I charged an additional fee when paying with card?
Is it possible to also get a disposable virtual card?
I can't get cash from the ATM!
Is there a fee for european bank cards?
Why would the app show a withdrawal that I did not make?
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but less than the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you tell me about this. What's been going on?
Does it cost extra to exchange foreign currencies?
Which merchants accept this card?
How long is my Europe transfer wait?
I am seeing unathorized transactions in the app, on my account.
i needed money for a night out with the girls but i was declined, why?
I have a confusing payment appear on my statement and I don't recognise it!
Yikes!  I didn't get the amount of money that I requested.  What do I do now?
I need help cancelling a transaction.
This debit is not my transcation. How do I get my money out back?
I would like to know more about what a disposable virtual card is?
Why was a transaction on my card declined?
The app is not able to realize that it is me.
I could not get my card to work at a shop.
Something is wrong with the top up! I'm a regular customer and use your service all the time, usually this works but now it just shows up as pending
You promised no fees but now I've got one. What the hell!?
I made a mistake of transferring, can I cancel my previous transfer?
I don't think the exchange rate was right.
I  have been charged more than I should for the presents I bought  when abroad, the problem seems to be the exchange rate.
The day before yesterday I transferred funds to another account within the country.  The funds have not yet arrived.  I double and triple checked the account number and it was correct.  Why hasn't the transfer been completed yet?
I no longer want to keep this account.
What does it mean to have a pending cash withdrawal?
Where is my money that I transfered?!
I made a cash withdrawal but the pending status is taking forever.
Are there limits with top-up?
How do I troubleshoot my contactless?
Why is my payment still pending?
When I made a cash transfer abroad the wrong exchange rate was applied
went somewhere else, need to change details
As for limits are top ups included?
I don't understand why my payment was declined. I thought everything was ok.
I took out some cash from the ATM but it is still showing the transaction is pending.
I need an accurate exchange rate, when I make my withdrawals.
One of my transactions needs to be canceled.
I didn't make this payment and it's on my app
Is there a limit on top-ups?
My wallet was stolen and all my credit cards were in there.  HELP?!!?
show me how to transfer to my account
Please update me on whether you have received the funds for the refund of the large purchase I made recently. I have requested this from the merchant days ago but still haven't got anything.
Can I transfer money to my credit card?
Do you accept SWIFT transfers?
Why did my transfer fail?
Can you let me know where my refund money is? I requested a refund a few days back, but it's not showing up yet.  Do you guys have the money yet? Maybe it's just not in my account.  Let me know when it will become available, please.
My card stopped working. How do I check if there is a freeze on it?
I had a decline on my card. Why?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been actually charged though...
Hello,  In my most recent ATM transaction, I didn't receive nearly as much cash as I thought I would - what is your exchange rate policy?
How long do I wait for a transfer to take?
my cash balance less than what I thought
Is my top up not working?
Can I use this app to change money?
If my card payment is cancelled, what should I do?
I have a fee and I don't know why
Can I get cash with this card anywhere?
What is the disposable card for?
I wanted to use my contactless at the metro today but it didn't accept it!
Does the package with my card have tracking?
I'm going on a trip soon and I needed to convert my Russian ruble to UK pounds, but when I did, your company charged me above the exchange rate. Did you mess up my transaction?
I need AUD not GBP, how do I change it?
Can someone help with my passcode?
I would like to know why my payment is still pending, can you help?
When do I receive my PIN
Can my account me accessed by a thief?  I was mugged.
What happened to my top-up?
How long do bank transfers take to clear
Why is my purchase showing as pending?
My top-up is taking a while to process!
I'm supposed to have a refund but it isn't there
When can I expect my transfer to reach my account?
Why was there a fee when I pulled cash?
How do I receive more physical cards
Please, activate my card
Can I top up my account with a cheque?
What is the process for activating a new card.
I want to change my PIN.
My card is just not working at this time.
I can't get my Google Pay Top to work. Are there any issues on your end?
I need a second card, can I have more than one?
can other people use the app to add money to my account
There is a direct debit payment I don't recognize.
I'd like to discuss an order I placed quite a long time ago. I have yet to receive it and am growing upset.  I want a refund as I now refuse to pay for the product.
Can you tell me where you get your exchange rates?
Please tell me, do you use Visa or Mastercard?
how long do money transfers take?
My disposable virtual card was rejected.
I haven't been able to complete any transactions on my card today. Do you know what's wrong?
Can I use Apple Pay to top up?
How can my new card be activated?
The terminal I paid at wouldn't take my card. Is something wrong?
I transferred some money but the receiver can't pick it up for some reason.
I need a disposable virtual card, how do I get one?
I used my card to make a payment a while ago and its still pending, Why is it taking so long?
How come I have pending transfers?
Can both a Visa and Mastercard be received from you?
How long until transfers complete?
Please show me how my friend can send me money.
How can I see where my money comes from?
Can you please explain why the exchange rate for the item I bought is wrong?
Why is there a fee for getting cash?
Where is a ATM that accepts Mastercard?
I did a bank transfer and my balance isn't current.
Why would a cash withdrawal be pending?
Is there something wrong with the ATM? It would not let me pull cash out of my account.
How do I apply for a refund?
How do I get a disposable virtual card as well?
If I need to top up with cash where should I look?
Why hasn't my money transfer showed up yet?
Can you please assist me in Apple Pay, in getting Top Up to work?
What options do I have for holding currencies?
I got some cash of an ATM earlier but this shows up as pending in the app. How can this be still pending, I've got the cash already?
I wish to close my account. I do not like the service you provide.
Can I have money of different country of origin.
Is there a way to reset my PIN?
Why is my physical card not working?
What is the limit on disposable cards?
What is this strange payment in my account?
Hi. I'm a new customer to your system and I think something isn't working right - or maybe it is. Maybe you can confirm. I tried to top up today (my first time ever) and it's been stuck at "pending" for over an hour now. Is it supposed to do this or is there something wrong in the system?
There is an unauthorized payment in my statement.
Why was I unable to finish this transfer?
Why hasn't my return cleared my account?
I deposited a check yesterday and Im not seeing it in my account. i need the money, is there something wrong with my account? check it out please
My card is going to expire, what do I do?
Someone might be using my card.  What should I do?
Can I get my card expedited?
Will there be any extra fees for European bank card for top up?
help, I see money missing I didn't take out.
Help me set up a new PIN?
I'm having issues with my card. You guys keep declining it for some reason. I haven't had any issues up until this point. What is going on? I've tried a handful of times with the same, unfortunate, result!
Are the top-ups limited?
think someone is using my card with permission
Why has my card been declined?  whats the deal?
Do I get charged for withdrawals?
I am wondering if International Transfers take longer. I a made a transfer from France two days ago and believed it would be here already. Please let me know when I will get it!
I just got this card & I don't know how to activate it.
I recently bought something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect. Why?
Can the card was sen to me be tracked?
It's declining my transfers. Normally this works, but my card is being declined now and I've tried more than once.
The money is still in my account even though I already paid -- I don't understand what happened.
Why am I being charged for ATM fees?
The company is no good, please terminate my account.
Can I pay online with my card?
What should I do if I exceed my PIN tries?
How do I contact customer support about my declined transfer?
Is there an issue with my account?  I don't see a cheque deposit that I made yesterday.  Please assist.
I recently got charged twice from a restaurant that I was at this week and I would like for one of those payments to be removed from my account.
Could you explain your rules for ATM fees?
I have no idea why my card payment did not work.
I can't recognise this Direct Debit payment.
What am I going to need in order to activate my card?
Why has my card declined
What are your supported countries?
The ATM wouldn't let me have my money.
I want to use a European bank card for a top up. Must I pay?
Some cash I didn't get shows in my app
How do I get a PIN?
Is it possible to reactivate the card I thought I lost but found this morning in my jacket?
I didn't receive all the cash I asked for
Why did I get charged for a transfer?
I can't be sure, but I think that someone may be using my card.
Hi! I was wondering if you can help me. I used the city centre ATM to get some cash, but the machine declined my card. My account shows that transaction is still pending. I didn't receive the money, so please cancel that transaction.
Is it ok for a friend to send me money?
Hi i received an error message informing me about the transaction failure. I have done the money transfer before and it never failed. Please let me know what is the issue this time.
I just replaced my phone so do I have to make a new account?
I need a second card on this account for my daughter.
When will my top-up go through?
I have moved.  Where can I update my details?
Says that my top-up is incomplete?
I used my card top-up but all of the money is missing.
My new card has not been delivered to my home yet. What is going on?
Can I order a card please?
Do you accept Mastercard?
How do I use a disposable virtual card?
Are there any ATM's near me that accept this card?
How can my account have money transferred into it?
Whats the minimum age to have an account
The passcode isn't working for me.
Im waiting for my transaction to go through.
I did not receive all of my cash back
I have a cheque here, can I use it to top off my account?
What do you need to verify my identity?
What countries have access to this service.
Someone besides me might be using my card.
Since I need to exchange currencies frequently, would you be able to offer me a discount?
Can I exchange currency for different types?
I found my card, I would like to reactivate it.
Can I use the apple watch to make a top-up?
Which outlets accept my card?
I have checked the account information several times to be sure that it is correct, but the in country transfer I did a few days ago still has not appeared! What is the hold up?
I did not receive the right amount of cash.
I would like a virtual card- where can I purchase one?
I've just got married and want to change my name.
What are the steps in order to activate my new card?
From where can I withdraw?
Why would my topup not go through?
What can I do if I lost my card?
can you limit my top up?
Can you tell me where to find top up by cash deposit?
I am not receiving the correct exchange rate on my card.
How do I know it is a Mastercard ATM?
I was charged multiple times for one transaction.
I need a disposable virtual card.
How do I top up? Can I use my apple watch?
I didn't see any reason why my transfer was declined. What gives?
My card payment doesn't work.
Pending transfer?
Can you tell me your exchange rates?
I need to cancel a transaction on my debit card.
is my card PIN saved in the app
I'm not sure where this charge came from.
How do I report possible fraudulent activity on my account?
what is the leadtime for a new card to show up in the mail?
When will my pending payment finish?
Do you know how to change my card PIN?
Do you ship cards to where I live?
Do you support top ups?
I made a cash withdraw and it shows up as pending why is that?
Why is there an extra fee charged?
Do you know the rate of exchange?
There are two of the same charges on my account.
How long do tranfers from a UK account usuallt take for you? I just made a transfer and nothing shows up, so just wondering if things went ok
Did a WD earlier at an ATM.  The amount showing in the App is more than I got though.
Who gets support?
I would like to get your card in EU. Is that possible?
My cheque is slow to cash
why do i not have a virtual card
What should I do if someone stole my phone?
What is the system for determining the exchange rate?
Do you know why my card payment has been declined?
I would like a second card.
Why am I being charged extra when I withdrew money?
Does your app allow currency exchanges between USD and GBP?
Looking at my statement I see that I was double charged for a payment I made.
I am having to wait for my transfer to be fully processed. It seems to be taking a very long time in the pending phase. What is the normal turn around time that I can expect to see it completed?
Where can I see where funds came from?
oh my god I lost my card! what should I do?
I would like to revert a transaction I did this morning
It kept my cash
How do I update the PIN on my account?
Is there tracking info available?
can I top up an apple pay?
After transfering some money my balance hasn't changed.
i have been trying to top up my account with a check but it won't work
I can't find my phone; what can I do to prevent someone from accessing my account on it?
I look but I see no virtual card. Why is that?
Is there a fee associated with using foreign exchange ATMs?
I just moved. How do I give you my new address?
Why was I charged for transferring money?
Where in the app do I go to make my new card show up?
What is the max top-up?
I want a refund, but I haven't received the item yet. Can I cancel it and get my funds back? How do I do that.
When will my money be in my account?
It appears my top-up is still pending.
How can I get my physical card to work?
Can I electronically transfer funds into my account from my American Express?
Why does my transfer still say it is pending?
The ATM I'm standing in front of only gave me 10 pounds rather than the 30 pounds I wanted. The app shows I took out 30 pounds also. What do I need to do to fix this?
I found my card, how can I use it again?
I pulled cash from the ATM earlier. Why is it still pending if I already have the cash?
Do you charge extra for duplicate cards?
Why are there fees for using a card?
It is extremely important that I cancel the transfer I made yesterday and put the money into a different account.  Is this possible?
The rate for a currency exchange was wrong when I bought something.
What places accept my card?
How can I find the top-up verification code?
My credit card was just denied for top up! Can you tell me why this happened and what's going on?
Can I update my details?
How can I reset my darned PIN number?
top up did not complete
Is there places where I can't withdraw money?
How can I get a Visa and Mastercard?
Can you please help me in canceling my order.
Can I reactivate my card? I reported it lost and found it this morning in my jacket.
I misplaced my phone so I can't use the app! Does this mean I can't use my card?
What's a verification code?
Can I edit my personal details?
Why, when paying with the card, was I charged an extra fee?
May I use my account now, even though the identity verification has not gone through yet?
How do I verify my new card?
Can you tell me if my pop-up went through?
How would I be able to make changes to my personal details?
Can you delete my account please?
Why isn't my top up working using my saved American Express in ApplePay?
My card has been charged two separate times for a single transaction.
My husband and I went out for our weekly "dinner and a movie," and it was my turn to pick up the check. Now I see that my card was charged twice. Who should I contact about negating the second charge and getting my card credited?
I want to add money to my card, what payments do you accept?
What do you use to figure out the exchange rate for the card?
I attempted a transfer, but it failed.
why is my top up failing
I forgot my password
What do I have to do to get a Visa card?
Why was there a transfer fee on my account?
MY transfer has still not appeared.
I did not receive the correct amount for the exchange rate.
Why can I not get cash from the ATM?
I'm sure I have enough money so why didn't the store accept my card?
What is the source of the money in my account?
Do all ATMs take this card?
The ATM only gave me 10 pounds when I withdrew 30. What do I do?
I have lost my card, but need to place an online order! How do I get a virtual card instantly?
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. This is cause for a bit of concern. Is it possible to withdraw here without additional fees?
My account shows I made a debit payment to someone that I can't recall and would like to find out who the payment was made to.
Can you tell me what are disposable cards for?
Is there any way i get a disposable virtual card as well?
is apple pay eligible for top up
Are there any top-up limits that I must follow?
My bag got stolen with all my cards. Can you please cancel my card and send a new one?
If I top-up by using a trasfer are there charges that applied?
Which ATM's accept my card?
Let me know when you charge for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
I want a virtual card!
I was given the wrong exchange rate when getting cash
How much does it cost to get more cards?
My address needs to be changed.
Top up is not working even though I have my AMEX in apple pay.
Can I send a cheque to do my top ups?
Am I allowed to transfer money to a beneficiary?
Can I obtained a Visa Card
I would like to delete my account.
Can my friend send me money if it is not in US dollars?
What is the time frame for european transfers?
Where do your cards get delivered to?
I just did a money transaction but its not showing they received it
why am I being charged a fee for transferring money ?
Could you please help me figure out why the seller has not received their money after I sent it.
Is it possible to have both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
I need help. I asked for a refund from a merchant a while ago, but I have not gotten my money back. I keep checking my account, but nothing is showing up. What should I do now?
Is there a fee for exchanging currencies?
My top-up hasn't gone through, what happened?
Do you support all fiat currencies?
What services can I use to top up?
Are you aware of any charges for receiving money?
I don't think I made this payment that is showing up
I have transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed
Do you charge if I use a European bank card for top up?
It appears I have a fee in my statement.
my card was not in the mail again can you advise?
Why do I have to verify the top-up that I started?
Is there a Mastercard ATM nearby?
When will I receive the card?
I would like to activate my card to use now, can you help me?
What documents do I need for the identity check?
I have an account at another bank, but I want to transfer some of the money to my account here..
What is the rate for exchange fees?
I need to urgently transfer something from China. How long will it approximately take?
from where are coming your exchange rates?
Could you please check one of my transfer which i made few hours ago from my UK bank account, as its not showing yet.
How do the disposable cards work?
How come my transfer got declined
I need to reorder my virtual card!
I need to exchange a currency - can I do that here?
What is the verification process for my card?
Am I allowed to use any card to make a payment?
Why am I still waiting for a transfer?
How much can I top up in a day?
I would like to know if you use Visa or Mastercard.
The app doesn't believe its me.
What is the point of verifying a top up?
I want to use auto top-up. Is there a limit?
My child needs a card, how can I add them to the account I currently have?
I need to cancel my recent transfer. I made a mistake. Please help quickly before the transfer goes through.
Can you tell me what the disposable cards are used for?
Can you tell me how to change my PIN?
So I've been using my account frequently to manage payments for my vacation house in a different country, and now I'm getting hit with ridiculously high fees! What's with that? Ought not I be rewarded as a frequent user?
I cannot find my refund on my statement.
transaction failed?
After inputting the wrong pin too many times, can you now help me unblock my pin?
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transaction
I am not satisfied with your service.  Close my account.
Why is my check still not showing up on my account? It's been a week already
What are the limits to using disposable virtual cards?
What do I do with my "decline" message on a transfer?
when should I receive my refund
My card was used without my permission, what do I do?
Is there anywhere my card will not be accepted?
I need to activate my card can you do that now?
I am confused as to why my transfer could still be pending.
Does it cost anything for exchanges?
I used my pin too many times.
The card has suffered a security breach.
My money is back in my account after a seller contacted me stating they never received payment. I am positive it was deducted out of my account. Please get this sorted out right away.
Why has my top up not gone through yet?
My phone is lost I don't want someone to use my account, what can I do?
I would like to make sure it is delivered on a certain date.
When I was traveling abroad, the exchange rate was applied wrong.
I have a transaction that shows multiple times.
Can I exchange and hold all fiat currencies?
Can I link an existing card?
My statement has a payment that I do not recall making
Can I auto-top up?  How do I do it?
Is this card accepted by ATMs?
Why are my payments not working and show pending?
top up by my card is that possible?
My card has been lost! help!
What payment methods are used to top up?
During the last month I used this account to make payments for my place abroad. I noticed the fees have increased and I wonder why. Shouldn't frequent users have less fees as incentive to keep using instead of increasing them out of nowhere?
Why check my identity?
I'm not sure why the card payment didn't work.
A while ago i requested a refund from a seller. I keep checking my statement but I have not been refunded yet. I'm confused why i haven't gotten my money back yet but I need your help getting it please.
Help! I forgot my PIN and have been locked out of using my card.
What is the procedure for me to get more cards on my account?
Which documents do I need for this identity check?
I was blocked by using the wrong pin too many times, can you help me?
I want my account deleted!
I can't find the money I just added to my account.
Can I use top-up with Apple pay?
I am noticing that a refund of a large purchase still has not been credited to my account. I contacted the merchant a few days ago and he assured me that he would submit it right away. Is there a status update?
I would like to get a physical card, but I don't know how. Can you help me?
Why is it taking so long to update my balance transfer?
What is delivery speed to the United States?
Card delivery services? Where?
I don't have a PIN at this point.
I forgot my code to get into the app.
I had a cheque deposited, but I still haven't seen the cash.
Is there a fee for transfer top-up?
My cash withdrawal shows pending, why?
I didn't cancel my card payment.
When will my payment go through?
can you tell me where to find the top-up verification code?
My daughter need a card from this account. Is that possible?
I am still waiting for verification.  Can I use my account before I am verified?
How do I re-order a damaged card?
I don't recognize what this payment on my statement would be for.
How do you decide what your exchange rates are?
In the app, I see a withdrawal I didn't make.
Why can't my beneficiary access my account?
What are the reasons to be charged a fee on card payments?
I made a currency exchange and think I was charged more than I should of been.
My phone has been lost or stolen
I need to know the if there is a limit on the amount for auto top-up.
Why was I charged an extra fee when using a card?
I would like to dispute a payment I didnt make
I made a purchase this morning, and it is showing as pending.
I have been charged way to much so something is apparently wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds.
The money disappeared when I tried to use my card to top up.
The top-up is pending.
I went to withdraw some cash earlier today, but seems the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash! The amount showing up in the app is a lot more
I need to know if you will accept my credit card.
Is there a top charge for US cards?
lost my card in atm
Can I exchange an item for a refund?
What different ways are there for someone to send me money?
I would like to not have to do the identity verification.
I need my account checked because it appears there is a problem. I attempted to update my balance yesterday using cheque but it doesn't seem to have worked.  Should this not be faster than this?
My order needs to be canceled.
Can someone in the US have a card?
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but the app says I did
My card payment has been on pending forever. What is the problem? It should have gone through at some time by now.
I mistook my pin and now I am locked.  Can you unlock me?
I deposited a cheque with some money, but the balance hasn't changed.
can i see money source?
Three months ago I bought a new house for my cat, fluffy.  Unfortunately Fluffy was not a fan of the house and it had to be returned to Pet Smart last week.  They said they have sent a refund but it's not there, can you tell me where it is?
Can you explain why there is a payment showing twice?
Do you take both Visa and Mastercard?
I tried to top up with my card but it was declined. I was able to a couple days ago and it worked. Is something wrong? Can you check it for me please?
I have been waiting over a week. Is the card still coming?
When will my card be here?
The balance does not appear to have updated.
Where should I withdraw money from?
I've tried my card a bunch of times and it never worked.
At what age can my children use your service?
What do I do if there is an electronic debit that is not correct?
I tried to use my debit card, but the payment did not work.
How and where can I find the identity checks?
Someone attacked me yesterday and took my things, so I am unable to use the app.  I am in need of some help.
how does my statement get updated so i know when a refund will reflect on my balance
I'd prefer Mastercard.
Will my card be here soon?
I just got a new card, and I want to know how to activate.
Why did I get charged more than once?
My transfer failed, why did that happen?
I made a cash deposit almost a week ago but it's still not there!! please sort this out asap I need the money
Did a card payment that I made get cancelled?
Why am I having trouble withdrawing cash?
I saw money was taken out of my account by a seller a while back. I do not recognize the seller, but I'm pretty certain I didn't make that payment. Can you track who the seller is?
i have been trying to add money with apple pay but it wont work, why?
Can you tell me how to close my account?
What type of deposits do you accept into my account?
How much is the charge to top up my card?
There's been a transaction to the wrong account.
I found my card! Can I link it back into the app?
Are you able to locate my card?
there is a debit i dont recognize
What age do you have to be?
Where does the exchange rate stand right now?
I think a fee was applied for paying with a card.
The transfer finally worked, but how long does it stay pending?
Is there a fee for paying by card?
there's a delay in my top-up
I don't know why the deposit I made a week ago still hasn't showed up, I really need the money now.
how do i get the card linked
Show me how to verify my identity?
I noticed my exchange rate was incorrect when I got cash.
What information do I need to see my source of money?
I've made a bank transfer but the money doesn't seem to be in my account.
why do your exchange rates change
What are the restrictions to top-offs?
Please tell me how the exchange rate is determined. I was expecting more money for the transaction.
I would like to verify my source of funds.
How do I accept exchanges to EU?
The transfer is coming up as pending the payment is due today. Will I be charged a fee?
This exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
Can I return an item?
Why was there a fee on my cash withdrawal?
I tried to transfer funds to a beneficiary and was denied. Can you tell me why?
How long will it take to transfer something to China urgently?
Why was the exchange wrong for the item I purchased?
why would a merchant refuse a payment
What do I need to do to verify my funds?
Will money be added automatically when necessary?
Are there any charges for using a bank card to top up
When my card expires, will I get a new one mailed to me?
What should I do if I think someone is using my card.
My card is lost! What can I do?
I would like to link my card. How do I do it?
What US credit cards do you accept?
how come i was declined
I have multiple charges on the same transaction.
There was a purchase on my card recently to a name that I don't recognize at all. What can be done about this? I need my money back.
What do I have to do to change my pin?
Is there a way to find an ATM around me?
I would like to have a Mastercard.
I have a transfer that's pending and wanted to know how long it is going to take to process?
I would like to alter my personal details.
Is there a fee to add money to an international card?
How do I receive a card?
The top-up has a definite problem! I regularly use your service and haven't had a problem before, but now the top-up just shows pending. Please tell my why it continues to show pending.
Why is the exchange rate on my card payment different than I expected?
Is it possible to deposit money in GBP?
i need help finding the auto top up option.
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but it was not authorized
Hello, I wanted to get some more information about ATM Withdraw Fee. I have been withdrawing money for years and notice this charge on my account. I always thought it was no fee since its you guys ATM company that I am withdrawing. Can you please explain?
I was charged twice for the same purchase!
What is the maximum number of transactions I can make with one card?
I see money go out that I didn't withdraw.
Can I choose my Visa or Mastercard?
My card is about to expire.  Where do I get a new one.
Where can I use this card?
How long does it take for a payment to change from pending?
I cannot use my PIN.
Can my salary be received here?
Tell me why my transfer is declined.
I use this card all the time so why did it get declined at the store today?
How can I change USD to GBP?
Why do you need my name and ID
why do I have a pending payment?
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't create. I don't know anyone by that name.
Can I get support?
I thought I knew my password but I guess I was wrong, what can I do now?
I want to cancel a transfer I just made.
Can I use an auto top-up option?
My card stopped working after multiple transactions. Why?
How do I top up with a cheque?
Could you please freeze my card immediately?
My card was eaten by the cash machine what do I do?
Does the app allow for exchanges between currencies?
I got charged for with a fee for paying with my card.
Why did I get a transfer declined?
I have heard about these disposable virtual cards but don't understand how they work.
Help! I need to transfer something to China.
How long do transfers take, mine just says pending?
You have declined my  payment.
I need some help with identity verification.
I want to make a currency exchange to EU.
What are the fees for using a European bank card?
Would I be able to open an account for my daughter?
A fee came along with me paying with card
What is the charge for using a Top up card in the US?
cash deposit to my account has shown a red flag.
My card payment might have been reverted.
Do you have a children account available?
My phone was stolen, what do I do?
How do i cancel a charge?
where do you find your exchange rates?
May I change my PIN?
If I transfer money from my bank to top-up my account will I be charged?
I still have not received an answer as to why I was charged $1.00 in a transaction?
I have done a transfer within the country a couple days ago, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
What do I do if I see a cash withdrawal on my account that I don't remember making?
What do i need to verify my id?
Am I charged more for using the ATM?
My card payment has been declined, why?
Is there a charge to use a Top up card in the US?
Why am I being charged to make cash withdrawals? I thought they were supposed to be free!
Does this program take SWIFT transfers?
So what about the card PIN?
Why can't I verify my id?
How long with my cash withdrawal stay pending for?
What are the guidelines for the disposable cards?
Is there anywhere  In the  Eu  this card can not be delivered in
Is there a way to top-up automatically?
In exchange for top ups will you take fees?
There is a direct debit charge on my account that is not mine.
I would like to link my card to my account.
I would like a virtual card...how do I get one?
I would like to report an issue with my product and want to get it refunded
Why do I have two charges It should only be one charge?
Why is this payment pending?
Why would a transfer to an account not be allowed?
I am not supposed to be charged a cash withdrawal fee, but I was.
I am not seeing a refund in my statement.
What happens when I am charged twice?
Hey i need help urgently. I just realised I sent my payment to the wrong account number, there is a typo! Please cancel it immediately, I can't do it anymore from the app
The person I sent money to hasn't gotten it yet!
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Pls it's urgent
Can I directly transfer my salary onto here?
What are the steps I need to take to verify my identity?
Something is wrong with my payment account since it has been declined
I am not able to see the card PIN anywhere?
Hi, It's urgent, please freeze my card. As someone has withdrawn money using my card in odd remote town. Since i have not done this withdrawal. Do it fast.
What do I do if I still have not received my new card?
My cash withdrawal was short.
This Direct Debit payment may not be right.
I wanted to know what discounts were offered for current exchanges as it is something that occurs frequently.
Where can cards be delivered?
It seems that something went wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds but have been charged entirely too much!
Why can't my ID be verified?
Do physical cards cost money?
I topped up but the app declined it
Are there any limits on where I can use my card?
Won't let me top my card up!! Who can get it sorted out for me? It's urgent! How do I find out what the problem is with my card and how else to top it up?
What are the steps for my friend to send me money?
Is it possible to edit my personal details on the app?
I've checked multiple times to make sure the account number listed is the right one after attempting to make a transfer within the country the day before yesterday. The transfer is still not available so can you please find out what is going on?
I can't see my refund in my history.
May I get an account for my daughter?
Rates were applied wrong while using foreign currency at an ATM.
My transaction to pay for an item was returned to my account.
Did my refund go through? It's not on my statement.
Why am I being charged twice?
What is the necessity of verifying the top up?
My card has been compromised. I see a bunch of online shopping charges that I didn't make. I need to freeze it immediately.
How long will it take to verify my account?
What is needed to activate my card?
My top up hasn't gone through yet, why?
Please help me with my card payments which keeps getting reverted whenever i do online shopping. I am having this problem since last two weeks.
Why is the transaction not posting?
I was issued a new card a week ago but still haven't received it. How long will it be until I receive it?
How did you guys get your exchange rate?
I thought transfers were free of charge.  I bought something abroad and got charged a ridiculous fee. How do I get this problem fixed.
Why was I declined when I tried to get my money?
Why are you charging me for ATM withdrawal? It has always been free before.
Can I possibly change my currency to another?
Where is the PIN number found?
Why have I been charged more than once for the same transaction?
Help! I just realised someone has apparently withdrawn money using my card! It's from some odd remote town where I definitely haven't been. Please freeze it immediately!
Why does a cash withdrawal show as pending?
My disposable virtual card wouldn't process my payment?
Cannot access my top up.
I ordered a virtual card but it hasn't come through yet
I think my wallet fell out on the Tube today! I realized as soon as I got to my desk. How do I cut off the card?
I would like to return my purchases
Can I put my found card back into the app on my phone?
Can I change my in at all ATM's?
The app will not let me into my account.
Can I choose my card scheme?
My cash deposit hasn't posted to my account.
What is the reason for the extra fee on my statement?
I must quickly transfer something from China, and I need to know how long it will take.
I wasn't allowed to transfer to my account
What are the cards and currencies that you support?
I checked the app and saw an extra cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize
I still haven't seen a refund on my account
Why does my account not accept cash deposits?
For what reason did my top-up fail?
There are multiple instances where you added a fee to the payment, as well as some where you didn't. Do you have an outline of when a fee will be added?
What do I do if I have exceeded all my PIN tries?
Can I use this card at an ATM?
Tell me why my virtual disposable card won't work.
What is this extra fee while I was doing a transfer?
What are the fees for a physical card?
what is source of my funds, need to verify
I need help with activating my card
Are all fiat currencies supported?
I need help finding the verification code on the top up card.
How do I use my card if I lost my phone?
What currencies and methods can i use to top up my account?
Hi, i was checking my old statements and found a discrepancy with a large amount transaction. I am sure it was not done by me. Please let me know if i could raise a dispute as its very late.
I'm confused. My contactless is suddenly not working anywhere that I try to use it. How do I fix it?
Could I get a mastercard if that's reasonable?
What's taking so long for this payment to go through?
Someone stole my cards!
I couldn't transfer money to a beneficiery
Hey I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It's not that difficult to transfer money to another country in 2018 is it?
What do I do if my phone was stolen?
I don't understand why I was charged an additional fee for this service. Can you clarify?
What's the card you sent me's tracking number?
ATM withdrawal not working.
I am only 17. Can I make an account?
Someone else is using my card, freeze it.
What countries do you operate in?
How do I make contactless work
What's the reason for needing to verify my identity?
What is the max I can top up?
Can you tell me how to order a virtual card?
How do I report fraud on my card?
Where can I find the verification code on a top-up card?
I need to top up, can I use google pay?
Why would I be charged an extra fee while doing a transfer?
Why isn't my balance updating after depositing cheques and cash.
What kind of cards are supported?  What currency?
I don't have the means to prove my identity.
Is it possible to change my PIN?
What do I do if I forget my passcode?  Because I did.
Please cancel my most recent transfer, it was a mistake. This is an emergency. It needs to be canceled before it goes through.
I would like to request a card.
How do I exchange AUD for GBP?
What is the most I can top-up?
how do i get a virtual card?
Where can I do a cash withdrawal?
Are there any charges for topping up my card?
How many disposable cards can I have?
I need a disposable virtual card. Please tell me how to order one.
A fee was charged for my recent withdrawal.
Has my card been lost in delivery?
Is it possible to hold money in multiple currencies?
Help! I think someone has made a cash withdrawal with my card!
Will I be charged a fee for topping up using a European card?
Can I make online purchases with my card?
My contactless stopped working today for no good reason. It's not working no matter where I try to use it. Can you please help me fix it?
Will I be charged for adding money using an international card?
Why is the fee for taking money out so high?  I feel I was overcharged and I would have never used this ATM if I would have known ahead of time.
How would my friend be able to send me money?
I'd like to delete my account.
What is the limit to number of transactions I can do with a disposable card?
Will you be adding more currencies in the future?
Is there any age limit?
How do I re-add a card to the app?
You sent me a card and now I want to link it.
How do i transfer something faster than normal?
Should I complete my security verification before I can use my account?
Can I still access the app even though my phone was stolen?
Can I check to see where the funds came from?
Where can money withdrawals be made?
Why is there an identity check?
Is there a fee for physical cards?
There is an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account for 500£.  I definitely didn't make this withdrawal.  I need your help.
how do the cards work?
phone is gone
Where do I go for a refund?
I got charged and extra fee when I transferred money so why was I charged?
Even though it's late, I wanted to see about disputing a charge. I was just looking through my transactions over the past couple of months and noticed a pretty large amount that was not completed by me. Is this possibly something I can still do.
I think a payment I made with a card was cancelled.
why was my payment reverted on the app
How do I get my card active?
I need to change my name what do I do?
Looks like my card payment was duplicated. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Do I need any kind of documentation for the identity check?
How can I exchange to EUR?
What's the web address to unblock my pin?
Is it possible to get a transfer from SWIFT?
I must have entered my PIN wrong.
When can I order a disposable virtual card?
My card payment has been pending for a long time now. Why is it taking so long to take. It should have already made it through.
I cant get money out of the ATM with my card.  I just put my card in the ATM but it will not allow me to take any money out.  What do I need to do to fix this?
i know i entered the right info, but my top up isn't in my balance
My wallet was stolen, along with my cards. How do I put a freeze on my cards and order a new one?
I added money through a bank transfer and it is not showing in my balance.
I have foreign currency i would like to change how much will it cost me?
I want to know the source of my funds.
Where to check top ups pending?
How long do top-ups take to go through
I Submitted a cheque couple of days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.What could be the possible issue?
My card has been found. Is there any way for me to put it back into the app?
Is the 1 pound charge going to be reimbursed on my card?
How do i go about linking a new card?
how much for a physical card?
I am unhappy with an item I bought. How do I get a refund?
What can you do to unblock my pin?
How long do transfers need to come through? I sent some money to a friend, she needs it urgently, but seems it's still not there yet after a couple hours.
I made a payment with my card that was cancelled?
How is my PIN sent?
I bought an item and noticed the exchange rate was not correct.
When is my balance going to update, I just transferred some money
What do I do if my card is expiring soon?
I deposited some money, but the balance has not changed.
What ATMs can I withdraw money from?
Cash deposit to my account but it has not appeared.
I didn't receive the right amount of cash back
I'm not satisfied with the services that you are providing.  I would like to end my services and delete my account.
I  do not see a top-up processed.
Is their a fee for top ups?
How can I freeze a stolen card?
How would I change my details?
What is the pending payment on my card about?
There is a Direct Debit that I don't recognize.
I completed a transfer within the UK two days ago, but it is still not showing received.  I have verified the account number is correct already.  Is there anything else I need to do or is there a problem?
What is the youngest age for an account?
Help, I need to top up my account. Where do I send a check?
app does not recognize me
I finally got my new card and was very excited to use it today. However, my payment kept declining. What is happening?
the product is not working, can I get a refund?
How many top-ups am I allowed to do?
What is the charge for exchanging currency?
I would like help to revert a transaction I did this morning
How can I find your exchange rates?
I need some help, I thought you guys accepted crypto top ups?? It won't seem to let me do it. I put money in my account and now it's gone and I didn't spend it. Where did it go??
Tell me how a top up would be reverted.
Why is there an extra fee on a transfer?
I got a strange fee when I used the ATM.
How do I order a virtual card?
My account says a withdrawal is pending - why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
I want to get a virtual card!
Can I pay with my card anywhere?
I tried taking money from the ATM but no money came out, but the transaction is still pending? How is this possible?
Does topping up my card have a fee?
How can I prove the source of my funds?
What do I need to do to change the address on my account?
I got double charged from something, what can I do?
What's the top up limit?
I went to top up my card and it was cancelled.
€1 was in my statement as an extra fee.
I have not used my card all day, however, there is an unusual payment showing in my app.  I would like to have that amount reimbursed.
What do I do if I think someone has used my card?
I deposited a check a few days ago and it's still not gone in! Please help me with this
Why is there an extra fee on my statement?
I need to order a  new card, mine is about to expire and I need to know how much it will cost and how long until I receive it.
I can't get into the app with the passcode.
Can you look at my account ans see why my card was declined
Why can't I top up with a cheque?
How much is the exchange fee?
Can I change my pin at a cash machine?
where can i have a virtual card
Can I freeze my card right now?
I paid two weeks ago and just got refunded
What do I do to unblock my PIN?
Why do you need to know so much about me
I don't know where a direct debit payment came from
Is there a reason my transfer failed?
Currency exchanges have any extra fees?
I see a charge of 1L I do not recognize on my statement
What is the limit to disposable cards you can have?
I think a card payment I made was cancelled.
How do I use the app if I don't have my phone with me?
How long does it take for transfers to be approved?  I sent funds to my girlfriend, and she says that she has not seen any approved funds in her account.
How do I get my cash withdrawal to show?
I am seeing pending from the card payment I made.
How can I Use thereto-top option?
I had an unexpected fee
How long do I need to wait to see an update after I make a bank transfer?
I haven't received the money from the check I deposited.
The amount of cash I selected to withdraw is different than what I received.
What's taking my top-up so long?
I need my card quickly
My card was declined today when eating and I need to know what's wrong.
How can I fix a problem where my virtual card is rejected?
Is there any way I could open an account for my daughter?
Does the PIN come under separate cover?
Over the holiday I withdrew cash from the ATM and it seems that I was severely overcharged. Had I known that I would be charged those fees, I would not have used the ATM!
Can a card stop working?
Is it normal to have to wait over a week for my new card?
why wasn't a transfer to account approved
I noticed that my card was charged more than once for one thing.
I would like to be assisted with the activation of my card.
I need to transfer money into this account from my other bank account.
I did not get the item I ordered.  How should I go about this?  Should I just cancel my order or my payment?  Please help me.
Is there a limit for top-ups?
Is there a way to undo a transaction?
It says "pending payment?" Why is it saying this?
What do I do if my card is about to expire?
What are the additional charges for a SWIFT transfer?
When I put the wrong pin too much, I got blocked, so can you help me unblock my pin
I requested a refund from a merchant several days ago, but don't see anything showing up in my account yet.  Can you check on your end to see if the money has reached you guys?
I think the rate that was applied to my purchase using foreign currency is wrong. Help!
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do to keep using my card?
Can it be delivered by a specific date?
Where are the ATMs that accept this card?
I can't see a top-up top-up verification code.
Why do I have to give you all of my identification details?
I transferred money, but I think I've been charged a fee for it?
I would like to edit my personal information .
Can it be delivered on a certain date?
Can am I able to exchange currencies?
Does the top-up need verified?
Is this where I order a virtual card?
Can it automatically top-up money if there isn't much left?
Where is the transfer to my account that I made?
I need several disposable cards made per day.
Why was I charged extra on my app?
Is there a charge for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free.
How do I retrieve my passcode?
Can you tell me why the card payment came back?
how do I link an old card?
How does it work when I transfer money into my account?
I bought an item that I was charged a different exchange rate for.
Where can I obtain my virtual card?
Is there a reason behind why my transfer did not work?
What do i do if the exchange rate was wrong for the item i bought overseas?
How did you arrive at the rate of exchange? I thought that I would get more cash.
How do I use my new card?
is there a limit to top up
I need to change a transfer.
I didn't get the right amount of  cash because of the exchange rate.
The NFC payment wouldn't work on the bus today. Help?
Why isn't my topup working?
I am inquiring about why there was an extra fee charged when I used an ATM.
How much does it cost to make transfers?
Is it possible to get a Visa here?
Can I make a contactless payments?
How do I get a new card as your machine swallowed mine!
Hey, I attempted to top up my card today and for some reason it didn't work. When I did it the other way it worked just fine. Could you help me figure out why this is happening please?
Someone else used my card!
Am I going to see a charge for a SEPA transfer?
Transfer unable to be completed, states 'declined'
how long will it take for my transfer to stop pending
Would reinstalling the app solve the problem?
My card activation is failing.
I got less cash because of the exchange rate.
The conversion rate on the ATM that I used with foreign currency was wrong.
I am looking to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service provided by you.
Help me verify my identity.
I got my new card where do I go to activate it?
Hey, I ordered a thing but changed my mind and want a refund on it. Since I haven't received the thing, would you just go ahead and cancel the payment for me?
You've incorrectly calculated the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
My payment had a wrong exchange rate.
What is the length of time for money to reach the account?
i did not get any money but still was charged
To many charges on my card how do I go about fixing that?
do i need a pin
I noticed that there is a withdrawal in the app that is not mine.
What is the status of my card's delivery?
Do I get a choice between Visa and Mastercard?
Explain what the pending payment means?
When will I see an updated balance after a transfer?
Is EUR one of the currencies you deal with?
Hello, I went ahead and checked my account details to be sure, and they are definitely correct.  I've had a transfer pending for a while, and I can't understand why it hasn't gone through yet.
Am I the only one who can top-up my account?
I received an extra charge for using the card. Why?
There is a payment that I made that hasn't gone through yet.
what is my monthly spending limit because i was refused my money at an atm
It seems you keep declining my transfers. Before, it's always worked very well.Just now when I tried to buy something the card was declined. I tried more than once and it was the same thing each time.
This stupid system is not letting me prove my identity.
I did a transfer to my account but it doesn't show up
Does it cost anything and how long would it take to get a card if I need a new one? My card is about to expire.
How do I freeze my card using the app?
Does the auto top-up have any limits?
I tried to buy something online but my funds were transferred back to my account. What is happening?
What do you require for identification verification?
My attempted transfer failed.
Are there any hidden limit on the auto top-up?
I think someone got my card details and used it because there are transactions i don't recognize. What do I do now?
There is a odd withdrawal on my account.
I ordered a card and would like to know how to track the delivery progress of it.
Fix my top up
I've tried looking for the auto-top up option on your website and I can't seem to find it. Can you help me?
How do I find out why my card won't work?
What are the reasons for my beneficiary not being allowed?
I saw a fee on my app from one of my payments and I wasn't sure where it came from. Is there a way you can tell me when there's an additional fee for my payments?
Top up not available in my wallet.
I would like more physical cards
I believe that the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawl is incorrect.
Why doesn't my passcode work?
Can I be topped up once I hit a certain balance?
There is a strange charge on my debit statement
Where is the top-up verification code?
Why do I have a transaction showing up more than once?
Need help to get my card to work.
Can I use SWIFT transfers?
How long does it take to receive my card?
Hi, I don't think your exchange rate is right. I need you to check the official interbank exchange please.
What methods are available for my friend to send me money?
My card is being used online to make a bunch of purchases! Someone else is using it fraudulently. Can you help me freeze it?
I put money into my account in the form of a cheque, but my balance did not change.
What information am I going to have to have in order to do a transfer with my card?
I just received a new card, where do I go to link it to my account?
My ATM transaction was unsuccessful.
I have an account that is empty of funds. Can I transfer some from another bank?
Please can i get a disposable virtual card as well?
There are strange transactions on my account.  What should I do if I think someone stole my details?
Please help!  The app won't let me cancel a money transfer.  I accidently sent money to an account that wasn't mine.  I need this cancelled immediately.
I am so angry right now!  I went to the ATM and did not get the correct amount of money I chose to withdraw.  How could this happen?  I need my money and want to know how I can get it ASAP!
Can I top up online?
I think I got charged twice for the same thing
I believe someone is using my card without my agreement!
What do I do if I think someone managed to get my card information?
I need a few more physical cards.
Did I do something incorrectly? Where is my top-up?
What are the most current exchange rates?
How long do transfers from Europe take?
What caused my top-up to be returned?
Where can I get a second card?
My payments from my virtual card keep getting rejected.
I did not get the right amount of money when I used a different country's currency.
Why won't my transfer go through?
What ATMs use this card?
How do I receive my physical card
Why was one of my transfers declined?
I was under the impression ATM cash withdrawals were free. Why was I suddenly charged for my most recent ATM transaction?
When will I get my card?
I would like to cancel a purchase.
I want to know how to transfer money with my credit card
What is the reason my top-up is still pending?
I want to make an online purchase but I don't want to use my credit card. Can you tell me how a disposable virtual card works and where I can apply for one?
I don't see any change in my balance.
Can you  tell me how to get AUD not GBP?
How long does it take for money to transfer?
When will I get my new card?
Can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is in my statement?
What are your currency exchange fees?
I am very upset that i went to use my new card today and it kept getting declined. Why is this happening and what do I do to not have it declined?
What methods can I use to top up my account?
My top up doesn't work
I've got a problem - I bought something with my card one or two weeks ago, but now exact same amount of the purchase is showing up in my account. I like more money in my account, but this is too good to be true. Can you tell me what's happening?
I would like to change my PIN but I am not currently in the country.
Someone stole my wallet with my card in it while vacationing in Spain. I really need my card blocked and a new one ordered.
It looks like my card payment was sent back.
I'm confused as to why my top-up did not go through.
Why are my transfers being declined? It normally works but now it's declining my card. I've tried it a few times but it's still not working.
Why does my payment appear as pending?
I need a refund on an item I have not received.  Am I able to simply cancel the payment?  I don't know how to do this.
Do i have to wait to get the pin or can i set up a pin
You charged me more than once for the same transaction!
I would like to use one of my cards for a family member. Is that allowed?
I tried updating my balance by cheque yesterday but it doesn't seem to be working. Shouldn't that be faster? Please check my account something has gone wrong there.
If my card is about to expire, do I need to order a new one?
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it's just not working
How do I go forth on holding money in multiple currencies?
How do I get the Top Up feature on my apple watch working?
I need to order a new card, can you please direct me to the virtual cards?
Is auto top up a provided service?
I want to know how many different currencies my money can be in
How's the exchange rate looking right now?
I need to cancel my recent transfer immediately, I made a mistake there, please help quickly before it goes through
In the past month I often used this account to manage payments for my new holiday villa. Now all of a sudden your fees have increased exorbitantly! Don't you have a rewards programme for frequent users?
Why is my card payment still pending? It should have gone through already.
Why is the transaction to my friend still pending?
I want to get a Visa and Mastercard, is it possible to get both from you?
What do I do since the machine swallowed my card. I need one.
How will I know when I get my refund?
Why is it I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM?
Why hasn't arrived yet a transaction I did to my friend?
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried another time today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
What type of fiat currencies do you support?
Yesterday I had my phone stolen.  Please advise what I should do.
I want my card I just received to show up in the app. How do I do that?
I made a check deposit but the cash hasn't arrived in my account yet.
How does my identity get verified?
Where can I get my card at?
I want to use my card, how would I activate it?
I have money in a foreign account that I want to send to this account.
Can I use my account without verifying my identity?
When did I get a $1 extra fee on my statement?
Where do you deliver cards to?
Please help me as my online payment is getting declined since yesterday while i am trying to purchase something online.
What are the steps for depositing cash into my account?
My card is about to expire, what do I do?
My throwaway virtual card won't work
There is a Direct Debit that looks suspicious.
I'm really upset because I made a typo during a transfer and now I've sent money to the wrong account.  I can't fix this with the app.  Please help me immediately!
What does a transfer cost?
The app says I got cash from an ATM but I didn't
my phone was taken yesterday, what should I do about my account?
How much can I top up on my card?
are there any country restrictions?
Why did I have to pay an additional amount when using my card to pay?
i dont recognise some of these transactions, i think someone has my card details
I want a Mastercard, instead.
I have no idea why there is a dollar that has been charged to my account.
I was trying to use my virtual card at a merchant and it was rejected. How can I fix this?
Why hasn't my recipient received their money?
How do I avoid getting charged a fee on my card?
I was trying to use contactless earlier, but it didn't work.
Hi, Today i have tried to make payment by my new card, but payment got declined many times. I am very disappointed, please look into this.
Your service is terrible,.  Delete my account,
How can I transfer some money into a foreign account?
Am I gonna be charged for sending out more cards?
I have questions about how to transfer money to my account.
Where is my top-up generated from?
Do you know if my top-up has been cancelled?
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times with this card and it is just not working.
What should I do if I lost my card?
If someone sends me money, will I be charged?
Please delete my account right now!
Explain why my card payment wouldn't go through.
Help me.  The passcode doesn't work.
What is the top-up limit?
What if my top up is reverted?
Why could I not get cash?
Which ATM's can I use to make a withdrawal?
Why are the payments being declined on my new card?  I tried several times to use my new card to pay for my gas at the Shell station in my neighborhood.  I am very distressed about my new card not working.
Is it possible for me to change my PIN number?
Set a new PIN please.
The atm wouldn't give out cash
I believe my credit card was stolen.
I think my card payment was cancelled. What happened?
My card payment was reverted, why?
I believe I left my smartphone at the hotel I was staying at.
I think the payment from my card was revereted
There was a problem with the exchange rate on a purchase.
How do I unlock my account after typing in the wrong PIN too many times?
Is there something wrong with my ATM Card?  Tried using it earlier and it did not work.
What is the wait time for delivery to the US?
What is the maximum transactions for one disposable card?
I made a bank transfer but it doesn't seem to have gone through?
Can someone explain why I'm getting a message on my screen saying my transfer isn't possible? I've done several in the past and haven't had a single problem until now. What's going on?
Any place that takes Mastercard would be fine.
I'd rather not verify my identity.
Where do I go to reset my passcode?
How long do I have to wait for a US transfer?
What is my identification used for?
Why do you require so many identity details?
Do you accept exchanges to EUR?
I requested for a top-up but it has not reflected
Is there a fee for topping off a US card?
What happens if my card expires?
Will my friend be able to top off my account?
I do not like this, I made a simple transfer but I have an additional charge for doing so.
I need help with understanding why my card is not working.
I would really like a physical card.
my balance has not changed, despite depositing a cheque
Someone used my card without my permission.
Can my daughter open an account?
you got the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal
I want a backup second card. Is this possible?
Is my child too young to sign up?
My card is expiring soon.
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket this morning.
I would like to close my account, as I'm not happy.
I'm waiting for my transaction to complete.
What currencies do you accept for adding money to my account?
What places will accept my card for payment?
Do charge fees for transfers?
My card's expiring a month from now, should I place an order for the new card?
I would like some more physical cards, what is my limit?
What is the refund process?
How long does it take for a refund to appear?
Can you send me more cards for my account?
Where will I find my card?
If my card was lost or stolen can I re-link it?
I found my lost card. Am I still able to use it?
Where is my PIN?
Why does the ATM continually decline my card? I've tried multiple times on different machines with the same results. I thought I had enough funds for this, so please help me understand why this is happening.
Why was a payment cancelled on my account?
More fees, this time for withdrawing my own cash. Why are you robbing me?
Which one are you?  Visa or Mastercard?
Is there a way to revert my transaction from this morning?
There is a withdrawal on my account that I don't remember initiating.
How do you exchange currencies
I tried paying with my disposable virtual card earlier but it was rejected. What can I do to fix this?
Do you know why my card payment was reverted?
Help me to set up contactless payments.
I am not able to use the app since I forgot my phone at the hotel I was staying at.
Can I get a refund on an item?
What are disposable cards?
Are there any documents needed for the identity check?
my friend has not got the money I sent last week.
I haven't received my pin
Why was I denied the option to transfer money to a selected beneficiary?
What countries do your services support?
What is the need to verify my identity?
I tried to take out some money from an ATM earlier today and it was declined. Looking on my screen now, I still see that it's pending for that amount. I didn't actually get that money, so I don't want it processed on my account.
I'd like to know what you guys look at to decide an exchange rate
Hi, I'm buying a flat and I'm trying to get my mortgage to go though. Every time I check I simply get an error message. Is there any way you can help me get this money transferred over. Thanks!
My card needs to be activated.
There is an urgent thing that I need to transfer from China. Approximately how long will it take?
I made a mistake with a transaction!
What is the purpose for verifying my identity?
How did you come up with your exchange rates?
how do I get a disposable virtual card?
I am waiting on this refund, hurry up.
How many times can I use the disposable virtual card I have?
Your card pin can be changed at any Visa or MasterCard ATM with Pin services, excluding countries such as Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria, Germany, Spain, and France.
I received my card, how do I get it to show in the app?
Can I trace where my funds came from?
I have lost my credit card in the ATM!
There's an error in regards to the exchange rate for an item I bought.
In the app, where do I find my card PIN?
How to verify top up card?
There's a direct debit payment that I don't recognize.
My money has gone missing. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's missing. What is happening?
I got mugged yesterday and lost access to the app. I need to regain it.
When do i activate auto top-up?
How do I use disposable cards?
Why wouldn't my withdrawal go through?
Why would I get a decline message in a transfer?
I cancelled my card payment
Which ATMs take the card?
Can an apple watch be used to tup-up?
I see non-received cash in my app.
What is the €1 fee for?
My PIN is blocked, what do I do?
What currencies can be used for top up?
When can I expect my new card to get here?
I recently made a transfer that I would like to cancel
Where can I go to get my PIN unblocked?
How long should I wait for top up go go through ?
Help me activate my card.
My transfer was not approved
How do I do an international transfer?
I need to dispute a direct debit.
I need a physical card.  What are the fees?
I want to transfer a sum of money from another bank account I have into this one
My card is showing multiple charges for the same items on my recent statement. I was wondering what actions of needed to take to fix this issue
How many days does a transfer from the US take?
Can my friend send me money?
How long will it take to deliver something to US?
I tried to pay contactless at the bus today and it didn't work. Any ideas why?
I did not get as much cash as I requested at the ATM.
Why hasn't my payment gone through?
Where are the virtual cards?
I put my check in the bank, but I haven't gotten my cash yet?
I transferred money and it hasn't come yet
I tried withdrawing but my cash is not showing up?
Do I need a disposable card?
Where do I order a card?
I have a top-up that's still pending and wanted to know about it.
My PIN is unlocked, what do I do?
How many top-ups can I use?
Why can I not choose the card i want?
I would like to get both a Visa and MasterCard?
I am concerned about the security in my account and would like to make a dispute.
why do you charge for transfers?
I have been trying unsuccessfully to top-up my card.  Is the system down or not working properly?
What is my money worth in other countries?
Why did I get charged for something I bought online? Even though it was international, I thought it would be covered.
tell me how I can order my card.
I want to have multiple currencies in my account if possible.
Why is there a direct debit I didn't make showing in the app?
Can you help me get a disposable virtual card?
Why am I being charged to transfer funds?
Why can I not do a transfer to a beneficiary?
I made a big purchase that I regretted and cancelled, the merchant said that my refund was submitted. Can you confirm to me that all of my money was truly returned to me?
I need assistance finding out why I am unable to top-up my card, it keeps getting refused.  It is extremely imperative I get this resolved quickly.
Errors keep showing up every time I try to make this transfer and I am on a time crunch,  could you please help.
I purchased something and the seller hasn't received the money yet, but it has been deducted from my account.
How can I add physical money to my card?
I made a payment that's pending. Will it go through?
I made a bank transfer from my UK account today, but it's not showing.  Can you check status?
Help me order my card.
I wish to use my American Express to put funds into my account.
Why wouldn't a transfer go through?
What is the highest limit for Auto Top?
am suspicious of my card's security
Are there restrictions to transfers to certain accounts?
Why can't I get cash?
A strange card payment, I do not recognize it.
Why is my transfer still pending?
Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
As my kids get older are they able to get set up with their own accounts?
My transfer was declined, why is that?
I did not get enough cash
Can I add to my account using a cheque?
is there a reason i need to verify top up
I bought something online and it says there was a fee to transfer money. Isn't that free?
I am just waiting for the transaction to be completed.
I didn't mean to do the transfer, is there any way to cancel it?
I have made a payment by my card, and its still pending since a long time. Could you please tell me when it will process.
What can I expect at card expiration?
I requested a refund from a store but it hasn't arrived.
Is there a limit to the top-ups someone can do?
My card is broken
I need your help to check my account, please! My card keeps being declined at the ATM, and I've already tried two different ones!
Should I be seeing a fee applied for my money transfer?
I did a cash deposit to my account, but I am not seeing it on my statement.
I need to verify my identity
Why can I not make a transfer?
Is PIN delivered separately?
What can I use my card to pay for?
I'm not happy with service and would like to delete this account.
Why does it cost more to pay with my card?
My payment's stuck on pending.
I tried using a foreign currency at an ATM, but the ATM provided me an incorrect rate. Why is that?
I put some money in my account the other day but now its gone? Why is this?
Where's the button to top up with a cheque?
I was trying to make a transfer and got an error message telling me it was not possible to make the transfer. This has never happened before, what happened?
Which countries do you currently support?
Are there discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
Are there any reasons that my identity wouldn't be accepted even though everything I've provided is factual?
I need more than one disposable card
How do you determine the exchange rate?
I was expecting my new card by now.
What do I need to do to change my PIN?
My transfer is quite urgent, and finally worked out, but I've been waiting for it for quite some time. Can you tell me how long to expect to wait for it?
How do I fix a broken card?
I would like to add money to my account through my American Express.
What is the best way to exchange currency between USD and GBP using your app?
I am being charged a pound out of nowhere. What is this?
Why hasn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
I need to get a disposable virtual card?
can i verify my identity i the app
Cash withdrawal has been pending, why is it so?
Is American Express accepted?
How can I create a disposable virtual card?
What is the charge for topping up a card?
I've deposited a check but the cash isn't showing that it's there yet.
I can't use my virtual disposable card
Can you tell me what cards and currencies you support?
My card payment did not work.
Which ATMs accept this placard ?
At what ATMS am I able to use the card?
What ATMs accept my card?
I see an unfamiliar payment on my statement.
I have lost my phone or it has been stolen.
I noticed additional charges when transferring?
How do I edit my details?
I have a strange direct debit in my statement
I need to verify my funds.
I don't recognize this payment at all!  Help!
There is a pending 1£ charge on my statement.  I haven't purchased anything for 1£.  Why is it on my statement?
What do I need to do to get my new card which I have requested 2 weeks ago?
Why couldn't I transfer to a beneficiairy?
How many physical cards am I allowed to have?
How can I fix this?  There is a double charge on my account.
I sent a check into the system but still haven't received the cash yet
I requested a higher amount for my cash withdrawal
What ATM accepts Mastercard?
What do I need to see my source of money?
can i transfer money i the app
I want a refund for my purchase
When would my card be charged an extra fee for a transaction?
My salary is in GBP, is this something I need to configure?
I can't prove my identity.
Why was my ATM transaction cancelled?
I Submitted a cheque couple days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.Would you please check What could be the possible issue?
My payment was reverted by the app
Why wasn't my card payment accepted?
The exchange rate looks wrong on a holiday purchase
The wrong exchange rate was used when I bought something with a foriegn currency.
I'm really stuck. I don't know why but my card payment has not gone through.
HOw do I get my card back after the ATM has pulled it in?
I think someone is using my card without my permission!
How do I cancel a previous purchase
After I attempted a transfer, it failed.
My card is stuck in the ATM?
Is verifying my identify important?
Why is my refund not visible on my statement?
I will be traveling.  Can I add money automatically?
Are there any disposable virtual cards?
Can I space out how often money is transferred along my travels?
Why is top-up verified?
Where are the ATMs that I can use Mastercard?
What to do if my card has been used without my permission?
The app reverted after I topped-up
Can I use my card everywhere?
I think the top up failed
How can I verify my indentity?
I withdrew money and got a fee, please explain
Explain why a card payment would be cancelled?
This isn't fair! I thought transfers could be made for free. I just made  a purchase online from abroad and now see some strange fee that I've never seen before.
Are there any hidden extra fees for currency exchanges?
I'd like to order an additional card
phone is gone, dont want others to access account information
What is the top-ups limit?
Where is the money I pushed it's on my mobile app as being withdrawn.
I don't see my card anywhere in the app.
Can I set up to my account to automatically top up?
What's going on with my balance? Shouldn't it be a bit higher since I deposited a cheque a day ago?
Do I have a choice for a Mastercard?
My card wants to be topped what do you guys support?
When I exchanged currencies the value of my money changed.
I thought I lost my card so I cancelled it, but recently I found it in my jacket and I would like to re-establish the card.
I want to replace my current PIN.
Why did I not get my refund yet?
Is there a limit for the amount I can top up?
I hope you can help me. My account has been compromised from a different town that I haven't been to. Can you please place a hold on my account until I can make it to the bank?
I tried my PIN too many times and now my card won't work!
I requested a refund and it is missing.
I need to reverse a transaction
I got married and need to change my name.
I submitted a transaction to the incorrect account.
I need a new card, my old card is expiring.
Can I use this account to receive my salary?
I attempted to use my card while I was intoxicated, and I failed to input my PIN, and the machine kept my card. How soon can I have it back?
I need to cancel a payment. Something i purchased a while ago still has not arrived and i'm not going to pay them if they won't send me what I purchased.
How old does my daughter have to be to open an account?
My card has been swallowed by an ATM
As advised by you, i requested seller to refund my money. A week has passed but i haven't got any update from seller. Please track the refund with the seller.
should i add money via bank transfer instead
My Apple Pay top up with my American Express card is not working? Please tell me why
Please tell me how to get a card if I reside in the US.
I deposited a check yesterday and im not seeing it posted yet in my account. why is that? can you look into it?
Tell me what ATMs allow me to change my PIN.
The refund I asked for isn't showing up
If I want to get an account for my daughter, can I do that?
My money hasn't been deposited yet. When will it be?
If I top up by transfer, am I going to be charged?
Why doesn't a return show up im my account from a purchase I made?
Where is the auto top-up option?
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know what it's for
I need my card to come as soon as possible.
I would like to know what the restrictions are for the disposable cards.
What could possibly be the cause of my failed transfer?
my top up isnt there yet where do i find it
Why is my debit card being declined when I have money?
I withdrew cash but it still shows as pending?
I would like to know why so much identity information is required?
I am seeing in the App a diret debit that its not mine
My top up card needs verification and I don't know how to do it
I just looked over my statement and I don't recognize the name of a card payment.
I enetered the wrong information, I need my account unblocked How do I do that?
I have a card payment that was declined, but why?
I was transferring some money to a friend, which I thought would be free, but I see there is a charge.  What's up with that?
Tell me how to delete my account.
How do I become aware of where my funds come from?
There are fraudulent charges that I didn't make on my card. Can you please put in the safeguards necessary to stop this from happening anymore?
I wish to be able to top up with cash.
What is the process for setting up and account for my child?
If I only have 1 other US card, can you take it?
The app reverted the payment I made.
When getting my ID checked, what are the steps involved?
It looks like someone else withdrew cash from my account, can you help?
The exchange rate is incorrect for my cash withdrawal transaction.
I tried to do a transfer and it hasn't worked!
The amount of cash I received did not match the amount I requested
How do I exchange my GBP to AUD?
This is the first time I've tried to get my money out of an ATM and it didn't work. Please give me my money
How can I receive money from someone?
How do I get a visa card?
how to get card pin?
I want to return an item for a refund can I do that?
Is there a fee for topping off by transfer?
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer which was within this country. It still hasn't gone through. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked and double checked.
I bought something, but the exchange rate looks wrong.
I don't know how to verify my identity.
How would I go about getting a second card?
What am I being charged an extra pound when I haven't bought something worth that much?
Is it possible for a friend to personally send me a payment?
Can you please check why I am having this extra fee on my statement.
If I get another card, what kind of fees am I looking at?
I have no way to prove my identity.
My card's frozen, what can I do?
Why is it taking so long for my money to appear in my account? I have been waiting a week!
Can I use my account before the identity verification is complete?
I would like it if I could get an item refunded
Can you explain disposable cards?
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but according to the app a transaction was made when i didn't make it.
I think my card is broken or something. I tried using it and it wouldn't go through, please help.
Is there a way to make my old card usable with the app?
I need to terminate my account immediately.
I didn't realize that there were any fees for withdrawing money from my account--this has never happened to me before.  What exactly are the fees?
There is a potentially fraudulent direct debit on my account.
I need to reset my passcode. How do I do it?
How young can I be to open my own account?
Is there a maximum for top-ups?
I would like to cancel my previous purchase.
What should I do if I lost my phone?
What is this extra fee on my statement.
Do you do business in the EU?
I recently deposited a cheque and cannot find the cash from it.
I didn't get the correct amount of money from the ATM machine
If I started the Bank transfer from Europe, how long will the process take to complete?
Why am I required to verify my identity?
Would I get a Visa or Mastercard?
How do I do a successful transfer to an account?
In a recent withdrawal I received less cash than I expected to receive.  Did someone make an error with the exchange rate?
I'd like like to know where I can order a virtual card?
What are ways to test why my card might not be working?
I did a payment but it was reverted by the app
Why am I unable to withdraw money even though in the past I've done it just fine?
What are the rules for a top-up?
How can I investigate a missing refund?
I tried to make a cash withdrawal and it was declined. Why did this happen?
Is there a way my new card can be renewed?
Will you accept a cheque to top up my account?
How can I get my card out of the stupid ATM that ate it?
Still waiting on my refund...
I want to shut down my account as soon as possible.
Can I get an account for my daughter?
Unable to use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account
How long does a top-up take to go through?
My card hasn't been working for even small transactions today.
What is the limit to top up?
i have yet to get my pin
I relocated and need to change my personal details.
I placed a cash deposit in my account but I can't see it yet.
Are the delivery days flexible?  My schedule only allows me to be a available on specific dates.
I'm having trouble verifying my ID.
I am reluctant to use ATMs international because I don't get an accurate exchange rate
My transfer will not go through.
There must have been a mistake, why was I charged an extra pound?
i need a virtual card
Why should I have to prove my identity?
Can you tell me the limit for top ups?
I had made a transfer but its still pending.
I need to make a purchase online, where is my virtual card?
How do I make an exchange from one currency to another?
im not paying this transfer fee
is there a charge on withdrawals?
What I topped up was reverted by the app.
Cash has been deposited this morning but it hasn't came through.
My atm withdraw is stillpending
I need a new card before it expires.
How do I go about ordering another card?
I'm checking the app and I see a payment that's not mine.
Please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
I would like to cancel my purchase.
Would I be able to top up as much as I can?
Why did my transfer fail?  What can I do?
When will a refund post to my account?
Can I get a Visa from you?
My top-up appears to be pending.
For how long will my transfer be pending?
How do I get the passcode reset?
How do I change to a different currency?
Am I allowed to carry an additional card?
Why has my payment been reversed?
When will my transfer from the US get here?
Help me use American Express to add money to the account.
My card is about to expire. Do I have to go to a branch to order a new card?
I would like to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
Hi, is everything in good standing with my card? I am receiving multiple "decline" messages.
Why was I not able to complete a transfer?
When will my cheque process?
What's your refund policy if I bought an item from you?
My beneficiary is not allowed, please may I have answer as to why this is?
Will I be charged for receiving the money?
I don't recognize this withdrawal on my statement
I did a payment but the app reverted it
What do I need to know about topping up?
Why is  my  top  up for  my  new account  not  instant
Can you tell me how I go about activating a new card?
What proof of identification is needed?
What is the reason for my card payment to be reverted?
How do I order a card?
Do I have a say when it's delivered?
Hi, I am unable to use my card in ATM. I had tried my card in two ATMs but both ATMs declined it. Could you please check my account?
Is there a fee to make a transfer?
Help.  I have a stolen card!
How do I change my address ?
I am waiting for my card to arrive.
Where do I get a virtual card?
How do I track the card you sent me?
how to get new card?
Hi, I was just checking over my card transactions and notice I was charged twice for a restaurant visit this week. Can you please remove one of these false charges from my account?
Is there a charge for transfers?
I am not satisfied with your company and would like to delete my accounts!
Please help me.  My card is missing.
I keep checking my bank statements but I don't see a refund that I've requested from a seller. Can you ensure that I receive the refund from the seller?
Where do I go to cancel a transaction?
I thought that transfers are free. Why was I charged an extra fee?
I did a money transaction and the recipient doesn't see it
Hello,  I noticed the money for an item I purchased online and have already received has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with the merchant accepting my payment? Or, possibly, with the bank sending it?
I'm quite confused as to what is going on. There is some odd extra pound charge on my statement in the app that's just listed as pending and doesn't go away since a couple days.
why hasn't a transaction to a friend cleared yet?
What us the fee to transfer money from my bank?
What do you do to transfer money to my account?
why did my account decline a incoming transfer
Can I cash deposit to top up my account
Can I use app to freeze account and dispute fraud?
My transfer still says pending
Where can my card be delivered?
How much is the charge to top up via credit card?
Someone stole my wallet a couple of hours ago now and they have taken money from my account. Is there any way that you can help so I won't lose any more of my money.
I have a new phone number and need to edit my contact information.
How much does it cost to exchange my balance into a foreign currency?
Can I automatically top-up when traveling?
I tried taking out 30 pounds from the ATM just now and it only gave me 10. Why would it do that? I need the 30 pounds now!
Why is my withdrawal from the ATM still showing as pending?
What does pending payment mean?
I tried to withdraw cash and got declined, why is that?
What are the fees for top ups?
How long do I have to wait for a transfer from the US?
My card payment says pending and it hasn't changed
I completed a money transaction but the recipient hasn't received it
When are cards shipped?
i asked for 100 only got 80
How do I get my money back for a duplicated charge?
How do I get an actual card?
Someone is using my card to purchase flights to New York it's not me because I'm not going to New York, please can you cancel the card and refund the money?
I had trouble with an incorrect rate being applied when using the ATM with foreign currency.
There is a strange payment on my card and I don't know what to do.
My card payment is still pending.
My top-up is taking a very long time to complete.
You will hear back from us about your verification results in 10 minutes to a one hour timeframe.  If these verification results do fail, please double-check to make sure your images are clear and have no glare or blur; your photos need to be fully readable.  You need to be 18 years of age or older and a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to create an account.
How long will this take to get to me?
Where do I access the auto top-up function?
How fast can I transfer something from China?
What is the exchange looking like?
The ATM didn't give me the the withdraw amount requested.
Activate my card
Why would my card payment be reverted?
Where has my available money come from?
Please tell me how to change my pin.
The ATM didnt let me get cash
What other methods are there to verify my identity?
Fix my contactless
Why can't I use my beneficiary?
Why hasn't my ID been verified?
Can I get a physical card for free, or is there a charge?
Can I change my PIN if I want to?
I made this payment days ago so why hasn't it gone through yet?
Please tell me why I am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
What exactly is the exchange fee?
Can I dispute a payment even if I notice it several weeks after it was made?
I already have a card and want to link it
I think someone stole money from my card
I want to transfer money. How do I do that for my account?
I want to get a refund.
I would like a temporary virtual card
I lost my card. Can you help me?
A card payment on my account is shown as pending.
How much extra will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
Are cards from the US accepted?
When will the transaction post to my account?
The refund has not appeared in my account
I have a new email.
Where can I order a virtual card?
There are incorrect charges on my account, there was a WD that was made by someone else.  I still have my card though.
Why is there a fee for cash withdrawal?
I initiated a Bank transfer form Europe, how long will this take?
The attempted transfer failed.
When will my card be activated?
What do I do to exchange currency?
There are transactions I didn't make, someone else must have used my card.
How long does it take to get money from Europe?
Someone might have access to my card!  There are some strange payments showing up on my account.  What do I do?
I am very dissatisfied with the services that you are providing.  I want to cancel my account.
I topped up but the app denied it
Am I able to order a new card and have it sent to me in China?
It's been a few days since I've tried to pay a seller but the funds aren't going through. What is happening?
Delete my account now please.
I cannot activate my card.
I already made a transfer and want to cancel it, how do I do that?
My top-up was reverted, why did this happen?
I lost my card and need a new one, will it cost me?
I looked at my statement, and there is a charge for 1£ that I don't recognize.  Why is it on there?
Now that I live in the US how can I get a card?
Can you tell me what I need for identity validation?
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple of days already that doesn't seem to move
Why doesn't my disposable virtual card work?
Can I use Apple Pay to top-up?
I think my top up was reversed.
I tried transferring to an account but it didn't go through. What happened?
What do I need to do for the card activation?
Why would my top up be cancelled?
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I paid at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App stays at pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
They charged me for paying with my card.
My card payment is just showing up as pending and it has been a while , what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
I am angry that I got charged for using my card.
My top-up was just cancelled.
Can I exchange currencies with this app?
I'm not happy with the services I'm getting with this company. Can you please delete my account?
Do you use Mastercard or Visa?
It says that my payment is pending, what does that mean?
Why is my last transfer pending?
When will the money from my bank transfer be available?
My things were stolen and I need to know if I can still use this app.
I withdrew money but the full amount wasn't dispensed.
Was I charged more than I should of been for a currency exchange?
Why was my card payment reversed?
I'm looking at my statement, and my refund is not on there.
Can you convert to EUR?
When will my transfer post to my account?
What cash stations take this card?
What are the details of disposable card limitations?
Why was my cash withdrawal declined?
How do I see the source of my money?
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but not exactly the same as the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you alert me about this. What's been happening?
Is a SWIFT transfer acceptable?
Can you provide information for freezing my card immediately?
Help! I've forgot my app passcode!
where is my new card?
Which currencies do you handle?
google pay top up did not work
My transfers keep on getting declined. My card was working fine up until now, however it has suddenly stopped working. Why is this?
why did the app refuse to make an approved payment
Why is my cash withdrawal still pending?
How can I add money to my account from another account I have?
the exchange rate for my withdrawal is wrong
I tried activating my card and it didn't work
Payment i did not do
How can I change my Rowlock ?
My card rejected a cash withdrawal. Why?
I might need a new card because it's not working at any of the ATMs. I don't think ive used all my money. Why is it doing this?
I tried to withdraw cash from your ATM but my transaction was cancelled.
I'm expecting a refund but it's no where to be seen
I seem to of forgotten my passcode.
My payment has an incorrect exchange rate.
How did my top-up fail?
Why did I only get $20 when I tried to get $100
The expiration of my card is near, how do I order a new card?
What do I have to do to get my PIN unblocked?
Hi,  I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
Where can I get a new passcode?
Why would you cancel my transfer?
Why is the cash withdraw I made shown as pending?
Can you help me with a weird charge?  It's a pound charge that never goes away from the statement view on the app I'm using.  It's not described as anything but "Pending", and that status has never changed during the last two days.
I found a transfer fee - is that correct?
What are the fees for top-ups?
when does the rate get determined
I haven't received my virtual card yet, do yo know why?
I have one of your cards, but I don't know how to link it.
What if I need my salary in a different currency?
My card wont work at an ATM
What is the max amount of top-ups?
I tried to add a topup to my account but the money isn't there, anymore. Did I do something wrong?
I have no idea why but my transfers keep getting declined. I have double checked all the recipient details several times already and they're definitely correct.
What is the estimated date for delivery to US?
I believe that a card payment I made was cancelled.
Is there any way to cancel a transfer?
They is a payment I don't recognize on my statement.
I just completed a bank transfer and the balance didn't update
My top-up has been reverted and I would like to know why.
How do I order a new card? The current one is about to expire.
Do top-ups have a limit?
I need to know this, where do my funds come from?
Has my top-up gone through?
Why is my transfer still pending after all this time?
What's the deal? My card was just denied for top up. Why is it not going through?
Is the EUR accepted for exchanges?
I can't see if the transfer I did a couple days ago is in my account yet. I double checked my info before sending, too. Can you check this?
Why am I not able to get cash from the ATM?
Is a physical card also available
I want a mastercard
I think I lost my card . I dont know how long it has been missing. Can you see if maybe someone else has been using it?
Why is my disposable card not working?
If I have a credit card with you how I get set up to link to it?
What should I do if the passcode doesn't work for me?
I thought you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be right ? Money just disappeared from my account, How it would work ?
How do I use contactless pay?
What do I do if a transaction shows up twice?
I want to do a cash top-up
I should only have one charge, but it shows two.
The exchange rates are?
When I withdrew my money, why was there an extra charge?
A transfer I sent was received in less than the full amount I originally sent, and now I have to send additional funds to cover the full amount. What happened?
When considering currency holdings and exchanges, what fiat currencies are supported?
I got charged a service fee on my account. Can it be waived since I didn't know about it before?
How come I can see an extra charge for my transfer?
how long til my cash out goes through?
where has my transferred money gone?
I purchased something overseas and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
Please tell me how to edit my personal details.
I left my phone at the hotel.
Why am I unable to withdrawal cash?
How can I check to see where my funds come from?
Somebody stole my wallet and is using my card! Can you do something so they can't keep taking my money?
Am I able to track the card that was just sent to me?
I've got a weird problem: I purchased something a week or maybe it was two weeks ago, and the funds have come back into my account! Can you explain this?
Help me terminate and close my account.
How do I top up with cash?
How do I verify the top up?
Is it possible for a transaction to be cancelled?
My passcode was denied.
What is the closest ATM?
Why didn't the ATM give me all my money
The ATM took my card.
I'm upset because I got charged a ridiculous fee when making an ATM withdrawal over a holiday weekend.  It didn't notify me beforehand either or I wouldn't have ever done it.
Can you make exchanges with the EUR?
There is a payment I don't recognize
Can I request a physical card?
How do I create a disposable virtual card?
i need to add express delivery if that's an option
Tell me how to renew my new card?
For what reason is my transfer still pending now?
Why couldn't I transfer funds to my beneficiary?
Can I get one of your cards in the EU
I tried to do a transfer but it didn't go through.
help me with my transfer
why isnt my account allowing transfers
Is Apple Pay a possible top up option?
Could you tell me why my top up isn't showing in my wallet?
do you accept from usa credit card?
Was charged an ATM fee despite it being a small withdrawal on the 1st day of the month. I thought I was allowed 200 per month?
The app is showing that I received alot more money than I actually received from the ATM. This occurred earlier today.
Why did withdrawing money cost me extra?
Why did my card payment get declined?
I have been charged a fee for getting cash
I've tried to send money to my friends and I keep getting rejected. Can you please tell me why, I don't understand.
My account is  new  why can I  not top up
Hello, I have tried using crypto top up but it is not working. I had some money in my account but I'm not sure what happened
Why is there a fee for using my card?
The exchange rate is incorrect for something I bought
What countries can I use your services?
I can't see my cash deposit in my account.
How long does an international transfer take? I made the transfer from France 2 days ago, but it is not showing up in my bank yet.
I received a fee I should not have.
I have an issue. I bought something within the past one to two weeks and have received one of the products; however, today the total was returned to my account. What's going on here?
Can you tell me the restrictions for the disposable cards?
What is preventing me from adding a specific beneficiary?
Explain why I can't do a transfer to a beneficiary.
In what places can I use my card?
Why is my ATM withdrawal still pending?
I made a transaction and it is taking a very long time to go through.
What is maximum top up?
Hi, I sent my landlord my rent money a few days ago and while everything seems good on my end he says that he never got the money. I double checked the account number and it's correct. Can you help me figure this out?
Why is my transfer appearing as "pending"?
How long does it take for a purchase to go from pending to authorised?
There is a payment that i made that i noticed has not gone thru yet. Can i ask why?
Can I link my new card?
I'm not happy, I want to close my account.
I do not need GBP, I need AUD, how do I convert it?
I received the wrong exchange rate for an item i bought.
Are there any extras for exchanging currency?
Is it normal to see a fee for transferring money?
do i have to wait for a physical card before i get my pin
Can I see that history on my funds and where they came from?
I need clarity on why my card is not working.
The bank charged me fees for withdrawing cash!
I could not get the top-up to go through
Hi, Please help me to request cash back. As i have been withdrawn money from ATM, but i got wrong amount. in Application its showing the amount i have been charged through.
I made a cash deposit going to my account but it is not there
My American express works with my apple pay, why is top up not working?
HELP. My account has been deducted already and the Seller says they haven't received the money yet? When can they expect it?
I initiated a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending", how long will it take to clear?
Why did the cash deposit not show up in my account?
I ordered my card but it still isn't here
How do I cancel a purchase?
Can you check the exchange rate on a cash transaction I did overseas
What happens after my card expires?
I tryed to make a top-up with cryptocurrency but the payment was referted.
I've been waiting a while for my card, is there a way to know when it will arrive?
How do I complete the ID check?
I've tried several times to make a payment and every time my card is declined? Could my card be locked? I don't know what to do.
I bought a product a week ago, but may need to return it.
Activating my card
What should I do if I think someone is using my card without my permission?
can you check why I wasn't able to top up?
Can you provide a reason as to why my transfer did not work?
Can I receive a refund for my item?
Why is the identity check involved?
I was charged a fee with my cash withdrawal that I shouldn't have been charged.
My card is expiring, how do I get a new one?
How long does it take for money to reach my account?
An ATM machine didn't give me back my card.
What do I do now my credit card has been swallowed by the ATM?
My top-up has been cancelled.
My card payment has failed.
You keep declining my transfers? It's always been working really well so far, but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined. I tried couple times already but same thing.
I do not remember purchasing anything for 1£, and it is on my statement. Can you please tell me what that is about?
How long does it take for a money transfer to show up?
Still waiting on a refund.
I am on vacation in Spain and need to change my pin.
I have a card payment I didn't make
Can I have it be delivered at a certain time?
How long does it take for a transfer to post
What time will a transfer from the US take?
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer now. There isn't an option from the app.
I tried to make a transfer but it failed
I made a cash withdrawal and was charged a fee incorrectly can you help with this?
Where do I need to live to get support?
show me how to top up with my card
when will the balance on my account change form a transfer
Is it free for top ups?
Can you help me process a refund?
How can I check how much free spending I have left? I have some big purchases coming up and want to know where I can look for any info.
The rate of exchange isn't right for my cash withdrawal.
Does it cost anything to top up?
Says my transfer can't be completed?
I notice a transaction a couple of weeks ago in my account, from a seller that I don't recognize. Is there a way we can trace back the information to make sure it was truly something I did?
I broke my card
I got charged twice
Can I transfer something urgently from China? How long does it take?
how long are my top ups pending
What exchange rates do you offer?
What are some reasons that would cause ATM machines to decline my card? It has happened to me multiple times!
Why do I have duplicate transactions for one purchase?
I see some fees for cash withdraw.
How can I locate the virtual card?
Why am I charged a fee for using my card on some purchases?
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
I need a card reactivation, I had reported my card lost but I ran across it in my jacket.
I need to know how much it costs to transfer funds.
Why is there a 1 euro fee on my statement?
I made a card payment which is showing me pending.
Can I track my card while it is in the process of delivery?
I need my PIN, where is it?
My card does not work
How do I verify my source of funds?
Who should I contact if the amount of my withdrawal doesn't correspond to the amount that I tried to take out of my account?
Can this card be used at all ATMs?
I think my card was stolen.
Can cash be used in physical locations to top up?
Will I be charged to top off my account?
How can I change my password?
What is the charge for paying with my card?
I would like a physical card
The transfer keeps failing , I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Would you please check the issue?
Why did my top-up get reverted?
Estimated time arrival for transfers?
Can I use the card at any cash machine?
I will need a new card because mine is almost expired.  How fast do I get a replacement and what is the cost?
Can i get money back in my home currency at  ATM? As I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
Do I need to do anything special for my friend to send money to my account?
my cash withdrawal is pending, why?
I did a topup successfully but its not showing in balance. I think there is some problem in system.
Hello, is there any way to double check my card? I have never had issues with withdraws in the past, but this morning on the way to work it was unexpectedly declined.
While I was checking out in the grocery store, I realized I needed cash so I requested some.  However, I noticed there was a fee for this transaction.  Why did I get charged a fee?
Would I be able to get another card for my account, so I could give one to my daughter?
How long will it take to get my refund
Can I use my virtual card for recurring monthly payments?
Why hasn't the money transfer arrived yet?
What are the steps to activate the card, as it does not seem to work?
I received my card but not my PIN.
how do you get exchange rates
The amount of cash i have received is not correct.
Why didn't my payment process
There is an incoming payment into my account, but it is deactivated. Will they still be processed?
I still don't have my pin.
Will you charge me for exchanging foreign currencies?
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I don't know what the problem is.
The exchange rate was incorrect for an item I bought.
Can I cancel my transaction?
Can I track the card you sent to me?
For the disposable cards, what are the restrictions?
The app reverted my top up
what currencies can i use to add money to my account
the app reverted my payment
When will my deposit from this morning show up?
explain the interbank exchange rate
what is this extra charge for a withdrawal?
how to exchange currencies
I tried transferring to an account but it won't let me.
Why do I need to verify a top-up?
Give me my card, I need it now!
I'm stuck here at your broken ATM and I don't know what to do next. Asked for 30 pounds, got 10. ATM said I got 30. Something very wrong here and I want my money now!
I used the wrong ping too many times and now the account is blocked.  How do I unblock?
would a visa or mastercard be more suited to me?
My credit card was declined for top-up. Can you see if there is enough funds in my account?
Will I be charged if I add more cards to the account?
I'm expecting a large refund from a store I returned merchandise to recently.  They say they have sent the money but I don't see it in my account, can you help.
Which currencies are allowed?
How can I tell if my top-up has been cancelled?
Why am I getting a fee on a card payment?
Causes of top-up cancellation
I tried to get money out of an ATM in Notting Hill earlier, but it didn't work. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
I can't get money out of the ATM
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged on my card for a restaurant visit. I would like to get my money back.
Where can I update my pin number?
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew was wrong.
is it free to add money to my card
Are EUR exchanges allowed?
I completed an in country transfer a few days ago and was sure to check the account information several times since the transaction was completed, but the funds are still not available. What is the problem?
I'm not sure why my payment has been declined? Please tell me why, I thought it was all good.
What happens when I money transaction doesn't show up on the receiving side?
how many virtual cards can i have, i want 8
I am calling because the ATM didn't give me the right amount of cash, but my app shows the actual amount I wanted to withdraw. What should I do to get my money back?
How do I link a new card in the app?
how much will I be charged for making a transfer?
Can you tell me why my transfer is pending still?
Can I change my currency from USD to EUR?
Why would you decline my card?
Can top ups be done from an apple watch.
While transferring money, its getting error out as my transfer is not possible. Please help me in this as earlier i was able to do it successfully.
If someone in a different country sends me money, do I have to pay a fee?
price of physical card
My wallet doesn't show my recent top up.
How do I troubleshoot Google pay top up?
I have two of the same charges on my account!
I am looking for my top-up verification code and cannot find it.
places i can use the card
I was charged extra. Was the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday wrong?
I think I was charged by mistake on my debit statement.
I was wondering how long does it take for a payment to go thru? It seems my last payment is stuck and hasn't moved.
A transfer to an account was not allowed
Why was I charged an extra fee from the ATM?
I went tot the ATM earlier today and didn't realize this till now but I did not get all the money I requested.  I believe my account was charged for 100 but I only got 80.  Is there any way we can solve this problem?
Are SWIFT transfers supported?
What is the exchange rate like?
What do I need to do in order to use my card I just got?
I made a cash deposit a few days ago and it's still not reflected in my account. Do you know what might have happened?
Why would an ATM swallow my card?
I wanted to buy something online yesterday, but I could not because the card got declined on the day of and the following day. What is wrong with the card?
I see a direct debit payment on my app that I did not do
If I were to use a European bank card for a top up, will I incur a charge?
I took out money and there is a fee.  Why?
I need multiple cards per day, and they all have to be disposable.
The ATM sucked my card in.
Can I use my card at an ATM?
I made a purchase and was charged at the wrong foreign exchange rate.
Somebody used my card to make a purchase
Could you refund my transaction, I paid it into the wrong account. I need to be able to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
How can I tell where the money came from?
Why is my transfer more expensive than I thought?
Please help me, its urgent. Someone has withdrawn money from my account as few hours before my wallet has been. Now i want to stop withdrawal of more money.
may I have a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
How can correct Top up with the app to work correctly?
Why are my transfers not going through.  I have tried over 4 times to get it to work.  This is just a simple transfer.  Is something else causing this in the system?  Is it broken?
Hey I am standing in front of an ATM here, it only gave me 10 pounds even though I wanted to withdraw 30! Seems like the app has 30 pounds, what do I do??
I need to know your exchange rates.
I have tried to submit a transfer a couple of times now, and for some reason, it continues to be unsuccessful. Do you know why this may be?
I need to find out where the card is that I ordered.
I've been to several different countries, can I exchange the cash with a discount for a large transaction?
Why am I getting charged more for using my card?
How many transactions can I make on my disposable card?
Why was I charged a random fee for a transfer I made?
Is there a charge for a foreign currency exchange?
I completed a transfer that isn't showing up on my account.
I have a payment in my statement that is off
How can I change my name because I just got married?
My transfer is still pending and I know the account numbers are correct.  Please help.
Tell me how to go about activating my new card?
I've obtained the card, how do I enable it on the app?
OMG!  I'm trying to load my card and it wont top up!  I desperately need the money either on my card or in my bank, where is it?
After taking over my card transactions I noticed that was charged twice for a restaurant purchased from earlier this week. Can you please remove one of these transactions from my account since it is not accurate?
Is there a limit to auto top?
The seller just told me he didn't get paid. After reviewing my account it did subtract the balance but now it has added it back to my account. I need you to please take care of this promptly.
How do I return something for a full refund?
Can I get information on the identity checks?
I need my card delivered as soon as possible.
How can I receive a virtual card?
For you, how long do transfers normally take from a UK account? I completed one just now but nothing appears. I just need to be sure everything is okay.
I inadvertently completed a transaction on a wrong account.
The ATM gave me less cash than requested
What can I use to verify my identify?
I am attempting to make a purchase online, but my card is not working.  I know there are funds available, is this an issue on the banks end?
I would like to delete my account please.
I tried to get funds in hard cash but it was rejected!
still need to get card pin
Please help me to know the status of my card payment as its pending since a while.
Can you look into why my most recent top-up is showing as pending? I thought it was supposed to be instantaneous.
Help, your app is showing a larger WD than I actually did earlier at an ATM.
Where can I use a disposable card?
I found my card in my jacket this morning, so can I reactivate it?
What does it mean when my top up is saying  still pending?
I can't get any money from my account.
How come the ATM gave me less cash than what I asked for?
How do I get my card back after the ATM swallowed it.
Where on the website do I go to link my card?
I want to use a cheque to pay.
Is there a location near me that i can change my PIN?
I tried to make a top-up and it was canceled, why is that?
The wrong amount of cash came out of the ATM today when I went to withdraw. When I looked at the app, it was showing it was much more.
The exchange rate was not correct for the item I bought.
I don't understanfd how to top up
Top up on my Google Pay isn't working.
There is money missing from my account.
Can my friends send me money?
Where do you guys acquire your exchange rate?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up.I requested a refund a long time ago but seems like it's not submitting my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
How much transactions do I get with a disposable card?
I had to pay in order to do a transfer
It's only been a few weeks my my top-up got cancelled
Can you tell me what the transfer policy is?
How can I change my PIN without going to the bank?
The ATM won't give back my card
How do I change the details in my account?
My phone was stolen, what should I do first?
What is the time frame that it usually takes for a transfer to come through? I have a friend needing it immediately but it has yet to come through.
What is the reason I couldn't do a transfer to a beneficiary?
My phone was stolen yesterday, can you help me with this?
Help, I was charged twice!
Is there any way for you to find my card?
I do not recognize the card payment.
Is American Express supported for adding funds?
Why is a transaction showing as pending when I recieved cash from an ATM?
Are all European currencies available for holding and exchange?
Why was my Payment declined
There is a charge for an additional pound.
Does a US transfer take long
I no longer have my phone, what should I do?
Payment I did not make.
Card refund is not showing up in my statement.
When should I expect to receive my card?
Where can I reset the passcode?
Hi, I'm buying my son Bertie a starter home in London.  I'm just trying to send the 5% deposit over to the agent. It's only £200,000 but seems to be throwing an error.  What is going on?  If I wait any longer the house prices might rise, can you look in to it please?
I have a pending payment from stuff I bought this morning.
What currencies can I not hold many in, if so what are they?
What is the extra fee on my statement?
I was needing you to see if the exchange rate is correct from when i got cash
Do you know when the withdrawal will show?
My account transfer was blocked.
Can I receive a refund for an item I purchased?
I am having trouble withdrawing cash.
How can I request cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
Do you let me choose between Visa and Mastercard?
How long does it take for my physical card to be delivered.
I would like a refund on one of your products that has been sold to me
I would like to know how I can verify my Identity.
Can you help me get rid of my account?
What's the limit for auto top-up?
What do I need for activation of my card?
my exchange rate looks wrong for my last payment
A transfer is pending.
My card is not working when I try to use it.
How long does it take for cards to be delivered after ordering them?
What is this €1 fee in my statement?
I have the funds, why can I not use my top-up?
What are the available cards?
How can I activate my new card? I didn't recieve any information with it about how to do so.
I checked my statement and saw a charge of one pound, where is this charge coming from?
My account is depleted. Can I transfer funds from another bank?
My top is still pending.
I need assistance activating my card?
I have not been able to use this card.
Why has my top up failed?
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't do myself, never seen that name before.
My card appears to have never arrived?
I made a payment and it appears it is showing twice
I want to close my account & I will never do business with you again.
Tell me how to cancel a transfer.
Can you help me? I have a duplicate transaction on my account and I don't understand why.
Where can I get my PIN unblocked?
When will my cash withdrawal show/
Do I need any kind of proof for the identity check?
Am I limited to what ATM I can use my card?
Help! I lost my card!
For some reason my card payment didn't work
How do I know if my top up was unsuccessful?
I made a cash deposit and the balance wasn't updated.
Why are the things I bought earlier today still showing as pending?
What cards do you support
Why is my card payment still a pending transaction?
I want to request a physical card
What do I do if i accidentally broke my card?
I've just been married and need to update my name
I think my card is lost.  What do I do?
My card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks. Is it lost?
i can not see my top up
Should my top up still be pending?
Are there ways to transfer money into my account?
No option to top up with a cheque ?
Google Pay Top up isn't working
I requested a refund directly from the seller but I still don't have it. I just want you to send me my money back. I did what you said to do and I still don't have it.
What currency can I use to pay for a top up?
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Do I need to do anything specific to configure this?
I moved so I need to change my address. How do I do that?
Does the app top up automatically?
I would rather the Mastercard.
What, if any, is the limit  for auto top-up?
How do I enable auto-top up?
I want a refund on this.
Card payment still pending.
I don't understand why I was charged extra for withdrawing money?
I'm trying to make a payment to my new landlord. Even though the payment was sent a few days ago, it isn't clearing on their side. Can you verify that payment has been made?
How do I go forth verifying my top-up card?
How come I got to pay to get my money from the ATM?
Why is my payment pending?
why has a cash withdrawal charged me?
Why was I charged for card payment?
I attempted to get cash but was declined.
I live in the US but want to get a card
Where is a Mastercard ATM?
I'd like to open an account for my kids can I do that?
Is it possible to change my pin if i am out of the country?
Are there any places that won't take my card?
Do I have a Visa card as an option?
I want to buy cryptocurrency, but your app doesn't let me. Why?
What currencies does google pay top up accept?
My phone was stolen, what should I do?
The card payment didn't work
I made a card payment by my card but it failed. Please let me know when the payment will get completed as its still pending.
Why am i being charged for withdrawing cash funds?
cancel my account
How do you top-up using cash?
What is the age limit?
I have cash deposit to my account but it is experiencing a problem
How would I top up with a cheque?
How long will it take for the card to arrive?
What currencies can I hold money in?
My new card isn't in my app, how do I get it in there?
Do you offer additional currency options?
What are all of the different steps for identity checks?
How do I order another card?
What are the acceptable currencies for adding funds?
Why was the exchange rate so wrong when I bought something!
Are there any limits if I use these virtual cards?
I'm waiting on a top-up, its still pending
What can I expect if I use bank transfer to top up my account?
How do I track the card you sent to me?
Why did my top up get reverted?
How do I activate a card?
I attempted to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared?
After a transfer, I see an extra fee.  Why?
In reviewing my statement, I show I have two charges for the same purchase at the same time, which I have not made in duplicate? How do I get this solved?
If I was travelling abroad, would I be able to hold currencies in euros?
I'd like to provide my daughter with a card - could I get an additional card from my account to give her?
Do you support the EU?
Why is there a fee for withdrawing?
Unbeknownst to me, there was an additional charge on my prior transaction. A notification of sorts should be required and explained before future payments are made.
Is there a maximum i can top up?
I purchased something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect.
Why did the app deny my top-up?
I just saw a fee on my account. When do these get charged?
Will you handle EUR?
how do i cancel my account
How are the exchange rates determined?
How can I top up with a cheque?
What currencies can I hold?
I need a Visa card
I am overseas in China, can I get a replacement card?
Do you know if there is a tracking number for the new card you sent me?
Why was my cash withdrawal given the wrong exchange rate?
My refund is missing
I need to cancel an incorrect transaction.
Why are you charging me fees for using my card?
My top up didn't go through
Change currency
I cannot use my disposable virtual card.
If I don't live in the UK, can I still get a card?
Tell me why my topup wouldn't go through?
phone is at a hotel, can i still use app
Why was there a fee for my cash withdrawal?
I have a payment that I didn't make.
What do I do if my disposable virtual card doesn't work?
How can I edit my personal details?
Does every place of business accept this card?
I'm looking for the option to top up by cheque.
Can I transfer my salary if its in GBP?
Can i have a second physical card for this account?
I have a payment listed in error.
What are the charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
I need to get a card, but I live in the US.
what are the locations i can withdraw money
Why is my cash withdrawal from the ATM still not yet showing as confirmed in my account?
What are the disposable cards restrictions?
How do I verify a top-up?
I just have one additional card from the USA. Do you support that?
Where is the transfer I started?
Why am I being charged a hidden fee?
I just made a transfer from a UK account. How long does that typically take to show up? I just want to make sure it worked alright.
I moved to a new city and need to change my address
Something's wrong my card won't work.
Does your system support multiple currency.
I can't seem to use my card. Can you help?
I tempted to get some money out of the machine earlier and it did not work.Looking now, the transaction actually shows to still be in progress. I would certainly appreciate someone look into this and let me know what's going on. I definitely do not want to be charged for money I never received.
I couldn't transfer to an account.
How can I trade currencies with this app?
I need to change details about my personal account.
What countries can I use my account in?
There has been a charge pending on my account statement that I can't figue out it's for a dollar.
What kind of fee is there to top-up my account?
I don't like that I have to fill out so much information about my identity.
The app reversed a top off I had.  What should I do?
I want to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
Would I be charged any fees if I added money to my account using an international card?
I only got $20 of the $100 that I attempted to withdraw.
Why was I charged $1 in a transaction?
I lost my wallet and all my cards were in it.
Can you top-up a card with a cheque?
When I'm traveling is it possible to add money automatically at certain time points?
Help!  I fear that my card was stolen,
I need to figure out who has access to my card there are some payments I didn't make that are showing on the app.  Could you please help?
Why have I not gotten my new card?
When I topped up the app has seemed to reverted it.
I need to update my info.
I've been waiting for something that i've ordered for months now and it still hasn't arrived. I genuinely don't know what this company is doing, but put plainly, i've had enough. Please issue a refund immediately, i would not like to waste anymore of my time on these people.
I am not seeing recent cash withdrawal on my account.
Your machine took my card. How do I get it back?
Are there limits to top-ups?
I'm seeing a direct debit payment that is not me.
There are some card payments that I haven't done myself. What is going on with my card and does somebody else have access to my card?
Where's accounting for my cash withdrawal?
What  is the verification process for a top up card?
I was wondering if international transfers take longer than normal because I made a transfer from France a couple of days ago and nothing has happened yet?
How do I exchange currency?
When adding money, what are the currencies you take?
Where can I get a physical card?
Is there a way I can check on the card on route to me?
My statement shows charges for things I never purchased. Were my account details stolen?
What is the greatest number of times that I can top-up?
Can I use a bank transfer to refill my account?
I think there is a mistake.  I am being charged twice.
Where do I go to get the code to verify the top up card?
I dont have a pin
I think the bank made a mistake on the exchange rates
Is there a place to check for fee for payments? I feel like I'm getting charged too much at times.
I don't like your company. Delete my account.
How long is the wait for a money transfer to post?
What sort of restrictions are there for the disposable cards?
Why is my card being declined when I try to do a top-up? How can this be immediately resolved?
Are there fees for adding money using an international card
Where do I request another card?
My top up is not working in Apple Pay.
Hi! A seller that I requested a refund from a long time ago has yet to send the money into my account, even though I keep checking it. Can the seller be contacted by you guys to see what's going on?
Why has my money been returned back to my card.
Can it add money every so often automatically while I travel?
The app does not know it is me.
Can you tell me the status of my new card?
My card payment didn't work
How many days does it take until funds are in my account?
I just deposited cash to my account and can't find it!
How long does a transfer take to reach one's account.
How do I reset my PIN, I can't seem to use my card?
How long should a cheque deposit take to show? My account hasn't updated and I want to make sure everything is okay.
Why does my top up say still pending when I used my card to do it.
I am trying to delete my account.
I paid with a card and there is an extra charge. Why?
I tried to use the ATM today but it would not accept my card.
I have never been charged a fee for cash withdrawal before. When did that change?
I need to do a refund
My refund isn't showing up on my statement.
What form of identification is accepted?
My card payment has been declined
I bought some stuff this morning but the payment shows as pending
I can't find my card, it is lost.
My cash withdrawal shows as pending still.
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived yet?
What cards do you offer?
Need to report a change of address.
Help me order a new card that's going to be expired soon.
Whats the delivery time to the United States?
How can I speed up a transfer?  Mine is pending.
When I tried to pay for my bus ride, the contactless payment wouldn't work. How can I prevent this in the future?
my statement contains an unknown payment
wheres my pin
There is a fraudulent payment!
are multiple currencies acceptable?
Hello. Can you help figure out why the recent transfer from my UK bank account isn't showing up?
How old must I be to open an account?
Why can't I transfer to an account?
I need to check status as my friend hasn't got money I sent.
How old can one use your service?
How do I know what the exchange rate will be when I make an exchange.
What are the fees to get a physical card?
Where does all this money come from though?
Are there ATM fees?
Hi, I draw out some money from the ATM today. The ATM has given me wrong amount and the application is displaying more amount than i withdraw.
Why do you need to know where my money is coming from?
My card expires soon, will you send me one automatically?
What do I do to lock my phone after losing it so my account isn't accessed
How do I get money from friends?
My statement indicates I made a payment to an unfamiliar merchant.
If I need to exchange currency is there an extra fee?
Why was my withdrawal declined
What are the currencies and cards that are supported with my account?
When can I expect my card?
Please check and let me know why my transfers are getting declined.
My wallet isn't showing my top-up, did I do something wrong?
I have received my American express in apple play, looks like top up has an issue, please help?
I need to get visa and mastercard
There is a strange payment on my card.
Can I change my PIN at any ATM?
What currences are available for exchange?
On the card that is coming, what's the tracking info?
There's a card payment with a name I don't recognize
My wallet is empty even though I topped it up an hour ago.
When can I expect a transfer from Europe to go through?
How to a go about ordering a disposable virtual card?
What is the maximum I can transfer before I incur fees?
I have paid money into my account but it doesn't show.
I can't get my virtual card to work at all
Lost password
Can you tell me when my card will arrive?
I reside in the US, but I want a card.
How can I information on my limit for top-ups?
What should I do with my stuck ATM?
There is  a charge I don't recognize.
My card arrived but I don't know how to get my PIN.
My card is about to expire.  How do I get a new card?
I see a direct debit transaction in my history that I did not set up.
How do i cancel my transaction?
While getting cash, I was charged a fee.
How can I get a refund for an item I purchased but has not yet arrived?
I should not have been charged a fee for my transfer.
i used a check check yesterday to balance my account and it isn't showing up?
I need a refund and cancel a transaction on an item I purchased and i need it as soon as possible, please!
I do not recongize a payment in my account.
How do I activate a new card?
Can I edit my details?
I happened to forget my passcode
How can many disposable cards can I have per day?
What do I do to stop unauthorized transactions on my card? I was never in the place from which the transactions on my bill were made and I never made them. Please help!
My card has an issue, the payment has been deferred.
It is listed in my app that I made a payment which I did not actually make
I would like a card please.
A transaction posted twice to my account.
if im not using my account should i close it or just let it sit
I think my phone is either lost or stolen.
Are cards available to those outside of the UK?
Have you sent out my card yet?
Do I need to choose GBP to get my salary deposited properly?
How are exchange rates calculated at this bank?
Does it cost anything to transfer money for a top-up?
Can you tell me where I can order a disposable virtual card?
What would lead to my top up still pending?
Out of the blue, my card stopped working.
What do I do?  The ATM took my card!
Changing my PIN
Will a cheque suffice?
How can I get my card to work?
can my husband open an account and transfer money
Can you tell me if I can hold money in several currencies?
I checked my account today and saw that I was charged an extra pound that I did not spend.
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on something I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
How soon do cards arrive after I order them?
Why have I not received a virtual card yet?
I sent a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that no money has been put on my account. Can you please tell me the situation of my account?
Will I have to wait much longer for my new card to arrive?
Is the PIN sent in another message?
Hello. I bought an item a while ago, and have since requested a refund.  However, upon checking my online statements, it seems that I haven't been issued a refund yet.  How can this be remedied?
How do I shut down my account and get out of this company?
My refund for a purchase hasn't  cone through yet.
If my phone was stolen, do I need to do anything?
Are you able to make exchanges to EUR?
I would like to invalidate my account.  I am very disappointed with your services.
Can I get a disposable virtual card?
I got some cash in the ATM but its still pending
Why do you require all my identity details?
When will I receive the cash payment from the check I deposited?
Is exchanging currencies a feature of the app?
Could you please explain why I received a message that my transfer is not possible? I've never had any problems making a transfer in the past.
Why did you charge me extra?
I'm not able to verify my identity.
Hello, a few days ago I transferred my rent check to my landlord, however, he is saying that it has not gone though. On my end everything looks fine and I double checked the account number. Is there anything else that could be holding up the check?
My identity can't be verified for some reason
I am unable to access my app due to forgetting my passcode.
I just moved overseas and I noticed that you are charging me more fees.  I am a loyal customer, is this how you expect to keep customers?
I made a cash deposit, but it hasn't shown up in my balance yet.
When the time is right will this automatically replenish my balance?
Where can I use my card to pay?
How do I activate and link my new card?
Why would my payment for my card show as pending?
Why is a payment showing up on my card as pending?
My card hasn't been working when I try to use it.
How do I change my PIN?
Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
My card was stolen and used to make several purchases. Please freeze my card so no one can use it.
Is my account able to be topped up by my friends?
Is there a way to reset the passcode?
Hi. A couple hours ago I make a transfer from my UK bank account, but it hasn't shown up. Please, would you see what the delay is?
Is my new card activated?
I tried to top-up, why didn't it work?
I would like to track the card you sent to me.
I'm unsure of a withdrawl in my statement.
I made a transfer the day before yesterday within this country. It is still not showing up at all. I have double-checked and the account number is certainly right. I've actually type this multiple times. can you look into what is going on here?
In which countries does your app work
Why is there extra cash in my account?
I would like to know which fiat currencies are recognized by your organization.
Hae, I already completed my 3D secure authentication when I tried the crypto top up but it's still not working for me. I also don't understand what happened to the money in my account
how do i dispute a payment I didnt make
I tired to deposit some cash into my account but it's not there
What do I need to do to get my salary through this?
I got this stupid fee after taking cash out, why?
Someone needs to make me aware when there are extra charges for payments. I happened to be looking at the app earlier and noticed a charge associated to a payment that was extra that no one made me aware of before at all.
How long does it take for pending to go through
Which countries are represented?
Are there downsides to using a disposable virtual cards?
When I deposit cheques and cash, my balance does not update.
What do I do if my card was stolen.
I think my card payment has been refunded
Are there topping up fees if I have to transfer?
Can you tell me whats going on with my card it seems to be not working?
I am having issues with identity verification
How long does it take in Europe to do a transfer?
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Is it necessary to configure this? If so, where is this done?
Do you have any limit on the auto top-up?
Which countries are supported
What is the fee on my card payment?
I'm confused as to why my transfer is still listed as pending on the website.
There was an extra charge when I used my card
Exchange rate on a purchase was incorrect
Why isn't my PIN available yet?
What is the currency exchange fee?
Where are the virtual cards located?
Please delete my account immediately.
I was charged multiple times at the same location at the same time
can I use it in any country?
What do you charge for an exchange fee?
I messed up a transfer and need to reverse it.
I need to figure out what these charges are on my account. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get all of this money back? Also, I need to freeze my card.
My transfer has not arrived.
Cancel my last transfer
Why have I been charged an extra £1?
What are some of the restrictions that the disposable cards have?
Why was a payment I made reverted?
Why do you need all this information about my Source of Funds?
I need to make my card PIN a different number
Can I top-up as much as I want?
An item I bought had the wrong exchange rate applied.
Why hasn't my son received the transfer I sent to him earlier?
How can I cancel a transfer?
Is there any type of fee for currency exchange?
Why hasn't my top-up gone through?
There are duplicate transactions on my account
I need to exchange foreign currency will i be charged?
Please specify any limitations that come along with disposable cards.
They used the wrong rate when I made a purchase with foreign currency.
Why do I see an extra fee on my statement?
Why wouldn't the ATM give me cash?
Where do I find the auto top up option?
what to do about stolen phone
Which fiat currencies are supported by you?
Why isn't my deposit showing up?
What's the youngest I can be to open an account?
need to exchange currencies
Hello I am unable to exchange the crypto currency through the app, i am very keen to buy. Please let me know the issue.    interested buying crypto currency but i am unable to purchase it through the application,i do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
Please help! I was looking at my account and saw a transaction with a seller I don't remember. Is it possible for you to track the sale, because I really don't think I made a payment to them.
I want to know where my money comes from.
Do you need to know my first and last name?
What is stopping my money from transferring?
How to unblock my PIN?
I should have received a refund however it is not showing on my statement
How do I reset my passcode?
What are the sources for the funds in my account?
Instruct me how to reset the passcode.
I don't know what's wrong, my contactless stopped working. Tried it in a few different places today and it didn't work in any of them.
Why would a cash withdrawal still be pending?
how much do you charge to top up US cards?
My cash withdrawal was not entirely complete
i received my American Express in Apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not working?
I'm trying to purchase crypto via the app. I haven't been able to get it to go through. Am I doing something wrong?
My card was working but now it doesn't.
Is the closest ATM to me within 2 miles?
How do I cancel my card? There are charges on my account that I didn't make.
My transfer was declined
Visa and Mastercard can both be received from you?
Why wasn't it obvious that you charge for payments? If you put the fees in an easy to read format, this could have been avoided.
How do I get Top Up to work in Apple Pay?
A payment is showing twice. Why is that?
Can you tell me why I was charged $1 for a transaction?
I need to cancel my card.  There are a few charges from a couple days ago that I didn't make.  Can I get credit for these charges?
Are EUR exchanges acceptable?
I see a direct debit that isn't mine? How can I get my money back?
Although I transferred some money, it has not as of yet, arrived.
How do I transfer funds from my American Express into my account?
How would you use a disposable card?
Will there be a charge when money is added to my account?
When will my transfer move from pending to confirmed?
My refund has not yet been credited on my statement
I don't want to use this method to identify myself.
I would like use the bank transfer, but I don't understand the process, can you please explain, topping up?
My phone has been stolen.  How can I make sure no one uses my account from it?
wheres my money receipt
Will I be charged any fees if I want to add money with an international card?
There's a cash withdrawal I am certain I did not make
What do I do if an ATM "stole" my card?
It didnt work when I tried to pay contactless at the bus today. Why?
I need to know the time frame that is typical for a transfer from a UK account. I just made a transfer and it doesn't appear. I want to make sure everything is okay.
How long until I see a cash withdrawal?
Why did the app deny my top up?
I did a transfer to my account, but it hasn't shown up
I just bought an item and would like to stop payment, is this possible?  The item has not been received yet.
Why does top-up require verification?
I accidentally exceeded my PIN tries.  Please advise.
Do I qualify for a visa card?
Why is my cash request and the amount I received different?
Do you have any idea on when I will receive my refund? I got my statement and it was not there.
May I order another card?
I entered my pin wrong  too many times.
My card is showing a fee from when I used it, but I thought this card was supposed to be fee free?
How long is a delivery to the US?
Why are there fees for card usage?
Could not complete transfer, states 'declined'
I am unhappy with my purchase, how do I cancel the order?
Can I change to another currency?
why couldn't I use my card at a store?
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew wasn't correct.
Problems with my top up
How long does transfers take?
What do I need to do to activate my card?
I havn't received my PIN yet.
I topped up but my money is not showing. Why is that?
I deposited some cash but it hasn't shown up in my account yet, what's going on?
Unable to complete transfer, states 'declined'
Can you get me my card fast?
How much does it cost to top up by card?
where do I request a disposable virtual card?
What fiat currencies are used with holdings and exchanges?
Any hidden fees associated with the international card if money is added?
When will I get my money? It's been too long.
Can I change from AUD to GBP?
If I ordered my new card last week, how much longer should I wait to receive it?
I have yet to receive my virtual card
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
I may no longer need GBP, but instead I will need AUD, how can I go about making this change?
What are the uses for disposable cards?
I'm not in the UK, is it possible for me to still get a card?
How long will a transfer from Europe take?
Is there a fee for topping up a card?
where to funds come from
I tried topping off my account with a card, but the money is not in my account despite the charge going through
what is the top up limit
What do you demand for identity verification?
Are there restrictions on new cards in China?
I would like open a second card for my daughter, how can you assist me?
I did not receive my full withdrawal amount
When I attempted to make a transfer, it failed.
Can you tell me why my transfer is failing and help resolve?
On my statement, there is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending. What's causing that? I haven't purchased anything that's just a pound.
Can I use the app without my phone?
Is it normal to be charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
The ATM is messed up. It gave me less than I wanted.
You did not apply the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
What'll it charge me for a SEPA transfer?
Can you tell me why I was charged to withdraw cash?
I want to get Visa and Mastercard
Where is the virtual card located?
Why am I being a charged for using my card?
Why am I having trouble verifying my id?
How can I verify the top-up card?
How long does it take for a bank transfer to show on my balance?
What should I do if I want to get another card for someone in my family?
Could you please help me?  I made my rent payment and have double checked that I sent it to the right account.  The person receiving it says he has not received it but it shows complete on my side.
How long will it take for the money to reach my account?
How do I delete an account?
Can I link my card I previously received?
If there isn't much money left over, will it top-up automatically?
My account got charged for taking out cash, why did this happen?
I may need to dispute a Direct Debit payment.
Is it possible that my card payment was reverted?
What are my options for holding money in multiple currencies?
There was a charge made on my card from a couple weeks ago and I don't remember making the purchase. Nor do I remember the company itself. Can we trace this at all to confirm if I did it or not?
The funds I transferred are not in my account
What currencies is an exchange rate calculated in?
How do I retrieve a trapped card from a ATM?
Can friends send me money?
My transaction went through but I was charged a fee. Why?
My recipient hasn't received the money
It's been a week since I ordered my card and it's not here. Please help?
The app is telling me that I am not me.
I haven't received my card.
on my statement there is a payment that I don't recognise
do you have a fee for receiving a SEPA transfer?
What's wrong with my card? The clerk at the grocery store said it was declined.
How can I find an ATM that accepts this card?
How long does it take for a pending cash withdrawal?
Am I able to cancel a transfer I just made
I want to know why my top-up was reverted
What steps can I take if someone else is using my card?
When traveling, is it possible for it to add money at specific time intervals?
What are the fiat currencies used?
My card data has been exposed.
I need a physical card.
Where can I go to find out how to verify my identity?
When I received my cash; they had my exchange rate incorrect.
My balance didn't change after I transferred some money.
What do I do if I have been charged twice?
Is there a fee for topping up by charge card?
I could not get money from an ATM
An incorrect exchange rate was applied to an item I bought.
How do I auto top-up?
How do I freeze my card? I think someone is using it to make a bunch of online transactions.
Can you please tell me where my card is? I ordered it 2 weeks ago!
How do I go about transferring money into my bank account?
My card payment was cancelled.  Why?
Where can I go to update my personal profile?
I have a payment listed as cancelled.
So I just went to the ATM to get some cash.  I input that I needed 100 pounds but I only got 80.  I have the receipt  and I am in need of the extra money.  How do I go about obtaining the missing amount?
How many disposable cards can I make in a day?
I had a duplicate card and bought something and it showed up twice. I canceled my card, how do I get my money back?
How do I know what my account is set to, I am paid in GBP?
I would like to order a virtual card.
I'm concerned because my cash withdrawal is pending.
I see a reverted payment on my account. Why has this happened?
Do I have to do the identity check?
Is there a fee when I add money to my international card?
Several items I have charged this week are appearing twice.  Please review my statement and remove any duplicate charges.
I want to change the wrong exchange rate.
how much does it cost to add money
I don't see a code anywhere on my top-up card? Where can I find it? I need to verify!
I sent a cheque to you a few days ago and the deposit has yet to appear in my account. I need this money, what is the problem?
What does it mean when a transfer is "pending"?
Am I able to get both a Visa and MasterCard from you?
I need help making this transfer. I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my mortgage payment to go through first. Can you help?
How can someone send me money?
How do I link a card that I already have?
I needed $100 but all it gave me was $20.
how to get new card after atm eats it
Do you have an option for auto top up?
Is it possible to cancel a transaction?
Suddenly, my card won't work.
I see I was charged extra when I used the card.  I am not sure why, please tell me why.
What is an exchange rate?
I would like to exchange currencies, but is there an extra charge to do so?
I am having trouble to verify my identity
So much time has gone by, the pending status shouldn't still be there shouldn't it?
How do I make my card show up in the app?
I have a disposable virtual card. Is there a limit to how many times I can use it?
Is there an auto top up option?
My card didn't work at the ATM in Notting Hill.  Is my card working?
I have a reverted top up I made and wanted to know why it didn't go through.
I have been charged an extra fee when buying from your store. Why is this?
How much is the charge for a foreign currency exchange?
There's a weird payment showing in my app that I definitely haven't made myself, as I haven't used the card at all that day. Please cancel that and return my money.
I have been charged a pound for something that appears on my statement
I want a refund for my item
What kind of currencies can I use to add money?
Hi, I was at a restaurant later the week and when I went to look at my account I noticed that I got charged twice. I would like to get my money back from one of those transactions.
The ATM machine stole my card.
How can I top up by card?
Why can't I withdraw funds from my account?
I saw a payment come out of my account for a merchant I don't remember.
Can I change my information?
Why did my transfer not go through?
If I bought something I didn't like, can I get a refund?
Why would a merchant revert a card payment?
My card payment's cancelled
Can I exchange USD for GBP in your app?
The transger I tried to make failed.
My card got stolen!
I was removing a dollar amount from my account and now don't have access to my card.
The balance hasn't changed yet after depositing a cheque with some money.
What should I do if I can't prove my identity.
I paid with my card and was charged extra
Is there a fee for sending out more than one card?
I think my card payment has been stopped
Where do I find PIN for my card?
How old do my kids need to be to open an account?
It looks like I was charged twice for a single transaction
Since I got married, I need to change my name.
I tried to use my card to withdrawal money from the ATM in Notting Hill but it didn't work. This is the first time I've tried using it. Is my card working?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket.
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash when I exchanged it overseas.
Can I add funds directly from my Apple Watch?
My card expires next week. How do I get a new one?
I did all that was asked of me and I am rather frustrated. I don't understand why you just won't credit me my money back. I have contacted the seller and nothing has been done. It's been a week!
I transferred 7,000 to a receiver outside the EU and they received a lesser amount than what I sent, Unfortunately, now I must send an additional transfer to the receiver so that they can receive the full amount I initially sent.  I'm not sure why they received a lesser amount than what I initially sen, but can you please look into this and let me know what happened?
Why can't I see my funds after I topped up?
How can I replace an expired card?
What fee is included if I top up by card?
I made a bank transfer a couple of hours ago from my UK account.  It hasn't appeared, can you check to make sure it went through?
Can cards be delivered? Where?
I punched in the wrong pin too many times and I'm locked out.
You can activate your card in a few seconds by going to account, hitting activate, and just following the directions.
I have a duplicate charge
This past holiday I made a withdraw at the ATM machine, and it seems I've been charged too much.
Can you tell me where I can order a virtual card?
When trying to get more than one card is there a extra amount that needs to be paid?
What ATMs can I use my card at?
How is the PIN delivered?
How do i get my salary in the account?
Is there any way to get my salary in a different currency?
Can you please tell me how long it takes for the transfer to be available.
Can I change my details because I moved?
what is the price of a transfer?
My transfer is stuck pending? How do we fix it to it goes through?
There is a withdrawal on my account I didn't make.
How can I make my card ready to use?
Why did it decline my payment?
Is there always a charge when withdrawing money?
Does it cost to exchange currencies with this card?
There must be an issue, why has my card been cancelled?
I need to change my contact information.
How to order my card?
I have an incorrect charge and would like a refund.
Why would there be an extra charge on my app?
How can I top up automatically?
Will my other US credit card be accepted?
Why isn't my balance reflecting a transfer I did?
I found the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
Why was there an extra charge because I used my card to pay?
I found my card. How can I put it into my app?
Do I pay a fee for SEPA transfers?
Will you assess me more fees if I top up with an international card?
Why does it still charge me even though I was unable to withdraw money from the ATM?
The app doesn't believe that I am myself
My transaction was just declined when I was using my disposable virtual card. What can I do?
I have noticed that my account was double charged for a couple of items this week. Please review and refund the double charged items back.
Why am I being charged for withdrawing cash but haven't in the past?
Why was I overcharged a pound!?
Is it normal to have to verify my top-up or is something wrong?
Why is there a transaction that shows multiple times?
My card is about to expired what will happen?
My top-up does not seem to have worked, what  went wrong?
Will I be charged for a SEPA transfer?
I don't know why my credit card was declined while I was trying to top-up. Was it something on my end or was there something wrong with the top-up function?
Your ATM pin can be changed at any VISA or MasterCard ATM with PIN services. Certain countries don't support ATM pin changes.
When I travel, what will it cost to switch for my currency?
I got cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
I am here to change my adress.
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this,what should be done
Hi, I tried to withdraw some money from an ATM and the machine was broken.  It says that the transaction is still in progress.  Can you double check to see what's happening? I don't want to be charged since I was not able to withdraw the money.
Why can't the recepient of my money transaction see it?
I was mugged yesterday and they took everything.  I can't access my app.  What are my next steps?
I'm confused ass to why my contactless is not working.
How long do I have to wait for Europe transfers?
Why couldn't I make a withdrawal from the ATM?
It seems I was overcharged when I used an ATM while on vacation. If I knew about your fees in advance I sure would have gone somewhere else.
Hello, I made a payment with my card and it's not working. It's been a while and still says its pending. Can you tell when this will go through?
What do I do if I notice a strange withdrawl in my statement?
What is the procedure for getting another card?
Where do i verify a top-up card?
I should not have been charged a fee for cash withdrawal.
Why are you declining my payment? Everything was fine.
I can't do the verification.
I was mugged.  They took everything.  I can't use the app.  What do I do?
My friend wants to send me money, can she?
What should I do with my atm that got stuck?
Why does the same transaction appear multiple times?
My money has disappeared. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's gone. What is happening?
Why was my transfer charged a fee?
Send me my card now! ASAP
Account topping up bank transfers to my account assistance please?
What are the steps to get my card back that was kept by the ATM?
Help me with a PIN change.
I am not sure how this will work, but I have not received a product I ordered.  I want a refund, but should I just cancel the payment?
My top up is not working
I had a card payment that was declined.  Why?
What's the process for terminating an account?
Can I hold money in other currencies?
I got a message that my transfer was declined.
A transaction shows duplicate times.
How long does it take to get my card? Can I choose when to receive it?
An extra pound was charged!
When I got cash I believe that the exchange rate was wrong
When can I expect money to be transferred to my account?
Card has been received, how will it show up on the app?
How long do EU transfers actually take? I recently bought something online a few days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
I need to transfer funds into my account. How can I do this?
What is needed for identity verification?
I am adding money, what currencies do you accept to do this?
Please stop my purchase.
Can I get a Visa or Mastercard?
Why wouldn't the ATM give me my money?
I can't get money out of the ATM. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
Why am I being asked to verify my identity?
I would like to see the source of my money.
Why is my identity not verified?
Can I exchange currencies usign this app?
I was only given $20 when I tried to get $100
I need to transfer something to China. It is urgent. How many days will it take to get there?
No Visa please. I want to continue with Mastercard.
Why was the wrong rate applied when I bought something in a different currency?
Can I change my pin through the app?
Why won't the machine accept my card anymore?
I think I was double charged
Are visa and mastercard accepted
Why can't I add any beneficiary I choose?
Why is my PIN blocked?
A random charge got added to my card
What is your maximum top up limit per day?
I need an actual card that I can hold in my hand, how do I do that?
How can I fix my bank transfer to show up on my bank account?
I think my card is broke?
If I want to can I set up a new PIN?
How can I periodically check the delivery of the card you sent?
Can I get paid in another currency?
I don't understand the money transfer process.
Hae there, I have a transaction that is in progress despite the fact that the ATM was not working, what do I do to avoid being charged?
Is there something that I can do since my phone was stolen yesterday?
What currencies do you accept for adding money?
I sent money and the recipient has not received their money after two weeks.
I'd like more info on getting a virtual card.
My ATM transaction shorted me on cash, and I think the exchange rate was wrong. Did I receive the correct rate?
I don't understand where this debit came from and want it removed.
I am unable to use my top-up on the app. Could you explain this to me?
Why does my statement show various transaction times?
What countries are you currently in?
I can't input my pin again.
I'd like to get a Visa card, please.
Why is my top-up still outstanding?
Where can I find out how to transfer money into my account.
I don't think my top up worked
is it possible to get a refund for something I purchased?
Please help to explain to me why my new card was declined when I tried to use it at my grocery store this morning to pay for the items I needed.  I tried three times to use it and it kept being declined.  I was very embarrassed standing there trying to buy my groceries.
would I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
how do i find out about transfers
A transaction on my card shows as pending.
I need to freeze my card as soon as possible. I just checked my account and saw that there have been several payments that I don't recognize over the course of a few days. Can we investigate and get my money back?
There's a cash withdrawal on my account that I didn't make
I need a new passcode.
Is my country's currency supported by your system?
Where can I find the source of my available money?
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done ?
What works for identity verification?
There's a payment showing in the app today even though I have not used my card at all. I want a refund.
I am having trouble doing a transfer. A "Decline " message appears after making the transfer.
Are there any discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
I wanted $100 but only got $20
I want to know your exchange rates.
I only received $20, but I requested $100.
I think someone may have cloned my card or something.  My card isn't lost but I just saw a charge of $500 cash withdraw.  Can you help me?
My card is about to expire. How much does it cost to order a new one and how fast will I get it?
Is my salary eligible for this?
I payed my rent to my landlord a few days ago and he is saying the it never went though. Everything looks good to me and I even double checked the account number. I don't know what could be causing the confusion. Can you help me please?
How long does a transfer from a UK account take? I just made one and it doesn't seem to be working, wondering if everything is okay
How can I set a new pin.
Why wasn't my contactless accepted at the metro?
How long does it take for something to be delivered to the U.S?
I'm still expecting the transaction to be finished
I am inquiring about your auto top up feature.
Why do transfers get declined?
I prefer using Mastercard, can I substitute?
You applied the wrong exchange rate while I was traveling outside the country.
Why was I charged a fee on a cash withdrawal?
My new card just arrived, how can I activate it?
Could my daughter open an account?
top up is still pending
Am I able to Top Up with Apply Pay?
Why am i to verify the top-ups?
Why was I charged a fee for a transfer?
Why do you ask for top-up verification?
It has been a couple of hours but I do not see my balance updated, can you help?
Will topping up by transfer lead to a charge on my account?
How many cards am I allowed?
can i do a transfer with swift
The rate of exchange for my card payment is incorrect
I would like to change currency
The ATM didn't give me the card back!
My card needs to be topped up.
What currencies can I use?
When I made a transfer, there was a fee.  Why?
What does pending mean on a cash withdrawal?
I have a new card. How do i top it up?
My card isn't working anymore.
How do I exchange USD to GBP?
My card got blocked, how do I reset?
My transfer was wrong, are you able to stop it before it goes through please?
I got my new card but I am not sure if it need s activated and how?
My card info was stolen, what do I do?
Can I make transfers before identity verification?
Is there a reason to why I was charged twice for a transaction?
Is there a top-up limit that I have to stay under during a given period of time?
Am I allowed to use different currencies?
I can't upload my identification.
What do i have to do to change my name?
Im very upset as my top-up was canceled and I have no idea why.
How do I locate my PIN now that I have my card?
Is there any way to cancel a recent transfer?  I did not mean to make it and need to make sure it does not go through.
How do I reactivate my card?
I need to close my account.  Your company is terrible!
I needed some cash while abroad, and I'm pretty sure the wrong exchange rate was applied.
where is theft-top option?
I want a card. What is the procedure?
I am quite aggravated that I ordered online almost a month ago and I never got my package and I paid for it. I would really appreciate it if I could get a full refund back now.
What currencies and cards do you support?
Why hasn't the transaction I did to my friend arrive yet?
I tried to get cash but it was declined!
can i get a virtual card online
I can't get my actual card to work
I would like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
Will I get a Visa card or Mastercard?
I'm not sure why my account has been refunded a payment for an item I've already received about 2 weeks ago. Can you please tell me what is going on?
How can I go about getting a disposable virtual card?
Do you have a limit for someone's age?
I do not have my pin yet
The amount of cash I requested to withdrawal did not match what I received when exchanged
I still have not received my new card, I ordered over a week ago.
Why is my 'top up' not showing up in my wallet?
I just looked at my app and it seems I was charged extra, why is that?
Why do I have a pending cash withdrawal?
When did you start charging to make a withdrawal? How much is it now? I always thought it was free.
Is it possible to delete the account?
How many transactions can be made with a disposable card?
I got less cash at the ATM than I asked for. Why?
Will my pin number be sent with my card?
How long do European transfers take?
Where do we mail the card?
I am having trouble verifying my identity.
What is the present state of the exchange rate?
I've just moved address from a place in Durham to a place in Walton-On-The-Naze.  I have a new landlord at my new house and they haven't got my payment but I know I sent it on time, can you check they got it please?
My account is locked because I used the wrong pin too many times.  Please help.p
Why doesn't the person I sent money to see that transfer yet?
Why hasn't my payment shown up yet?
I did not get my virtual card yet, Why?
I have a direct debit charge that I do not recognize
What am I going to need in order to verify my identity?
I got cash abroad and need to check the exchange rate
I made a purchase recently but I have decided that I'm not buying it and I need to receive my money back. Can you please give me a refund ASAP. It's extremely urgent.
I got my card now, how do I make it show up in the app?
What's the most disposable cards I can have?
Can someone assist me with explaining how I can unblock my pin?
How do I top up using my card?
What can I do to verify my identity?
There is an extra charge on my app that I was not told about or I was aware of!
What does it mean when it says I have a payment pending?
Can my account be topped up by my friends?
im worried about fraud how do you protect my account
This company is terrible! Can you delete my account?
how do i get top up with cash deposit
I can't freeze my account as I need the card as I am traveling, how do I change my pin?
I just got married and I need to change my name
Can I track when my card will be delivered?
I've been waiting for a pending transfer to go through for a while now, and don't see any reason why I've been waiting this long.  I know that I have the correct account details, so that isn't the problem.
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working on my device?
What places can I use my card?
I have been double charged
I tired but an unable to activate my card.
I don't need to transfer anymore and I want to cancel it.
I'm having difficulty verifying my identity.
Why can I not do a  transfer
Is GBP a supported currency?
If I use a European bank card for top up, Do I get charged?
I'm worried that my card has been compromised because I see a payment that I didn't make.
What do I need for the verification check?
My exchange seems to have something wrong with it. I changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it appears I was charged way more than I was supposed to be.
The card I have doesn't work.
I've lost track of my phone or someone stole it.
I transferred some money recently and saw a fee on my account, what's that for?
It seems like a transfer is pending.
I cannot get my virtual card to function.
My transfer is still coming up as pending.
I want to add money to my international card, so are there any fees charged to do this?
Is there a fee that comes with transfers?
Why does my statement show a $1 charge on my account?
What foreign exchange rate will I get?
The transfer that I was trying to complete was declined. What was the cause?
The exchange rate seems off on this transaction
I want to use my American Express for adding money into my account.
Please help me get a refund?
Why isn't my ID being verified?
Are PIN separately?
I transferred money but the balance hasn't changed.
I'm trying to transfer money to another country. It's just pending and not sending. My account details are correct. Please help me.
I think there's been an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account.
Please check the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday. I believe I have been overcharged.
How do I transfer money into my account?
Is there a reason why my transaction is taking so long?
When will the card arrive?
How can you transfer my salary to my correct currency?
Hi, I'm trying to purchase a flat and I'm needing the first payment for the mortgage to go through on the flat I'm trying to buy. For some reason I keep getting an error.can you assist in making this transfer? What is going on?
How do I get a card if I live in the US?
I found my card, am I able to put it back into the app?
Can I change my name?  I am not married.
Is the PIN separately delivered?
I cannot get my virtual card to work.
Can I use my American Express stored in Apple Pay to top up?
Can I submit a check or cash payment?
Can I activate a card in the app?
What do I need to do to get a refund?
What is the importance of verifying the top-up?
i need help. I updated my balance with a check yesterday and Im not seeing it. Can you look at my account to see what went wrong?
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards I can have?
My password isn't being accepted and I need to reset it.
I paid with card and I think there was a fee applied.
I would like my card activated.
Are there a certain amount of transactions i can do with one disposable card?
Can I get a card outside the UK?
Is there a transfer fee?
I cannot find my phone, what should I do?
Will there be a charge for topping up by account with a SEPA transfer?
Why was a charged just for transferring?
Hi there, I've tried to make a transfer 5 different times and its not working. Is your system down or something?
How many currencies can I have money in in my account?
Where can I find the auto-top option?
I think I may have been charged $1 extra on my app.  Could you provide some insight as to why this may have happened?
I have moved to a new house and set up a rent payment to my landlord, it was supposed to be in her account a few days ago but it hasn't arrived.  I definitely sent it to the right place, can you confirm where the money is?
How long does it take for money to transfer as my balance hasn't been updated
A card has been sent to me, how do I track it?
What are the rules for transferring to a beneficiary?
What are the limits for disposable virtual cards?
my phone was taken! can you place cancel my account so no one uses it
What fees are charged when I top up
Can you help me to quickly cancel a transaction I accidentally did to the wrong account?
What is the maximum top up?
Where do I go to change GBP?
how do i change name?
In the exchange and holding, what fiat is allowed?
Is it okay to hold money in multiple currencies?
Where is the card PIN located?
Where can I find a list of descriptions the disposable cards have?
Hello, I found the card I misplaced and I need to reactive it, how do I do that?
Can I auto top up multiple times?
How can i get new card?
What is the fee charged with this card payment?
My friend still hasn't gotten a transaction I made.
Are there any fees for top ups?
I can't get my card out of the ATM, what should I do now?
how long does delivery take?
How did the extra charge on my card come in effect?
What is the procedure for topping up with a cheque?
Why was my account assessed a fee?
why top up is not working even if I got my American Express in Apple Bay?
I have a card payment that has been pending for some time and would like to know when it is going to go through.
The currency exchange for my purchase in foreign currency is incorrect.
Am I able to modify my account details?
What is the formula for your exchange rate?
How do I freeze my bank card, as there has been a strange withdrawal?
My app shows some cash I didn't get.
My passcode doesn't work
what are you going to use my identification details for?
Why didn't my top up work?
I no longer have my phone with the app, what should I do?
Are there any charges for European bank card for top up?
I just finished sending money, but it's not logging on the recipient side.
The exchange rate was wrong?
tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
Can I have a card even if I am not living in the UK?
Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
Do you offer Visa or Mastercard?
why don't you accept american express for adding money to my account
How come my cash deposit is not showing up. This can't be right. There must be some mistake. Where did my cash go. You better not have lost it as I need this money asap.
Explain the payment that was declined!
There is a  €1 fee on my account I didn't authorize
How do I fill out the identity check?
I need to cancel a transaction please!
How can I update my personal information after moving?
I am having an issue with an in country transfer I did a few days ago. It has yet to appear in my account. I have checked to be sure that all account information is correct multiple times. What is taking the transfer so long?
I accidentally left my phone at the hotel so now I'm not able to use the app.
What steps do I take to receive another passcode?
I made a mistake this morning when I did a transfer. How do I reverse it?
Hi, I am disappointed to see such a bad exchange rate and hope you can assist me. Would you be able to confirm the official interbank exchange rate for me?
Hi, i found a large amount payment in my old statements which i am sure was not made by me. I am aware that the time has passed but is there a way to raise a dispute for this payment now?
I've been checking my statement to see if I've received a refund I requested from a seller a while ago has arrived. But it has not. This should have come back to me already. Can you help me figure out why it's not here and get my money back?
How do I close my account?
Why is it failing to top-up?
I tried activating my bill of fare and it didn't workplace
Is there a reason why a recipient might not see my money transaction
Tell me more about getting a virtual disposable card.
help me find the top-up card's verification code?
My account shows up as pending after I received cash from the ATM earlier.  How can this be still pending? I've got the cash already.
I transferred a payment a couple days ago and it shows done, but it has not been received.  Could you please help me?
I'd like to order another card
What ID do I need to verify my identity?
What has to be done to verify my identity?
I'm still waiting for delivery of my new card, why is it taking so long?
I need to cancel a purchase I made.
What should I do if my card doesn't work?
What are the age limits for your service?
While on vacation in Spain I think someone saw my PIN and I now need to change it, can I do this at an ATM in Spain?
My app says I withdraw funds from my account through an ATM.
I would like to know how to transfer money into my account.
I need to top up using a cheque
The app is showing mt withdrawals that aren't  mine.
Can I be given a new passcode?
My ATM card isn't working for a withdrawl
my atm transaction was wrong
My card expires very soon.  What is the cost and delivery time to get a new one?
Are your cards available in the EU?
Why am I charged whenever I withdraw cash?
How long will it be  before the person I sent money to is able to see it?
Can I deposit money using Apple Pay?
Please help me, as my topup amount has been reverted, i did it correctly. I think there is some defect in system.
What countries do you currently do business in?
I need to find out why my transfer didn't get there.
How much will I get with the exchange rate?
The refund isn't showing up on my account.
Cash withdrawal was incorrect at ATM.
Can I get a new card?
I have a pending transaction
I NEED HELP WITH MY CARD!!!!! please. It keeps getting declined when I try to use it. I have tried a few times to use it and it keeps getting rejected. I have no idea why.
Is there a way to see where my money originally came from?
I no longer want this can i cancel my purchase?
How do I get a refund for an unauthorized direct debit payment?
Everything seems fine with my account, so why did it decline my payment?
When will the $1 transaction be credited to me?
Is there any way I can get more physical cards to use with my account?
I've just made a money transfer to the wrong account, I need to stop the money from being moved as it may be going to someone I don't know.  Please can you help?
I cant prove who I am
I did a transaction to a wrong account!
how to i go about getting my virtual card
I am trying  to  transfer and  it has been  stopped why is  that
my card details could be stolen, as i didnt make these transactions
You operate in which countries?
What is necessary for the identity verification?
Why isn't top-up working? My top-up money disappeared after I saw that it was successfully transferred. Is it gone? Where did it go?
Is there a problem with the payment that I see is still pending?
I believe my top up has failed
I cannot use my card.
my phone has been stolen by someone
I am experiencing difficulty providing my identity.
I'm expecting to see a cash withdrawal but I'm still waiting.
I just saw the exchange rate you use, but it's so bad that I can't believe that it's the official interbank exchange rate! Is this truly the official interbank exchange rate?
How would I use a disposable card?
How do I discontinue my account?
In receiving cash, the wrong exchange rate was used for my transaction.
How do I transfer money using a credit card?
I didn't make these transactions. Is someone else using my card?
How long does a transfer to another country normally take? I check over and over again and see that my transfer is still pending. It's 2018, nothing should take this long. I have confirmed my account information, so there is no error. What is the hold up?
There is a payment made with my card that I don't recognize at all.
I was charged a fee when making this transfer, and I don't think I should have been!
Hello, I'm having trouble with my card, I don't understand what's happening, I tried using the ATM machine earlier but it wasn't working but seems like the transactions is still in progress, can you cancel it for me?
I found the card that I thought I lost, and I would like to reactivate it.
Although I am not located in the UK area, may i still receive a card?
I didn't enjoy my tutor session and want a refund back. How do I go about doing this?
How do I open up an account for my child?
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged for a restaurant visit. Can I get my money back?
Are there directions to get a new passcode if I forgot mine?
I don't think my top up is working correctly
I purchases several items today. Why are they still showing pending?
I had a problem with my card payment, can you help?
How do I update my address?
why is there a fee for the transfer I made?
Are there any specific cash machines that I have to go to in order to change my PIN?
My money is nowhere to be found? I talked up earlier and seen it. Now it has vanished. What is going on?
My card won't work.
Hi, I'm trying to transfer money from one country to another, but it's taking a long time! All the account information is right, so why is it taking so long?
What is the purpose for the identity check
Why would my card payment not work?
How do I make sure my transfer isn't goin to an unsupported merchant?
Why was my atm withdrawl declined
Someone else might be using my card without my permission.
How many different currencies can I have my money in?
Are there any fees associated with receiving money?
Can I convert money into different currencies?
When will my transfer be available in my account.
I asked for a refund last week but nothing has happened yet, can you help me please?
There is an error, the app says I made an ATM withdrawal and I didn't.
Is there a charge for top-ups?
The app says I made a cash withdrawal that I didn't make
Can I auto top-up as much as I want?
My bank statement doesn't show the cash deposit I made recently.
I just transferred some money. Why was I charged a fee?
Why isn't my cheque deposit showing on my account?  I though it would be faster and would like to to look into it and help.
Instead of GBP, how do I exchange for AUD?
A couple weeks ago there was a debit taken from my account from a transaction I don't recall. Is it possible to trace this transaction to make sure I'm not being scammed?
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank?
What can i pay with out  fees
Do I have to top up in euros if I use a card, or can I use a different currency?
I've made a transfer, how long until the money reaches my account?
I have a transfer waiting.
How long will it take to get to the US?
I can't recall my password.
Tell me why there is a charge on my cash withdrawl.
Could you assist me in finding my lost card?
Why can't I use this beneficiary?
Why isn't my refund showing in my statement?
I think someone has access to my card numbers that shouldn't.
Please help my find out why there is an odd direct debit in my records.
Will it automatically top-up if there isn't much money left?
Why am I being charged a fee for transferring money?
i need to trace a deposit
Do I have to pay extra if I use an international card to top up my account?
I need someone to find out where my money has gone to? It has disappeared. I completed a top up earlier and seen it had went through. Since it has now disappeared I need to know what's going on.
why was a transfer declined
I'm still waiting for the top-up!
My salary is in GBP. Do I need to configure this somewhere?
I don't remember my password
Where did my money come from?
Where can I see the source of my money?
An extra fee of €1 was in my statement
My credit card got declined for top up! What's going on? Can you check on why it didn't go through?
Help me verify my identification.
Where can I see where my funds came from?
What does my daughter need to open an account?
Where is my money? I transfered it and it isn't in my account.
after i got married i need to change my name
When will the money be made available in my account?
I was wondering how I could have two charges for the same item happen more than once in a 7 day period. Is there anyway I could get this corrected asap.
Why is there a fee for my transfer?
Why is my transfer taking so long. I thought it was supposed to only take 1 day if I made a transfer to someone. Can you wee what went wrong?
Do you offer services for children to have money saving experience?
Can you please identify the problem with my bank card?
Why haven't I gotten my payment yet?
What is the reason for the identity check
Why do we need to verify top-ups?
I'd like my account to be deleted. I'm not satisfied with the service you provide.
Will it cost extra to add money to an international card?
What are the top-up limits?
Can you tell me about the exchange fee?
Hi I'm a new customer and tried topping up for the first time today, seems it's not working, the thing shows up as pending since half an hour already! Please fix it!
Do you allow exchanges of EUR?
Please explain why my card was declined?
How can I transfer money to my account?
What is the wait time for a transfer from the US?
I used my card the other day to get cash from an ATM and was charged an extra fee. I don't understand why I am being charged a fee all of a sudden. I thought it was free to withdraw from an ATM?
What fees are charged for a physical card?
I would like a disposable virtual card, could I get one?
My foreign currency exchange has been applied incorrectly.
Will I receive a new card when mine expires?
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money?
What about an auto top-up, is that a option?
What is the price for an additional card?
I need a refund on a direct debit that shows in the app because I did not make it.
Do I have a $1 extra fee on the statement?
My card was taken by the ATM.
How can I use my American Express to add money into my account?
Is it possible to get a refund for the item?
Hello. How do i go about getting a refund of an item i bought ? I want to cancel the payment since i have not received the item yet.
The ATM keeps rejecting my Payment. I tried two different ATMs but did not work .Can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
I need to know the process to transfer money into my account.
Can you help me retrieve my card?
There is a withdrawal in my account I didn't make.
I go the wrong exchange rate applied to my purchase in a foreign country.
What would be the reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
I tried to withdraw 40 pounds but only 20 came out. Did you steal my money?
I haven't seen the cash yet from the cheque I deposited.
It's been a week since you sent my card and I still don't have it.
Show me where to order my card.
Can you please inform me of the restrictions for the disposable cards.
why was i charged a small amount
My money hasn't been transferred yet.
The other bank confirmed a transfer I made, but this account is not reflecting it yet.
I heard you have virtual cards. How do I get one?
In the app I see a direct debit that I don't recognize.
I would like to cancel my previous transaction
need my details changed
If I need an additional card, is there a fee for that?
Has someone accessed my card there are payments I did not make that are showing up on the app.
Why hasn't my card arrived yet?
How can I receive my salary with a different currency?
My card was declined but it shows as multiple charges?
Why was I charged extra using my card?
An overseas cash transfer did not work correctly
Is there a transaction limit on a disposable card?
What steps do I need to take for the identity checking process?
My account isn't showing a transfer I made.
Can I use my card while on vacation overseas?
Where can I pay with my debit or credit card?
I want to close my account due to poor customer service.
Is there a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
How would I use a bank transfer for topping my account?
Can I get a card that works in other countries like Africa and Indonesia?
How can I top-up my limit?
I made a transaction this morning but I need to revert it now.
What if I don't want to disclose all of my identity details?
There seems to be an additional charge of £1 on my statement, what is the reason for this?
I need my card to be activated right now.
Where can I go to get a virtual card?
There is a direct debit set up that I didn't create.
I went to the Notting Hill ATM to use my card the first time for a cash withdrawal but it didn't work. Does this mean that my card isn't working yet?
What countries do your accounts support?
Can I get a Visa instead of a MasterCard?
Can I verify a top up?
What is this $1 charge on my account?
Why did I not get all the money that I asked for? I asked for all the cash in my my account, but I only got about half. Why is that??
Why am I being charged for getting cash?
When will my transfer move out of pending stage?
How come I got blocked for entering wrong pins?
Will I always be charged a fee for using my card?
How do I make sure I don't run out of money on my card while traveling?
locations to withdraw money
My new card isn't here and it was issued a week ago.
I made a transfer a few hours ago from a UK banking account.  I do not yet see the transfer.  Please check on this for me.
Hi, My card withdrawal was declined this morning. It was working fine till yesterday. Please check and inform me.
Is there a tracking number for the card you sent me?
Can I add funds to the card directly from my bank account?
If my card is going to expire this month, do I need to order a new one?
What stores can I sue my card?
How long will it take my card to get here?
I need to transfer money into my account, and I don't know how to do that.
What is the estimated wait time for transfers from the US?
I need you to cancel a transfer that I made.  It is the wrong account number and the app won't let me stop the transaction.  Please stop it!
How can I transfer money into my account?
Which fiat currencies are compatible for exchange and holding?
What was the extra charge for withdrawing money?
I want to revert a transaction I did this morning
Some of my card payments look different than where I purchased products from. Why is that?
Help.  My card is broken.
I want to change my PIN - do I need to be in a bank?
Can this convert money?
Why couldn't I get cash from an ATM?
Unusual direct deposit
Do you take SWIFT transfers?
My disposable virtual card is not working when I try to use it at a point of sale transaction. What do I do now?
I would like to know how exchange rates are calculated when transferring funds.
How do I transfer cash my into my account?
I noticed the currency exchange rate was incorrect after paying for something in a foreign country.
For what reason would a top up be reverted and returned to my account?
Can you tell me what the exchange fee is?
I am having a huge problem with my card being declined and it's really important that I top-up today.  Would you please look into this further and let me know how I can get this fixed?
My payment was declined
Who accepts the card?
There is a repeat charge for the same item
My top up hasn't worked, it's been stuck in pending for the last couple hours
For the first time I got a fee on my account. How do I know when you charge these fees?
A seller is stating that they haven't received money yet when the money has already deducted from my account.
What's the process for exchanges?
My card has not arrived yet.
I want a refund
How can I order a card?
My account says I have a pending transfer.
are there any exchange fees
I want to link to my card card with you, how?
My credit card payment has been in pending status for a super long time.  I don't get it.  Why is it like this?  When will it go through?
I don't know how to top up my Google pay.
I have a transfer that was approved that I'm urgently waiting for. How long am I supposed to wait for it?
How do you decide what the exchange rates are?
My card is gone I think it was stolen
Is there a way you can have money from a purchase I made refunded to my account.
Earlier today I took money out the ATM. After checking the app the amount is so much higher than the amount I received.
What is the length of time for one of these items to come to the U.S?
What's going on? My card wont accept any transactions.
What is the process when my card is due to expire?
Can I top-up any amount?
How long do I need to wait til my top up isn't pending?
I want a new PIN please.
What is the best way to exchange currency?
I wanted to know why i got an additional fee when i use my card.
There is a direct debit set up that was not authorized by me.
I want to take back my transaction
Any fee for topping up?
Can I open up an account for my child?
I only have one more US credit card, is it accepted?
Why are top-ups being verified?
Why is my withdrawl to cash still pending?
What areas are cards delivered to?
What do I do if I can't access my passcode?
I can't access my money. Is it because somethings wrong with the top-up? I set it up correctly.
Is there a charge for topping up by transfer?
What currencies do you support?
I would like to make a transfer. How much does it cost?
I deposited a check, but haven't received the funds for it.
I need help with a lost card
I tried to use the ATM with foreign currency. The conversion rate applied was wrong.
There is a suspicious direct debit payment.
Why didn't my transfer complete?
top up google pay, is it possible?
I have a duplicate payment on my account
Why am I being charged fees on some transactions but not on others? What am I missing here? I cannot find where to see the fee structure on my account. Help!
Top-up is not working
Will I be sent a new card before mine expires?
I didn't initiate a direct debit that I see on my account
Is there a way to transfer funds directly from my card?
What do I do if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
Why i'm I being charged an extra pound
I want to know about your refund policy.
The ATM keeps declining my card! I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is alright with my account??
I can't make purchases with my virtual card.
Can I have a mastercard?
Which cards and currencies are supported?
I know this very late, but I just went through my statements from the last couple months and there's one quite large-ish payment that I definitely haven't made. Is it still possible to dispute it?
My PIN was blocked.
I won't verify my identity.
I tried to top up, but it didn't finish.
How do I change the PIN?
When I got cash the exchange rate was wrong
I am looking to get a Visa credit card, what must I do to achieve this?
My bags were stolen. I need a new card but need to cancel the stolen one.
Is the top-up amount unlimited?
Did you revert my top up?
Something is wrong with my password.
What locations are cards delivered to?
The wrong rate was applied to an item I bought in a currency different from mine. Can this be changed?
Which fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchanging?
My purchases from this morning still have pending payments.
Is it possible to get a card if I'm not in the UK?
Can i use this card at any store?
I transferred money to my account but it is not showing.
Where is the option to top up with a cheque?
Are there any fees to get additional cards?
I've made a transfer from France two days ago but I was wondering if international transfers take longer to arrive because it hasn't made it yet.
My top up hasn't gone through
What is your currency exchange fee?
I have tried to use my card several times and it does not work.
For the identity check, what kind of documents do I need to have?
Am I allowed to hold money in multiple currencies?
Where is the money that I transferred.
I just got an email in confirming my purchase with my card. I login to the mobile app on the card and found out there are several purchase were made without me aware of it. Evidently someone had stole my card information and made these fraudulent purchase. I need the transaction to be reverse and have my card suspended.
It won't let me verify my identity.
How long does it take for money to transfer?  I sent some to a friend and it hasn't gone through yet.
Why didn't my balance update after my cash or checque deposit?
I need my card frozen cause it was used without my consent to take money out. It was in an odd place.
Can you tell me why my refund is not showing in my statement?
I don't understand why you aren't accepting my transfer. After a couple times trying I'm still getting an error message.
How long does it take for a top up to be approved?
Could you help my figure out the exchange fee?
My marital status has change, I got to correct my name to reflect that.
How's the exchange rate?
How can I tell where my funds came from?
When I travel, can it automatically add money in certain intervals?
I transferred some money but I think it has gotten lost somewhere.
I bought some things this morning but the payment shows that it is pending
always exchanging currencies, do you offer a discount?
Can I choose the day it's delivered?
How do I replace a card that's going to expire?
need help with google pay top up
Why didn't my transfer get to the recipient?
Why can't I verify my identity?
How do I authenticate my top-up?
Please, I need your help as to whether or not you have money for a large refunded purchase I made. I requested it some time ago from the seller, but nothing is showing up.
What are these fees i am paying?
Do you receive SWIFT transfers?
I've forgotten my passcode. Can I reset?
I just tried to top-up and now I'm getting an additional verification message, why?
I made a bank transfer and the balance hasn't updated yet.
My account was charged a fee. When did you start charging extra for card payments?
How can I activate my new card?
I received a message from a seller stating they hadn't received my money even though it definitely came out of my account. The money has now been deposited back into my account. Please get this resolved as soon as possible.
I am having problems with a top-up.
Is there a way to reset my passcode?
I was unable to transfer to another account.
What is the procedure of unblocking my PIN?
What are the fees imposed when I make a transaction?
Do you accept any card and currency?
I used the wrong account number!
I was charged an extra pound for no reason. Why is that?
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer?
I can't remember my app code, can you reset it?
Please explain why my transfer attempt was declined. Thank you.
Why is the payment on my card still pending?
Where can I modify my details?
It is common for an international transfer to take 2 days or longer? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago and I have not seen it yet.
Which countries do you operate in
Will it cost more money if my currency needs to be exchanged?
I don't remember my passcode?
With my credit card i would like to transfer money.
My account says I have money but I withdrew it in cash.
Your exchange rates are coming from where?
the transfer went through but now it has been pending for quite a while. i need this to go through already
Where do I go to update details?
Why has my card payment been reversed?
My top-up has not posted.
I deposited cash this morning, but it's not showing up in my account. Can you tell me where's my money?
A pending charge of 1L appears on my statement.  Please explain as I have not made a purchase for that amount
My card was used without my permission.
Why did my payment go back to my account when I bought something?
What do you use disposable cards on?
I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my first payment for my mortgage to go through first. I keep getting an error. I'm not sure what is going on but i need help making this transfer.
I cannot withdraw money from the ATM
Are money transfers free?
Whats the maximum disposable virtual cards?
I would like some help getting a refund back from a seller. It still isn't showing up on my statement and I requested this a long time ago. I'm not sure why it's not returned yet. Can you assist me in getting this money back?
What country's money can I hold currency in?
Please tell me if I'm going to be charged for sending out more cards?
I want to top up by cheque
I tried activating my card and it doesn't work how do I solve this problem?
I question today's exchange rate for rubles into pounds. I was hoping for a better return.
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card. What should I do now that the bank is closed?
Can I add money to my account via bank transfer?
My app is displaying a payment I didn't make
My money didnt go through after I transferred.
Hello, I have recently made a purchase and have decided to cancel my purchase. Is there any way that you can cancel that transaction for me so I can get the money back? It's very important.
I would like to receive a few more physical cards.
Is there a function where I can top-up automatically?
Do these virtual cards have any caps on using them?
I noticed a duplicate charge on my statement.
My wallet was taken and I see that someone is using my card!   Please help me!
My friend says he hasn't received my transaction
Can someone please assist me with finding my nearest ATM?
I just transferred my friend money, but she hasn't received it yet, and it's been a few hours. Can you tell me when to expect it to go through?
How many disposable virtual cards can I have?
Help me cancel my transaction
I have a card payment which shows as pending
Could you explain why my card payment did not work?
Can i have a virtual card?
I made a payment and it was reverted and wanted to know why?
I was taking out funds and was unable to regain my card.
Can the card be mailed and used in Europe?
It's requiring me to verify my identity?
My cash received does not match what has been requested
I made a card payment, but it has been declined?
Why did the ATM swallow my card?
Is my card payment reverted?
why wouldnt the atm give me money
My disposable virtual card was rejected by the merchant, please help?
What is the reason my payment was not accepted?
I want to deposit my check to top up my account
My money is gone :( I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
What can I do to make my physical card work?
I think I see a withdraw I did not make.
I made a mistake on the last transfer I made, who must I speak with to cancel?
My card isn't working at all. What happened?
What are the steps for getting money from a friend?
I lost my phone, what should I do?
I ordered something, and now I have buyer's remorse. Since what I ordered hasn't come yet, can you just cancel the payment since I already know I want a refund for it?
Can I receive my salary with this in another currency?
How can I close my account, I don't want it.
I am not able to verify my id. Why?
How do you Top Up on the apple watch?
Can I have a Visa card?
Please let me know how to change my PIN?
Show me the amount of transactions I can do with a disposable card.
Delete my account please. Now!
I got a new address and need to change my information.
Why do I get declined when I try to withdraw cash?
Can I use a Visa or Mastercard?
I want to choose a new PIN.
Is there a reason my transfer would have been declined?
Fix your system. I can't make transfers, I've tried like 5 times already.
I am trying to find out how to exchange currency X with currency Y.
I made a transfer and the receiver did not get the right amount its lesser than what it should be,Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done
I'm interested in getting a virtual card.  How do I get one?
I am looking to change my adress.
Hello, I didn't receive the right amount on my ATM transaction,  the app shows the correct amount how can we fix this
How do I order a disposable virtual card?
Hi, I would like to file a claim for an inquiry. I am a frequent customer of the company in question and have never had any issue with my purchases, payments, or otherwise. However, the price deducted for an item I purchased a couple of weeks ago has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with my payment? The item has already been delivered to me.
Card payment didn't go through.
I ordered my card a couple weeks ago and haven't received it yet. When can I expect it?
How do you check my identity?
How can I delete my account?
What do I do with my card PIN?
May I get my salary paid out in a different currency?
How do I make my virtual card work?
One of my card payments has reverted
What is the delivery time for US?
I have a direct debit transaction I have not set up, but would like to .
My card is missing.  Please help.
What can you use the disposable cards for?
Can you explain to me why a cash withdrawal shows up as pending?
I know I'm getting a new card but would like know when I can expect to receive it.
How simple is it to transfer money into my account?
What do I do if my card gets broken?
where exactly does money come from
I am 16 and just started working at McDonalds can I deposit my checks at your bank?
I'm unable to use contactless payments for purchases.
There is a problem with my card. Somebody has removed money from my account in a town I haven't been to. Can you please freeze my account immediately?
Can I get an actual card
I deposited a cheque a week ago but have yet to receive the cash.
In my app, a direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
There is a transaction showing up several times.
Where in the app can I find my PIN?
How can my new card be renewed?
How do I dispute a direct debit transaction?
I made a bank transfer and my account balance did not show it.
The app doesn't think that I am myself
Will you guys do Visa or Mastercard?
Can I order a new card to China?
Why would my card payment be cancelled?
I don't recognize a purchase that was made with my card.
How can I unblock my PIN?
My top-up didn't work.
Somebody used my card without my knowledge!
My top-up never worked
Why should I verify the top-up?
Is there a location where I can change my PIN?
When will a transfer from the US post?
Why was my card payment declined?
How long until transfers from Europe go through?
I was double charged at a restaurant can you take the second charge off?
Can you explain to me why a top-up would still be pending?
How does a bank transfer for topping my account work?
I made a payment and it is showing up twice
I did a money transfer to my account and it is not showing there.
I am traveling to Germany, Will I be able to use my card there?
I bought something and want the money refunded can I get some help with that?
Have have a small charge on my account from someone I purchased with but I'm not sure what it relates to.
What currency's can i exchange for?
I want to use a payment card to top up my account. How can I do this?
Do you give out Visa or Mastercards?
What is the limit to a top-up?
I can't remember what my password is
What do I need to do to receive my payroll in the account?
what is the exchange rate?
Where are the locations of ATMs that accept this card?
Where can I use my card?
Can somebody else top up my account?
Exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
I need to know what these extra charges are on my statement?
How do I go about getting a virtual card?
What kind of fiat currency can I used for holding and exchange?
Where do you support?
what cards and currencies are accepted?
My card is about to expire and I need to know how much it costs and how long it takes to get a new one.
Can you explain more about why should I verify my identity?
Tell me your opinion on the exchange rate.
Why are you charging me a transfer fee?
My salary is deposited in GBP. Do I need to choose the currency?
Can you tell me what this fee is on my statement?
I want to close my account now.
I have my card here with me and someone has just made a withdrawal for 500. Please help!
what is this fee for transfering
I need to track the card sent to me.
I haven't received my virtual card.
I made a purchase and it says it's pending. What does that mean?
What do I do if the ATM ate my card?
How can I top up my account and which currency can I use?
My money disappeared! Please help??
Can you tell me how to locate my PIN?
Why didn't my card payment work?
I'm pretty sure my top up is still pending.
Did you lose my money? I had added funds through top-up not long ago and I know they were in my account, but they seem to have disappeared. What happened?
How long would does it take for a seller to receive an EU transfer if I bought something from them and sent them the money immediately?
Can I use my card anywere?
I sent my friend some money a few hours ago but she has not received it yet. She really needs it. How long does this take?
There is a transfer not showing on my account.
Why do you keep declining my transfers? It's been working well so far, but when I just tried to buy something, the card got declined. I tried it a few times, but same thing happened every try.
Give me a refund
Which ATMs accept this circuit board ?
How can I top up with my apple watch?
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening .
My top up has failed
Do EU transfers happen quickly? I purchased something a few days ago and the seller hasn't received my money yet.
i was charged when i used a us issued card. why and what cards are free to use to add money
Please tell me how disposable virtual cards work?
My card was stolen. What do I need to do?
Am I permitted to have a spare card?
Please close my account. I am unsatisfied with your service.
I forgot my password to get into the app!
Hello. I have a transaction in my account listed as pending. I tried to use an ATM at the city centre, but the machine declined my card, and I did not receive the money. Why is the transaction still pending if I did not receive the money.
Will there be a cost if I exchange currency?
Why would my transfer be declined?
How do I activate my new card I just got?
Why do I have to pay extra for using my card?
I need to cancel my recent transfer quickly since I made a mistake. Please help before it goes through.
I was overcharged a pound.
Just today there was a purchase on my card that wasn't done by me. Can this be reversed and my card be frozen? I can't have this continue!
My cash withdrawal was declined, why?
My withdrawl is still pending.  Why?
I keep getting an error message when I'm trying to transfer funds! Why aren't you accepting that?
Can I choose when my card is delivered?
Where can I pay with my card?
My accounts been charged a payment for something I didn't make.
Is the ATM broken? I can't get cash from it.
please help my transfer go through
Someone stopped my payment
The top-up I ordered didn't process.
Would it be possible for me to get a second card?
What's the right way to activate my card?
I want to top my account by using a bank transfer. How would that work?
What's the maximum amount I can top up my card with please?
I cannot locate the card PIN.
If I exchange currencies on a frequent basis can I receive a discount?
Is there a reason why my account isn't updating because I used a check to  balance my account?
What do I do if my card expires soon?
Are extra cards free?
Contactless payments need to be enabled for my card.
Every ATM I visit is rejecting my card and I don't know why. There should be money on it. Can you check it to see if something is wrong or if I'm doing something wrong?
Why has my card payment been cancelled?
Why am I missing my refund
I topped up and went to buy something, but it says that my funds are pending. Is there a way to quicken this process?
A wrong amount of cash we sent to me.
how much you charge for exhcange
What should I do once my card expires?
Can I receive my card anywhere?
What do the disposable cards do?
Why can't I see a transfer to my account?
I have to have several disposable cards per day.
I think the exchange rate was incorrect.
For physical cards, do you charge?
I'm still waiting for a money transfer to show.
I was abroad and needed some cash, but I think the wrong exchange rate was applied to the transaction.
So, I was under the impression that you have an offer for crypto top up. This doesn't seem to be working. Now, the money has just disappeared from my account. What is the deal?
How do I go about activating my new card?
What do I do if I forgot my passcode?
My card was charged more than expected.
I tried to charge my card but it was declined. A couple days ago I was able to charge it and it was accepted. Is something wrong? Will you double check for me please?
How do I know why my card isn't working?
Can I activate my card with the app?
Does it cost money for currency exchange services?
Why cant I send money to a beneficiary?
I need assistance addressing a direct debit that I did not do myself.
i received my American Express in Apple pay, why is top up not working?
Is it possible to verify a top up?
Which type of card will I receive?
My card doesn't work. I can't get cash out at an ATM
I returned an item but don't see it on my account?
I need to know which flat currencies are supported by you.
How much do you charge for exchange rates?
I want to apply for a Visa card.
I lost my phone. Can I disable to app?
I'm not in the UK, can I still get a card?
i tried to withdraw money but was told i didn't have funds
Why hasn't my balance increased after depositing a check?
Someone has taken my money and I don't know who
For some reason, I'm unable to transfer funds.
Can I get a card even if I live outside the UK?
why isnt top up working
What can I do about some payments on my card I didn't make.  Please put a freeze on my card till we can figure this out.
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card, and the bank is now closed. How do I get back a card swallowed by an ATM?
I have a friend who needs money as soon as possibly. If I were to transfer it how long will it take to get to her?
Do I get charged if I top up with my European bank card?
Is a physical charge extra
How can a payment be declined
I was charged $1 in a transaction.
Are there any limits to using disposable virtual cards?
A cash withdrawal has been done that I didn't do.
WHAT CAN I DO AFTER THE CARD MISSING
Do you have any fees if I want to add money using an international card.
Help!  I think my phone may be stolen or lost!
My salary comes in GBP can I change my options somewhere?
I was trying to purchase something at the store today and my card has been declined.  Why has this happened?
How do I link the new card that I just got from you guys?
Is American Express supported for adding money into my account?
My card appears to be broken how can I fix it?
Why is there a cash withdrawal I didn't make?
When do you charge fees on accounts? I just saw a charge on my statement.
I paid my rent into the wrong account, could you please pay it into the right account, it needs to be done by tomorrow.
Where can i exchange between GBP and USD
I am still currently waiting for the cash that has been deposited into the account this morning.
Where is my card accepted?
ATM only gave me $20 instead of $100
Is it possible for me to set up separate accounts for my kids?
My card never arrived.
I need to withdraw money. Where can I do that?
How long will a cash withdrawal be pending?
Why was my cash withdrawal declined by the ATM?
If I don't want a physical card can i get a virtual version?
Where in the app do I link a new card?
Can I order a new card by phone?
Which cards do you guys support? I want to top up using my credit card.
Why was I not able to take cash from the ATM?
Is this card available to United States Residents?
please delete my account, your services are not up to par.
I am having problems with my physical card.
My order hasn't shown up yet, what can I do?
Was there a problem with topping up?
How do I link an existing card?
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one day while they are processed by one of our payment processors. Then, they will depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please also double-check that you have entered the correct account details. SEPA transfers can take up to two business days, and SWIFT transfers can take up to five business days.
Do you ship your cards anywhere?
i cannot get virtual card to work
Can you tell me why my card payment did not work?
What is the auto top up function and where can I find that at?
What is the verification process used for?
Will my card be accepted all over the world?
I've been using my account while abroad for a while but only recently I've been charged a fee. Why am I only being charged a fee now.
My card is no longer lost. How do I enter it back into the app?
Can I use a bank transfer to add money to my account?
How do I know which payments I make will have additional fees? Where can I find this information online?
my check or cash deposit has not shown up
Can I set automatic top ups?
I have been charged a fee for paying with card
Am I able to get a card in EU?
I got charged two times for a transaction
If I need to cash foreign transfers, how does that work?
How can I find out about an extra fee on my statement?
I think something may have happened that caused a charge to show up twice.
My card hasn't came in the mail yet?
Why is there a payment I didn't do?
Can I use your app to exchange USD for GBP?
Not sure what my password is.
I want to add money automatically when I travel.
My rate of exchange was wrong.
Why was the exchange rate incorrect for an item I recently bought?
Are my contactless settings correct? I tried to use it today but it wasn't working.
I need to exchange between different currencies, like GBP and USD. Can I do that with your app?
Why do you require so many details about my identity?
Why would I receive an error that my transfer isn't possible when I've done it before?
I bought something and received it, but the payment went back to my account. Is the seller okay?
Who can send me money?
Where do I go to reset the passcode?
Where can I order a card?
Is there anywhere I can't use my card?
Can I use the system Google Pay for top-ups?
My card is about to expire.
I want to reverse a purchase. Can I cancel it?
Is there an auto top up feature?
Now that I have my card, how do I connect it to the app?
I would like to use cash to make a top-up?
My card isn't letting me purchase something and I wanted to know why.
What is the source of funds for my money?
Does this app have the same exchange rate as third parties?
What steps do I have to take to activate my card?
What does it cost to receive a SEPA transfer?
I keep trying to make a payment, but it doesn't work.
How can disposable cards be used?
Is there a specific type you need for identity verification?
How do I use my card to top up?
Can I activate my card?
Why have I not received my PIN
The stupid machine just swallowed my card!! I need a new one ASAP
I have a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
My phone was stolen, what can I do?
Do I get to have one of those virtual cards I've heard about?
How do I order a new card if my current one is about to expire?
I see a duplicate payment.
My currencies needed to be exchanged often and I was wondering if there were any discounts available for this?
Can I use my American Express to add money to my account?
I have a cash withdrawal in my statement. Why is that?
Do you not accept crypto transfers from certain places? Because when I tried to do a top up the money just disappeared. Im not sure what to do or what I'm doing wrong, please help.
I want a refund because my package has been taking too long to arrive. How do I go about doing that?
My card is still pending, I've been waiting a while.
I made a payment but the app reverted the payment.
What happens if my card payment is cancelled?
European bank card for top up will come with any extra fees?
What is the charge to make a transfer
What are the countries you operate in.
The exchange rate is incorrect for my payment.
I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I can't use the app, so I need some help.
Where can I find your exchange rates?
What currencies can I exchange?
Can you tell my why my funds transfer did not work properly?
Help me activate my new card.
I wish to cancel a transfer
I get a "decline" message when doing a transfer
How much time do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it fast. It's been hours, and the money has not gone through.
Is there a way yo change my PIN?
My card doesn't work when I use it.
I got a new card, how do I link it?
i was supposed to get a refund but my balance hasn't changed, why not?
How long does an item I bought show as pending?
Will I be able to track the card that was sent to me?
I just got my new card, how do I activate it?
How come I got charged extra for withdrawing cash?
I was trying to top up my account and it isn't working
What do I do if my Google pay top up isn't working?
Please delete my account and personal information.
What is the base amount for cross-currency exchanges?
How much does it cost for additional cards?
What is the fee to top-up my account
Hey, I try to make a bank transfer from my UK account a few hours ago, but it haven't show up yet. Please check my account to make sure everything alright with it?
Does this app allow currencies to be exchanged?
My refund has not shown up in my account.   Where is it?
Why was I charged a fee when I withdrew money?
How long will this transfer from europe take?
How do I receive a virtual card?
Can I see the source of my available money?
Why was there a fee for my transfer?
My Netflix subscription says that there is an issue with my card information, but I thought everything was fine. Why would it be declined?
I'm waiting for a money transfer to show, still.
Why are there limits on auto top-up?
Please help me get a Visa card.
How long does a bank transfer take to show up in available funds?
Why have I been charged twice?
im so mad right now. theres several charges that I think my x boyfriend made on my card. the companys on the website wouldn't refund me my money, they told me to contact my bank. DO something please.
I notice that I have a card payment that's been cancelled.
Is there restrictions on where I can use my card?
Where can I get a disposable virtual card?
Why wasn't my bank balance updated?
I'm not recognizing the card payment.
how many transactions can go on a disposable card?
What's the minimum age for opening an account?
I cannot remember my passcode.
If I top up by card, what options do I have re: currency and card type?
Send my card as soon as you are able to.
I used foreign currency to buy something and I think the rate applied is incorrect.
What are the rules to where I can use my card?
WHAT IS THE MAIN REASON OF THIS PROBLEM
My cash transaction isn't showing on my account
The exchange rate was different when I got cash
I made an ATM withdrawal over the holiday and then later realized I was charged an exorbitant fee!  I never would've made this withdrawal if I'd known I'd be charged so much.
When will my transfer arrive from Europe?
Why can't I top up by cheque?
I made a money transaction but the recipient can't see it
How can I get a disposable virtual card?
How often can I top up?
I was unable to activate my card.
What happens if my card is stuck in the ATM?
Can I still use my account without verifying my identity?
When will I have access to my pin number?
What is the verification code on a top-up?
Is there an age limit to get an account?
Why is identity verification required?
I saw a fee on my receipt from withdrawing money while shopping earlier.  Is there supposed to be a fee for this type of transaction?
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to stop pending
I can't access my account.
My payment has been returned.
Help me unblock my account.  I entered the PIN wrong too many times.
The app is showing an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
Hello there, I tried using crypto top up today but it's not working for me, might it be due to the kind of bank I'm using or the country that I'm from?Money is also missing from my account
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
Hi, I want to inquire about my balance. Some cash was deposited and it hasn't updated yet.
I have never been charged for making an ATM cash withdrawal before, but I am now being charged a fee to withdraw cash. What happened?
I answered so many questions about my identity. Why do you need this info?
how come my withdrawal rate is wrong for my cash withdrawal
Can you tell me how to link one of your cards that I already have?
What's the transfer time from Europe?
Can I transfer my salary onto here?
I'm in China and really need a new card.
How will I receive my PIN?
I was just contacted by a seller that let me know they didn't get my money even though I'm very sure it was removed from my account. Now it's back in my account. Get this resolved quickly.
Can I cancel a transfer if is already processed?
Can I get a real card?
Hello! I recently made a purchase and I'm needing to cancel my order and process a refund as soon as possible.
Supported countries
where is this money from
I would like to change to a different currency.
I see a direct debit that I didn't authorize
Do my kids have to be a certain age to use this service?
My identity can't be verified.
How do I know which ATMs will accept this card?
Why do I have to give you my drivers license
What should I do if I think that someone else may be using my card.
I went to look at my top-up and it was canceled, can you tell me why this happend?
Please provide me with the restrictions of the disposable cards.
Hello, I am facing the issue with my new card as payments are declining again and again. Please help me in this issue.
I don't recognize a charge on my statement.
The ATM stole my card!
Why do I see extra charges for withdrawing my money?
I received my new card.  Where is it in the app?
The app rejected my top up
Why is there a direct debit set up in my name?
Will I be charged for topping up by transfer?
I changed the currency, but why is it costing more?
Is there a way to link the card i just got?
Can i cancel a charge?
Your top-up function isn't working, it still says pending even though I know my card works.
It is impossible to verify my identity
How do I change my card PIN?
My card payment was not successful.
I am unable to use my card for some reason.
Why can't I top up?
Hi, I have done a topup, but my money was reverted. Please look into this issue.
How do I know when my card will expire?
It looks like my top-up was cancelled
My card hasn't shown up yet.
Can I use my card at any ATMs?
I live in the EU.  Can I order one of your cards?
How do I check my security settings to allow contactless pay?
I see in the app some cash was withdrawn, but it's not mine.
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
I noticed that there was an extra charge fee on my account. Could You explain to me why?
Do I need to go to an office to change my pin?
I would like to activate my card what do I need to do?
Can I get a refund?
What is the process for using my credit card to transfer money?
I require verification of my source of funds.
I'd like to get a refund for something I bought, is that possible?
Can I have a third card?
Can I get a physical card
Can i top up by card?
If I exchange currencies frequently, is there a discount?
Why was I declined from getting cash?
Do you know if I can use this for my salary?
I seem to have a problem here, I bought something about a 2 weeks ago and just now received the payment back into my account and I've already received the item. Can you tell me what is going on here?
What if my top up didn't work?
What happened to the cash that I tried to deposit into my account? It's gone!
The exchange rate given to me after a purchase, was incorrect
Where is my transfer from [country]?
Why hasn't my friend received the transaction?
It's been more than a week since I had a return charged to my card, why hasn't it showed up?
Why can't I use my card?
What are the fees associated with top up via transfer?
I just took some cash out of a cash machine in Heathrow airport because I wanted to buy some new sunglasses for my holiday but you've added a fee to the withdrawal, what is this?
Card activation steps
I want to withdraw money, where can I go?
I received my new card, but I don't see it in the app anywhere.  What do I do?
my payment was rejected, do you know why?
How do I top up on my card?
What are the various currencies and cards that you offer support for?
What age do my kids need to be to use your service?
Can I pick a new PIN?
Why have my top ups been canceled?
I'm interested in using fiat currencies, which do you support?
how come my transfer didn't work
I want information about the source of funds.
Can you tell me how do I get a card?
where do i go to transfer money from one account to this one
How can I fix my card if the contactless function didn't work this morning?
Please delete this account.
In the App I see a payment that is not mine.
I think I was wrongly charged in a recent transaction when I used my card.
I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you if that's possible.
Can you please advise if there is something wrong with my card? I have had multiple rejections and do not know the reason. Thanks!
I ordered a card but it has not arrived. Help please!
About two days ago now, I made a transfer from France but it hasn't arrived yet. Is it possible that the international transfer just takes longer?
I made a payment that is not yet complete.
I just checked and my payment was cancelled, why?
I live in the US, how long will it take for delivery?
i withdraw cash from the ATM and was charged a fee
The app said I withdrew cash at an ATM and I didn't
My top-up was cancelled; will I receive a refund?
Make me understand why I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM.
Where can I find the top up verification code?
There is a charge for 1£ on my statement.  I do not think that I bought anything that costed 1£.  What is going on?
Is there a way to track the new card you sent me?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up! I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
I set up a payment to a new payee and sent some money but the person I'm sending it to has not received it.  Can you check where the money is?
I think my phone was stolen. What can I do?
I couldn't get money from the ATM
I used an ATM and there was an extra charge.
Seems like my top-up has failed
My card is due to expire soon.
I believe my card payment exchange rate is incorrect.
When will I see the cash I deposited this morning as available?
Do you accept cheques for top-up?
How do i change my identity?
I am having issues using contactless payments, could my card be damaged?
I need my funds verified.
I just activated auto top-up, but it is not letting me enable it. Why not?
Can you look into my top up please.  I made it over three hours ago and yet it's still pending.
What is the cause that the transfer shows as pending?
My transfer failed to process correctly. Is there a reason this would happen?
Why has my card been charged an extra pound?
I am seeing a weird payment showing up that I know I did not make, how can I get it cancelled?
I am travelling and I was wondering what your exchange rates are
Hi something is going on with the app.  I see some payments I didn't make?
My friends want to top up my account
Where do I find my code to verify my top-up card?
need to know where money comes from
When will the transfer be completed?
Can i make transactions before identity verification?
I would like to change my card PIN.
Please tell me the limit to topping-up.
How can I exchange USD and GBP in the app?
Why hasn't my transaction arrived?
I think the exchange rate on my card payment is incorrect.
Is there a way to change my PIN without having to go to the bank?
What flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
Someone else accessed my account and made a payment.
What is the fastest that I can make a transfer?
How long does it take for a card to arrive?
Why isn't my top up showing?  Was the money reversed?
My virtual card isn't working. What do I do?
I want to cancel my card. I think someone else is using it.
Even though I made a cash deposit, I am not seeing it in my account.
Where can I deposit cash to top up?
details need to be modified
There is a top up that has been pending for an hour and I don't know why.  I was expecting it immediately and need it now!
Should I keep waiting for my card to be delivered?
What proof do you need for my identification?
My top-up was cancelled and I am writing to ask if I need to complete the 3D Secure authentication section before I submit it.
I have a payment that hasn't went through yet.
My top up is pending.
Can I exchange between GBP and USD on the app?
someone stole my money
I need Australian dollars instead of UK currency.
I would like to order a disposable virtual card. How can I do this?
Hi, I tried topping up for the first time today (I'm a new customer), and the transaction has shown as pending for the last half an hour. Can you fix it?
The amount of money I pushed at the atm machine did not come out of the machine.
Can I link your physical card
Why is there a random payment in my statement?
How long will it take for my top up to work? It's still pending
I didn't set up the direct debit I have
Where can I located the auto-top up option?
The app reverted my recent payment
Please help me delete this account.
Are there any discounts in exchanging currencies frequently?
What should I do after I've moved and need to update my personal details?
I just initiated a transfer but I'd like to cancel it.
do i have to setup apple pay to use it
Can I let other people have access to my account in order to top up?
How do I claim a refund?
Am I able to top up with Apple Pay?
I would like to transfer money from my other bank account into this one.
What is identity check?
How can I order virtual cards?
I need to move money to another beneficiary. Why is it not working?
My payment is taking a long time to go through.
Your company is lame. Shut down all my account services right now.
I was wondering if I could get a second card on this account? I would like my daughter to have one.
I want to change my pin number from an ATM. Is this possible?
How much am I allowed to top-up?
Is the top up feature available on the Apple Watch?
I signed up, but don't have a PIN. Where can I find it?
Can you explain where I can find the auto-top option?
what is the matter?
Can you unblock my pin after too many wrong pin attempts?
What is the dollar that I have pending on my statement there?
Where is this card accepted?
My card payment was reverted
I want to choose a different PIN.
I'm on holiday and I noticed a different amount for exchange rate.  Can you explain?
Can I reset my PIN?
Some cash shows up on my app.
I got less cash than the one I specified in the ATM
I am having some difficulty verifying my id.
Can I put my old card back in the app?
I need a new card to replace an expired one. Will it cost anything, and how soon?
The exchange rate was messed up from the ATM
Is there a way I can get my ATM card back from the machine?
Do you accept checks?
What do I do if my smart phone was stolen?
I have a strange payment in my statement
How come there is a duplicate charge on my card?
I was trying to top-up and my credit card was declined. Can you tell me why?
I have an odd payment in my statement
Hold old do my kids have to be to use the service?
I have found my lost or stolen card. Is there a way I can link the card with my account through my app again?
Where would I find top up by cash deposit?
What happened to my cash deposit?
My card is expiring so how fast can I get a new one and how much will it be?
I usually don't get charged for transfers, why was I this month?
After reviewing my charges, I see I was charged a fee for a transfer I did, why?
I got a extra €1 fee in my statement
My card got lost.
Salary in GBP has been received, does it need to be configured elsewhere?
I tried topping up but my funds seem to be pending. I want to buy something right now, what do I do?
How long does it take to transfer from china? Is there a way to transfer it quickly, I need it urgently?
Tell me what ATMs take this card.
What can I use a virtual disposable card for?
Is there a disposable virtual card option?
This company sucks! Can you terminate my account?
How do I get my top-up verification code?
The app can't verify my information for identity proofing purposes.
Can I apply for one of your cards if I live in the EU?
What cards and currencies can I use?
Why isn't my top up showing on my wallet?
How do I use the top up app with my apple watch?
I'm suddenly getting an error while attempting a transfer that it isn't possible. Why? I've done it before.
I can't get a contactless payment to work.
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there, what is happening?
There's a possibility that my card was compromised.
My top up has been pending for an hour already, and I really need this to go through as soon as possible.  Can you help?
Does it cost anything to buy something from another country? Like is there going to be hidden transfer fees or currency conversion fees?
I cannot make transactions with my virtual card.
So what items  actually come  with  extra  fees
I was refunded the money for something I bought already.
Is there a cash withdrawal fee? Because I just got charged?
I have double-checked all of my recipient details but for some reason all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have no clue as to why.
I transferred my funds, why did it not go through?
Will I get a visa or Mastercard?
My beneficiary is not allowed?  Why?
My exchange rate was wrong for an Item I bought!
Can you tell me why my top-up was canceled?
I do not want a VISA card.
Can I set my own top-up limit?
Is there a reason my cash withdrawal was declined?
The app is showing a payment I never made.
The cheque I sent a few days ago has not been deposited yet, what is the hold up?
Has there been any activity on my card today?
If I found an error in my account for a transaction I didn't make, how long to I have to dispute it?
What fee will be charged for exchanges?
Could I get tracking on the card?
I didn't get my card back from the ATM.
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiery?
I am missing some funds from my account - I tried to transfer them using my credit card number, and it disappeared.
Hi, I made a transfer yesterday that I need to reverse.  I need to put the money in a different account.
What countries will my card be supported in?
I only made one transaction at this place, but it's appearing multiple times.
When topping up by transfer, will I be charged?
Please tell me what this direct debit in my statement is
How can I top up using google pay?
Can I get a copy of the card by email?
What countries are you issuing cards for?
I tried to transfer money to a receiver and they didn't get the right amount. What is going on and who do I contact to help me?
My card payment had the wrong exchange rate
I can't find any option to top up with a cheque?
They said I would get a refund but I don't see it on my statement.
Anytime I've made an ATM withdrawal before it has always been free. I now say that I have been charged for my most recent ATM withdrawal. What's going on here?
I'm still waiting on my new card to be delivered!
Why am I not allowed to transfer money to my cryptocurrency exchange?
Can you please check if I was charged twice?
How old do my kids have to be use this?
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I need some help.
Where in the app do I go to verify my identity?
I have lost my phone, what steps can I take to prevent someone using my account?
I had the wrong exchange rate applied to some cash I got abroad.
What ATMs will allow me to change my PIN?
How long does a transfer stay pending?
Please tell me where I can update my details since I moved.
Where do I go to order my card?
Why am I being charged twice fro a restaurant?
I just lost my wallet and I think someone is using my card to withdraw my money. Can you please cancel or freeze my card?!!
When will my account receive the money?
what is going on, i have entered my passcode and its not working
I can't activate my card?
Where can I use this card at an ATM?
I need to change my home address.
Can you tell me the cost of a transfer?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
Are physical card available?
Why can't I withdraw cash?
How long do I have  to wait for my transaction to be completed?
Why is my transfer not showing
Will the system automatically update once there is no more money left?
I need someone to alert me as to what's going on. I had transferred an amount but the receiver is saying that the amount is somewhat less than what I sent over. I now have to make another transfer to make up the difference.
In which stores can I shop with this card?
Why hasn't my refund been appiled to my account?
I transferred some money but the balance stayed the same.
Could you tell me about the restrictions that are on the disposable cards?
What forms of payment do you accept?
I do not recognize a direct debit payment that I see on my app
Please help me, there is a transaction in the incorrect account.
I do not think the pop up went through yet.
Do I have to do an identity check?
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
Can I tell what business will take this card?
What is this extra fee that I got when I used my card to pay?
I have a pending transfer
I am not recognizing a debit payment from my account.
Which countries are you in?
What is not accepted in order for me to top up my account?
Am I allowed to get an account for my daughter?
How can I get money in my home currency while I'm traveling internationally? I wanted to take it out of a local ATM but am worried that I will get charged extra fees.
The ATM didn't give me the full requested amount
I must verify the source of my funds
I want to order a card. Where do you deliver to?
I Withdrew cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I received the cash already?
If I want to send out more cards, do you charge extra for that?
I must make a transfer from China and it is urgent. How long before the transfer is complete?
I put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help me unblock it?
Why won't you accept my payment? I keep trying with this card and it's not working.
Where do I go to add a new card?
I am worried about fees for top up cards?
What is the reason a transfer shows as pending?
I have been charged an extra pound!
Whats the transfer process
Are there any fees if I use a European bank card for a top up?
Can you please explain why my transfer failed?
how come the verification with the top up
Can I reactivate my PIN?
I am trying to revert a transcation I did this morning
I have been charged with a fee for paying with my card.
There is an urgent transfer I need to make from China.  How long will it take to get it processed?
Can you explain why my transfer was unsuccessful?
Where do I find my PIN for my new card?
There is unusual activity on my account and I believe someone took my card.
How do I deposit my paycheck to this account?
Is there a way to lookup where funds came from?
How do I top up my card?
A payment shows up on the app that I never made.
I was declined when I tried to withdraw cash!
Will you charge me for topping up with a European card?
I did not receive my purchase, how do I cancel it?
What is the reason that my card payment was cancelled?
Will this app exchange currencies?
Why did I get charged one pound seemingly randomly?
How much am I charged for a SEPA transfer?
Help! I'm missing money, I deposited a cheque but its not showing on my balance.
what currencies can i exchange between on your app?
Please help me set up a new PIN.
I am not able to make a purchase because there is an issue with my card
Can I use your services without access to the app?
I need to change my PIN. Can I do that at a cash machine?
How can I put more money into my account?
My card payments have stopped.
I made a payment with my card and it hasn't changed. How long do you think this will take?
What is the fee for a foreign currency exchange?
I cannot prove my own identity.
How do I report my card stolen?
can i add funds  with a card from the united states
Help! I think someone has a copy of my card - I still have my card, but a five hundred pound cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account.
I haven't received my cash yet.
How do you do currency exchanges?
I was charged twice, when I didn't purchase anything twice.
I've tried many times to make a payment, but it's not going through.  What's wrong?
Is there an allowance on cards?
The card can be used at which ATMs?
I still want to use my account but haven't verified is that OK?
I don't have a way to prove my identity.
What is the procedure for activating this card?
Why did you charge me for a cash withdrawal?
The ATM charged me an extra fee, Why?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been charged though...
Can I receive money in a different countries money?
Fees for currency exchange
Is there a longer processing time for international bank transfers?
My currency rate is inaccurate.
How are you determining your exchange rates?
What do you need for my identity check?
Was I charged extra for using my card?
I'm concerned about a payment that has recently been made on my card.  I do not recognize the name that the transaction went to, can you help me?
The top-up did not go through.
how do I speed up identity verification?
Why did my money disappear when I topped up??
Can I add money to my card automatically during a trip?
Please explain to me the circumstances in which my card payment would be reverted?
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please help me with this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
I received my Virtual card information, but was unable to use it to make a purchase. Why did this happen and what can I do?
Is it possible to get one the your cards in the EU?
There seems to be a couple of payments listed in the app I know weren't made by me. Is there a possibility someone has access to my card? Can you find out what's going on?
How long do deposits take to appear? I've been waiting for more than a week and need the money!
This transfer incurred a fee that I don't think is right.
Why am I being charged a fee for using my card? If there is some print out of places that charge me can you please send me that?
Is there a fee for a SEPA transfer
My refund is still pending
I am still waiting for the cash to be returned from a cheque I deposited!
How do I check security settings using the app?
still waiting on my new card
What are then rules on beneficiaries?
I sent a payment but it isn't showing up in the app
Why wasn't my payment accepted by the app
It's not letting me transfer money to my beneficiery.
I've just come back from an eating holiday in the USA and Canada and have SO many pending and duplicated transactions on my account.  I think there is something wrong, can you look in to it please?
How old do I need to be to open an account?
Why hasn't my balance been updated? I've deposited a few cheques some days ago!
Why is  my balance not updated?
Why was my payment declined? I keep trying my card but it's not working.
Cancel Transaction
How do I troubleshoot when contactless doesn't work?
How do I report a stolen card?
why do i have a failed transfer
I want a disposable virtual card, how do I do that?
I withdrew cash and I think the exchange rate is wrong.
stolen phone, what should i do
I was charged several times for something
Google Pay isn't working. What is wrong?
WHAT IS THE ATMOSPHERE OF IT
What all currencies can be exchanged?
When I made a transfer I was charged extra.
How long will it take to arrive?
If I have more than one disposable card, can I make five payments on each of them?
What documents do I need to validate my identity?
How can i get a refund for something i just bought?
What type of card can I use to top up?
Need to deposit a cheque into my account
I don't have a virtual card - how do I get one?
Why do you charge for payments? Why aren't your charges clearly laid out in the agreement?
How are currencies exchanged?
What do I need to do to transfer my paycheck to my account?
How long does it take to prove my identity?
What is the cost and time frame of getting a new card?
Hi, Could you please help me as someone has stolen my wallet few hours ago. And a withdrawal is made, please help immediately. As i don't want to suffer more.
How do I access the option to top up?
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank branch?
i have tried everything to complete a transfer but can't, what should i do next
I would like to dispute a direct debit transaction
My transfer appeared not to work.
Do I need to convert my currency from GBP before transferring?
What do I do if I can't prove my identity?
How can receive a physical card
Explain the extra ATM fees.
I exchanged Russian rubles for British pounds today and got less than I expected. Was exchange rate correct?
There is a card payment that I'm not recognizing.
Where can i find my top-up verification code?
How can i check if my card is working?
I just got my card.  It's not linked yet--how do I do that?
My card was confiscated by an ATM. How do I get my card back?
I was out today looking forward to paying with my brand new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is pretty sad, what's going on?
Are there any places that I can't use the disposable cards at?
Why won't my virtual card work?
Can you tell me why I was declined from getting cash?
Where is the tracking number for the card you sent me?
If my salary is in GBP, do I need to do something?
Any extra charges for exchanging currencies?
What are the limits to where my card will be accepted?
How long will my most recent transfer take to go through? The recipient needs the money urgently.
Help me figure out how to link the new card.
How can I verify my top up?
Why is my app showing me taking money that I did not take out?
I am confused about your fee structure and was disappointed to see a fee for my transfer.
Why was I not able to complete my transfer?
Can you tell me where to go to get a disposable virtual card?
We need both a visa and a Mastercard.
How do a reverse a duplicated charge?
I've been waiting longer than expected for my card.
WHERE IS MY MONEY I WAS USING MY CARD AND IT DISAPPEARED
Are bank transfers immediate?
There is a payment that I was charged two times for.
What locations can I top up with cash?
I was just needing to know why my card got declined
How many active transactions can I make with a disposable card?
I couldn't make a transfer to a beneficiary!
How can I activate the new card i got?
My top-up was revoked.
Is there a reason my refund isn't showing on my statement?
Is there any limit to the amount I can add to a card at a time?
What is the youngest age in order to have an account?
Are there limits on auto top-up?
What happens if the ATM doesn't give the right amount of money?
i tried to transfer cryptocurrency into my account but was denied
I wanted to know why there is a transfer of mine pending.
I just noticed that I supposedly made a payment to a seller a while back. The problem is, I don't recognize the seller. There must be a way to see who it is or track the payment. Can you do that, because I don't remember this transaction?
How do I link a new payment card?
How can I tell if my card payment is reverted?
Can I receive payments in another currency?
How do my friends top up my account
I just topped up, and the app denied it.
Do you limit my top-ups?
What fees are there for adding money using an international card
Is it possible to get a card when i'm not in the UK?
I desperately need to change my PIN, but I'm overseas on vacation right now. How can I do this?
If I order a card when does it arrive?
I attempted to deposit a cheque yesterday but the balance isn't showing today. Is it still pending?
What is accepted in regards to cards and currencies?
On a card top-up, where can I verify?
I bought something that I need a refund for.
What is the Top up rate charge for using a card in the US?
I am looking to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
Would you please unblock my pin? I don't know why, but it's blocked.
How do I link a new card to an existing one?
Why doesn't my balance reflect my transfer
I need to be made aware when I am being charged an extra amount for payments please. I looked over the app earlier and noticed an additional feel related to one of the payments. I was not warned about this before.
Please help.  There is a payment in the app that isn't mine.
What is the highest amount of top ups I'm allowed?
Please delete the duplicate payment that was made to my account. One payment is still pending and I do not want to pay twice.
Why is it taking so long for a transfer to complete!
How do i secure a top-up card?
I want to order another crad
I do not feel comfortable verifying my identity.
I have a new card and need to activate it
I need assistance with activating my new card.
Has my top up gone through?
What businesses accept this card?
I tired to move my money, but my transfer was declined.
Why is top up not working for my apple pay app
Will I need to order a new card since mine expires next month?
Can I auto top if I'm low on funds?
want to know how to get virtual card
Why does it show that my transfer is still pending?
what is the disposable cards limit?
Why does my transaction have an added fee?
why is a transfer to beneficiary not possible?
Is there any documentation needed for the identity check?
I have made 5 attempts to make a very standard survey, yet I can't get it to work. What is the problem? Is there an issue related to your system?
How come there is an extra fee on my statement?
If I lost my phone, how can I stop someone from accessing my account through the app?
My PIN was entered wrong and now I am blocked.  Please unblock.
The app reverted what I topped up.
Have you started charging for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free until I noticed this fee. How much is the fee?
I need my card right away.
My app says that I received cash from an ATM and I didn't.
My card is expiring soon, How do I order a new card?
Can I use a check to get gas?
Do I need to pay more for exchanging currencies?
How do I verify the top-up card?
What all am I required to show for the identity check?
Transferring money using credit card
I just got married and need to change my name on the account
What ATMs is the card okay to use at?
The app isn't showing my transactions
Can you send me a new card and block my current one. I'm in Spain and my wallet was stolen.
I couldn't transfer money to my bank, why not?
Why am I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
Why is my cash withdrawal still showing as pending?
I tried to transfer some money and it hasn't done it yet - what's going on?
Please assist me with activation.
I just saw a charge for a cash withdrawal that I made! ATM withdrawals have always been free in the past, so why is there suddenly a charge? What is it going to cost me now?
Is there a fee for extra cards?
My card won't physically work.
How long will it take for my transfer to arrive?
What can I do if contactless doesn't work?
I want to open an account for my children
Why can't I take money from my account?
I have tried using my card for the first time at the ATM of Notting Hill to withdrawal cash but it didn't work. Does this mean my card isn't working?
How can I add money automatically?
There is a pending transaction on my account, what does this mean?
Is there a reason why my card was declined when I attempted to withdraw money?
I've lost my card. What can I do about that?
How do I protect my phone from someone using it after I lost it.
I make payments for my place abroad using this account and since i use it so frequently I was wondering why did the fees increase suddenly rather than decreasing? I would think customers like me should receive incentives for using your service
I have exceeded all my PIN tries
Heyy I tried to top up with my card today but it failed! I just got the couple days before but it has worked last time. What's going on, can you double check please?
i need to top up by card.
Can I transfer using SWIFT?
Which cards are accepted for topping up?
My card payment wasn't accepted.
Can my teenager have an account?
What do I do if I've been charged twice for the same transaction?
Transfer declined.
I transferred money from the US, How long does it take?
I didn't set up a direct debit payment on my account.
Why is there a fee for doing a transfer?
Can I top up with a cheque?
I can not find my card pin.
Using an ATM caused me to incur an additional fee. Why?
When should I expect to see my transfer hit my account?
Do I need to make a regular payment before a contactless one?
Can i receive transfers from my employer to this account?
Can I find the origination of my funds?
Can I exchange currencies with the app?
How long does it actually take my card payment to make it to the account? I've made a payment a couple of days ago but it hasn't moved since.
Can I use my apple watch to top up?
How is an exchange rate calculated?
I am inquiring about a $1 charge on my statement.
I received the wrong color and size, can I return it?
I'm trying to use my Apple Watch to top up my google pay. Do I need a special app?
What ATMs take this card?
Is a SWIFT transfer okay?
Can I top-up automatically?
I just lost my wallet and I see that they are already withdrawing money from my account. How can I stop this?
Please tell me which fiat currencies you support.
2 weeks ago I ordered my new card.  It isn't here.  What should I do?
I went to the store and tried to make a purchase.  The first time, it was declined, but the second one went through.  But my App shows me that I've already been charged once and the second charge is still pending.  Can you make sure that I'm not charged twice?
How do I get unblocked?
What is your opinion on the exchange rate?
Can I get an item refunded?
I recently deposited some money into my account, but it still isn't showing up. What's going on?
I would like to close my account.
What card types can I choose from?
My account balance has not updated to reflect my recent transfer.
I took out a foreign currency and the exchange rate is wrong.
lost card found, want to put it back in app
Help me verify the card used on a top-up.
If I make a top-up are there charges applied?
My balance doesn't include my latest transfer
I only have one other credit card from the US. Do you accept that?
I'm not able to withdraw money from the ATM but I'm not sure why.
The check I deposited yesterday isn't listed yet.  Isn't that pretty slow?  I need to see the balance increased by that check.
what is the identity check?
My phone was stolen yesterday.  What should I do?
How do I open an account for my children?
How many tries do I have to enter my pin before I'm blocked?
I was supposed to get a purchase refunded but I don't see the money in my account
I have a canceled top-up and wanted to know about it.
Is there a list of where I can use my card?
Can I use American express with apple pay? Why does it make my top up not work?
I'm not sure what to do about the PIN, because I don't have one yet.
Can I make sure my card is delivered on a specific day?
Hi,I tried to get some money out but the machine was not working .The transaction still seems in progress! Can you please check what's going on.I don't want to be charged for money that I did not received.
Why is my transfer pending when I already made it?
I anticipate getting a Visa card
I tried making an update to my balance using cheque just yesterday but it doesn't appear to have worked. Should this not be a faster process? I need you to please check over my account because something has went wrong.
How do I make a currency exchange?
Where is the PIN for my card located?
I would like to create a disposable virtual card. How do I go about doing that?
Why did I only receive a partial amount of what I tried to withdraw?
Are there specific ATM's that I can draw money from?
I've been waiting for a refund where is it?
What is the procedure for an expired card?
Can I use this card at any ATM?
Can I use my Apple Watch to pay for gas?
Is there a verification code for the top-up card?
How can I transfer money to a beneficiary?
My transfer hasn't arrived
Where do I pay with my debit or credit card?
How do your exchange rates work?
My account is showing a double charge.
Why is there a charge for $1 on my account?
the exchange rate was different than expected
I got charged twice with a duplicate card. How do I resolve this?
How do I check security settings on my card?
How long should my new card take to arrive?
How long does it take to make an urgent transfer from China?
I could not get my transfer to happen correctly and was wondering why?
What do I have to do to activate my card?
May I have another card?
I travel a lot, can I get a bulk currency exchange discount?
Why did my card get charged twice for a transaction?
Please, how do I order a card?
Can I have it delivered on a specific date?
Why would I be charged a fee for card payment?
I was charged the wrong exchange rate on a purchase
Get an item refund
Top up keeps failing
I have enough money in my account, so why is my card being declined?
When can I expect delivery?
The payment on my card shows as pending.
I want to get a Visa card
is it possible to top-up with google pay.
Where can I use my Mastercard?
How much does each transfer cost?
The app isn't letting me log in, but my info is correct.
Why didn't I receive the right amount of cash?
Why am I charged an extra fee on my card?
How do I link my card in the app.
Where is my deposit?
Why do I need to have my identity verified?
Can you tell me how to tell where my funds come from?
Been trying to transfer money this morning but keep getting rejected. I don't understand why this is happening.
Why is my deposit still pending?
I have withdrawn cash from ATM but i received the wrong amount. I want cash back as in app its showing actual amount which i got. Please help me in this.
did not receive correct cash upon withdrawal
How are cash withdrawals pending?
Why is my transfer not done yet?
Why was I charged extra on my last UK pound to Russian ruble exchange?
I can not seem to make a successful transfer, can you tell me what I'm doing wrong?
What stores will take my credit card as payment?
Why cant I transfer to my account?
If I don't have much money in the account can I auto top-up?
for god sake, just delete my account i am sick of this
My card payment is showing up as pending for a very long time, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
I sent money to my family last Friday but they don't have it.
I need immediate assistance in canceling a transfer which was a mistake. Please help me quickly so this does not go through.
Hey there's a fee for a transfer on my account.  Why?!
What places will accept my card?
HOW LONG THE CARD VALIDITY
Why is it important to verify a top-up card?
How long do I wait for my PIN
How much is it to buy another card? I was hoping to buy another one.
Please tell me why the same transaction is showing up on my account more than once.
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
How long do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
Please send my refund now.
Can you tell me what i steps i should take since my card was stolen?
Can you please explain why my beneficiary is not allowed?
What do I do to Top up my card?
Is there a topping up limit?
Why can't I see the top up I made?
What is needed to prove my identity?
Hi,  My money has not been credited to my account for which i have sent you cheque few days before. I am worried about the money please let me know the status.
i cannot find my card PIN
If I want to select a new PIN what do I do?
I removed cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
Why is my friend not getting a transaction arrival yet?
There's a problem - I bought something about a week or two ago but just today the payment somehow came back into my account! I already received the item though, what's going on here?
I could not get the cash I wanted
What is the extra fee that was added when I used the card?
Where can I find out the fee structure for my account? I have been charged fees for some transactions, but not for other ones. I can't find a pattern in these fees.
I really want a physical card. How do I get one?
There is a payment done with my card which i definitely did not do.Never seen that name before.
I attemped a transfer and it didn't go through.
Where is my last money transaction
What US cards do you accept?  I only have 1 other.
Why was my request for cash declined?
what are the reasons I have to proof my identity to you?
I need some help linking my new card.
Where did my money go? I'm not able to withdraw it from my ATM.
I have a top up that didn't go through.  Why?
What currencies or cards do you support for topping up?
Where am I able to use the card?
What ATMs can I use this card at?
What countries are getting support?
I am not satisfied with your company and wish to delete all accounts immediately.
is the a reason why my transfer has failed?
How do you verify an identity?
Is there a charge for topping up by card?
Why hasn't my card payment cleared yet?
How can I dispute a debit transaction?
How will I know when I can use the auto top-up feature?
Oh my goodness, my card has been declined twice at ATM! I tried two different ATM, but each one declined my card! Can you tell me what's going on with my account?
My source of funds require verification.
Is there such thing as top up by cheque?
How do I reset a forgotten passcode, please?
I do not wish to verify my identity.
There is a pending payment on my account that is very strange. I don't remember making this and it won't go away. Can you help me figure this out?
I think I am a victim of fraud.  I noticed there was a charge on my account that I didn't do because I haven't touched my card today.  Can you please reverse the charge and refund my money?
A transaction is showing more than once.
How can I get my card out of the ATM?
Why did the ATM give me less money than what I requested?
I am locked out from entering my pin.
can i get a description of how to use a disposable virtual card
Why do you need to perform identity verification?
How long do bank transfers usually take?
I moved, can I edit my personal details?
Do you accept all cards and currencies?
How does someone else top up my account
I think that my card has been stolen!
I refuse to verify my identity.
My card won't let me withdraw money.
I just topped off my card will I be charged for it?
This is not right, I was told I could take out cash at the ATM for free?
I think when I withdrew money when out of country the exchange rate was wrong.
Help! In the app there is a payment that I don't remember.
Which currencies will you exchange?
I have an unusual payment in my statement
How old do you have to be to get an account?
Why did I get charged when getting cash?
Why didnt my top up go through
I would like to get an account for my child.
Where do I order my card?
Is it really necessary to verify my Identity?
Can you tell me how to get my card on the app?
There is a direct debit transaction that I did not authorize
my card payment has been declined, do you know why?
What countries are you supporting?
Hello - I'm on the app and trying to purchase crypto. It's not going through. What am I doing wrong?
What is the reason for this fee I got after a simple cash withdrawal?
So earlier I went to an ATM and got cash. But when I checked the app, it states that the withdrawal is pending. How can that be when I have the cash on me?
How do I order my card?
my pin hasn't arrived in the post! How do I cancel it or get a new one?
What is the tracking number for the card you sent?
Where do I go to verify my identity?
I got a message that my transfer is not possible.  What is happening?  I need this to go through please.
My card was denied at an ATM earlier today but the transaction is pending. Please cancel it as I did not receive my money.
I got the incorrect amount of money given to me from my account
I cannot find my credit card.
How can I cancel a transfer I made
The ATM isn't giving out any money.
I bought something abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
Where is the transfer to my account?
Do I have to pay for a physical card?
I don't have my access code for the app.
I tried to transfer money and it did not work.
I didnt get the correct exchange rate for getting cash
my identity hasn't been verified and i can't edit my details, what's next
I don't think I made this transaction on my statement
What is the fee charged for using my card?
How do I go about getting hold of a virtual card?
Are you located in other countries?
I can't figure out how to change GBP to AUD, what do I do?
Explain pending transactions.
if i found a lost card can i put it back in app
Editing my personal details
For the identity verification, what do you need?
How can I find the source for my available funds and money?
Are you available in my country?
I need to know when a payment will actually go through. I completed a payment using my card but it is just showing as pending at this point and it has been a while ago.
The exchange rate you are using is really bad. This can't possibly be the official interbank exchange rate.
I need more physical cards than I have right now!
Can I top up?
I need help verifying my identity.
How long does a transfer take from the point it's sent, to the point it arrives in my account?
I tried to get some with-drawls but the machine didn't work. The transaction still seems in progress.Seems like  something is wrong,I don't want to be charged for Transaction i did not make.
Where can I use my card?
How come I can't put money in my top up account?
I see my top-up was canceled, but why?
Why hasn't my friend received the money i sent them yet?
Why do you need verification for my identity?
Why was my payment cancelled?
I had transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed.
What are the countries that you operate in?
I am not happy with your company. Please delete my account asap.
I am in desperate need to transfer funds from another account that i have into this one, how do i do that?
How do I change my address?
I completed I transfer the day before yesterday in this country. The transfer still is not complete. I've checked on the account number multiple times to make sure that it is the right one. Can you check to see what's going on with this?
Machines make mistakes too! The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money. Too much!
How do I top up?
It wants me to verify the top up. Why?
Why isn't my money from a check deposit showing?
What do I need to do to request cash back? The ATM actually just gave me the wrong amount. The app I actually chose the right amount.
Can you please refund my item?
I did what you told me earlier and contacted the seller for a refund directly, but nothing is happening! It's been a week and I still haven't got anything. Please just give me back my money
I was recently charged for withdrawing money from my bank ATM. How can that be possible when I haven't been charged for using it before?
Why hasn't my money transfer shown up yet?
Is there a problem with receiving my salary in GBP?
I think there was an error in your exchange rate.
How do I exchange currencies using the app?
How long do I have to wait for the transfer to be finalized?
How to receive virtual card?
Why is there more then one charge on my card I only paid for one not twice how can I fix this?
WHAT IS THE REASON FOR THAT
How can I get a physical card
Is there a way to use this app with a disposable virtual card?
Why is there a fee on my money transfer?
My card payment is showing pending.
I'm trying to activate the auto-top up function. Where is it?
What are the auto top-up policies?
Whats the maximum number of disposable cards that I can get?
I no longer have my passcode.
how do i add money with my apple watch
When I purchased a product in another country the currency exchange was incorrect.
is there a way to do top up with apple pay
My card will expire soon, do I need to order a new one?
Can you tell me how I would go about learning where my funds came from?
Can you do exchanges of EUR?
There were a couple of payments that I have noticed on my account with my card that I didn't make. Is it possible that somebody else has my card information?
I'm not in the UK, can I get a card?
Can you explain why my payment was charged a fee?
I don't know where the top-up verification code is.
I tried verifying my ID, but it won't let me.
I have a payment that is still pending
why does my statement contain an extra fee?
Am I getting charged for making a payment?
What happens if a merchant doesn't accept a payment?
Where do I find the auto top- up?
Why am I being charged for transferring money?
I tried to use my card to top up but all of the money has disappeared.
I think I lost my phone.  Is there a way to prevent anyone from getting into my account on it?
How do I revert a transaction?
Hello-Can you please help me get a refund from this merchant?  I ordered a product and would like to return it. I have been unsuccessful in getting the merchant to return my request for the past several days.  I understand it can take up to 45 days to process the dispute and issue a refund, however, if this can be expedited faster it would be very helpful to me.
Why did my exchange rate change?
Can my 19 year old daughter open a savings account at the bank?
I think there may be something wrong with my card. I have never had issues with withdraws before, but this morning on the way to work it was suddenly declined.
I would like to terminate my account.
what is the word?
I bought something this morning and the payment is still pending
I have been travelling overseas and I need to change my PIN. Can you tell me how this is done?
Why is my exchange rate wrong?
Is there any nearby ATM's?
Do you need my birthdate?
What was the $1 charge for on my statement?
I tried to access money earlier but the machine seems not to be working. After looking, the transaction actually shows to still being process. Can you find out what is going on here? I don't want to be charged for some money I never got.
I might need to exchange between USD and GBP, is this possible with your app?
I requested a refund from Next because the dress I purchased had three arm holes. They said they sent the refund last Wednesday which is nearly a week ago and I still don't have it.  Why not?
My identity verification didn't work
There are some charges that I don't recognize.  It happened days ago.  Can I get these charges back?  Should I cancel my card?
I was informed that transfers were free. I noticed I have a fee but why?
Am I able to get this shipped to China?
How do I add my card to the app once I get it?
I think my top up is still pending?
I would like to move money from one account to another to top off my account. Can you explain how I can do that?
I don't live in the UK.  Can I still get a card?
It says the transfer wasn't accepted.
I'm trying to move money from my account to elsewhere, but it's giving me an error message.
Do cash machines let me change my pin?
Hi, status of one of my card payment is still pending from a while. Please let e know how much time it will take to complete.
I have forgotten my password.
I am having difficulties to verify my identity.
Can I exchange currency to Europe?
How can I change to another currency?
I changed my mind on something I purchased through you and I need the transaction canceled and a refund as soon as possible. Can you help me please?
i would like to top up with check
I'm interested in learning more about product refunds.
What does it mean if my payment was reverted?
Can I keep using my card after it expires?
I thought I was going to get a virtual card but I haven't received it yet, how can we resolve this?
The ATM won't give me my card back. I need it back now!
Is there anyway to bypass identity verification?
If I order a new card, how much will it be and how long will it take me to get it?
I haven't gotten my credit card in the mail.
Hi - I have made a transaction to my new landlord but unfortunately it shows on my end but not on the landlord's end. The numbers are correct. Can you confirm when that will go through?
Do I have a limit to the number of top-ups per day?
I  see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did It charge me extra?
Can I verify a top-up and what card is used?
Somebody has stolen my card, I need help please.
Can I use your app to exchange between USD and GBP
Do you know the reason why my card payment was declined?
Why couldn't I complete a transfer?
I'm happy with Mastercard and want to stick with just that credit card.
I can't withdraw any money from my account. Ive tried a couple different ATM machines and both of them wouldn't give me my money. What's going on? Is my account frozen or something?
You can do that in just a few seconds. Go to account, hit activate, and follow the directions from there.
According to the app, I got cash from an ATM but I haven't made any transactions.
how do you determine your exchange rates because one of yours was off when i got cash
I have a question regarding the PIN of the card?
Why would my transfer be declined? I've checked that I've put in all the right details, but it is still declined.
I don't recognize a debit payment that was made and would like to find out about the payment.
Hello. Please, would you tell me if you have or have not received funds for a refund that I recently requested for a big purchase? I've contacted the merchant, but I can't tell that they have taken any action on it.
How can I fill up my gas tank using a check?
I have tried 5 times at this point to complete a transfer that's simply standard. What appears to be the problem? Is your system messed up?
Do I need to order a new card before it expires?
I thought I would have received my new card at this point.
i do not know what this charge is for
My transfer didn't complete. Why can't I access funds?
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards that I need to be aware of?
Is there a minimum age for having an account?
I an not sure but it looks as if a card payment I made was cancelled.
I have received my card, can you help me put it in the app?
What should I do if my smart phone is lost or stolen?
Why was I charged extra for transferring money?
My card failed to work when I was shopping in a store
How can I top up with Google play?
Is it possible to use my apple watch for topping up?
can I use my card before identity verification?
Are there steps I need to take before my card expires?
Where is my refund? I have been checking my account all day.
Can I change the amount I made on a payment that I made to the payment is correct.
There was a transaction this morning that I'd like to reverse.
Help, I don't see my money i just added.
I need to transfer funds from China and quick expedition is crucial. Approximately how long does it take for a transfer from China to go through?
I recently transferred money to my account when will it show up?
Are their fee's for top ups?
I am concerned that I am being doubled charged for several items purchased in the past week.  Please review my statement and correct.
What are the disposable cards for?
why verify the top up? it doesnt make sense
I need to use my disposable card multiple times a day, is there a cutoff limit?
I withdrew some cash out of the ATM over the holiday. It seems that I was charged some outrageous fees. I would not have done that had I been aware of these outrageous charges!
And do you have virtual cards instead of physical ones?
Why are you asking so many questions about me?
What do I do if I cannot access the app?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working in my country?
Can I exchange my money for EUR?
I think the atm ate my card.
My rate is not right when I used my card in a different country's money.
Do I have to change my PIN at a bank?
Are there limits to businesses that will accept this card?
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
Your foreign exchange rate is wrong.
I have a second credit card from the US. Will you take it?
What steps do I need to do to delete my account?
what is this extra charge with my purchase?
Show me the source of my money.
The exchange rate was incorrect for this item I bought.
How long do I have to wait until the transferred money shows up?
how do i set up my apple pay watch to connect to my account
How do I contact customer support about a transfer?
I recently purchased something, and the exchange rate was wrong.
I'm wanting to get a Visa card today.
My credit card was declined.
Why was my transfer request decline?
How do I get my card on the app?
There is a card payment I do not recognise.
Why doesn't the card payment work
I see a payment on my statement for  a place I didn't make a purchase at.
How can I change to my married name?
Where can I withdraw money from?
The exchange rate you are using is really bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
I do not have what is required to prove my identity
Is there a fee for transferring money
I want to revert a transaction I did
The amount of cash I received was not the full amount
How do I request a refund?
The cash I wanted wasn't there.
How many countries do you work in?
I do not see the money I transferred into this account
why hasn't my virtual card arrived?
Can I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
Will you charge for a physical card?
I can't find how to top up my account with a check.  Where is that?
Is my PIN recorded anywhere?
My identity hasn't been verified.  Can I use my account?
How do I request the PIN?
Why was I charged an extra fee when using an ATM?
Why isn't a recent refund on my statement?
I have to transfer money over to my mother, and I have tried numerous times and all that keeps happening is error messages.
Why did I get less cash than what I asked in the ATM?
I visited the ATM but got less money than what I requested. Why?
Why was my cash withdrawal cancelled at the ATM?
My topping up didn't go through.
How long does it take for a cheque to post to your account?
There was an extra fee when I paid with the card.
Where did the extra fee on my statement come from?
How much does top up fees cost?
My app shows cash I didn't get.
Can someone assist me with activating my card?
Why didn't the ATM give me my money?
I had everything lined up to make a transfer, and then it rejected it.
I want to do a swift transfer
I was charged a fee when withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
My card is stuck inside the ATM.
Why do you need to verify my identity?
Are there specific ATM's I can use with this card?
What information do I need to gather in order to activate my card?
Why did I get charged for withdrawing cash?
Why has my transfer been declined?
My new pin needs to be set.
Why was the exchange rate wrong when I got cash
Where should I look for my PIN number at?
My new card keeps getting declined. I was very excited to use it for the first time today. Why is this doing this?
Balance hasn't been updated following a cheque or cash deposit
I was charged extra when I made a cash withdraw, why?
I already paid to top-up but the funds aren't available yet, where are they?
How do I pay by check?
Can I make many disposable cards per day?
How can i reset my passcode ?
where is my unknown payment from?
app malfunctioning, does not know its me
Some cash has been withdrawn but I didn't do it.
I was wondering why my card was declined
I got money overseas and the exchange rate was wrong
Why are you charging for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after getting my groceries, and it appears there is a fee that wasn't there before
What should I do if I think my card was stolen?
Do I have to pay for topping up by transfer?
What is the function of the identity check
When exchanging, how much are the rates?
The app denied my top-up
I need assistance with transferring funds to another account.
I think my top up has been reverted
Help!  I forgot my password.
I did a payment but the app cancelled it.
who should i contact if my refund doesn't go through?
Help, my phone was stolen, please advise!
Why am I charged a fee for getting cash?
How do i authenticate a top-up card?
Why was i charged for making a withdrawal? After i went grocery shopping i withdrew some money from my account and now there is another charge.
Please list the countries you support.
Why was my account charged for using an ATM?
Why does it say pending cash withdrawal on my statement?
I have paid by my card but payment is still its coming as pending. I think there is some issue please check and let me know when the status will complete.
I tried to withdraw cash from the ATM machine and it did not work. Can you tell me why?
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with my card?
What's wrong with my ID? I can't verify it.
how much for topping up by card?
My account is blocked, how do I log in now
Please tell me how to verify my top up card.
how do i get a new card
Why did the transfer fail when I attempted to do it earlier?
How is my card payment still pending?
Why isn't my id verified?
I will need to get a new card soon, how do I order?
Can I have more than one disposable card?
I've got charges on my account I did not authorize. Can I get this money back from the last couple of days that it's been coming out? I also need to freeze my card.
Can you assist on apple watch top ups?
Why have I been charged a fee for cash withdrawal?
Can I give a second card for this account to my daughter?
How do you find the exchange rate?
Hoe do i use my credit card to transfer money?
I have the cash already, my account still shows up as pending.  How can my account be still pending?
How can I exchange GBP for AUD?
What is the maximum number of transactions that I can put on a disposable card?
What should I do if I don't know my password?
My disposable virtual card is not working
How long will it be to get this new card?
Do I get charged if I am receiving money?
How can I edit my personal details in the app?
What is the exchange rate for EUR?
I tried to make a payment with my card and it was declined. Why is it pending?
Why isn't my google pay top up working?
I need to change my pin but I am on the road.
Will I know which exchange rate I will get?
Can someone help me unblock my pin?
I just found out from the seller that my money didn't go through. I checked my account and it was deducted at first but now it's back in my account. Can you  please fix this for me quickly?
At what cash machines can I change my PIN?
My transfer did not seem to work.
Where is my top-up verification code?
Is there a reason my top-up has not gone through?
Is there a charge for using an European bank card for top up?
Is there a limit to using a disposable virtual card?
I'm having problems making a transfer to another account. I keep getting a declined message. I know that the information I'm putting in is accurate because I have checked it more than once.
Can I get my money back on an item?
I went for a meal in Seattle and paid the bill but I think they charged me twice, the first time they swiped the card I got a notification to say the money had gone out the account but then I added a tip and I think they swiped it all again. Can you refund one of the charges?
I want to start using my card.
There was a charge applied when I used my card.
lost my phone, dont want others to use it.
Which countries do you work with?
Where are cards available to order?
My account isn't showing the refund
Is there an age limit to when my child can use these services?
I just received my card and I'd like to activate it.
I have been charged twice this week for a couple of things on my card. Can you please check this out for me and return the double charged items back?
totally unacceptable.  I'm stranded with no cash because the ATM wouldn't give me any money!
I could not get a top-up to work, why?
I would like to know any restrictions for the disposable cards.
For some reason I am unable to preform a transfer to a beneficiary.
I am seeing a direct debit I wasn't aware of.
I am yet to receive the money in my account how long will this take?
What foreign exchange rate will you use?
how can i track card you sent
There's an unauthorized direct debit in my app.
How long does it typically take for a pending ATM withdrawal to clear?
Is my daughter eligible to open an account?
My card isn't here yet.
Can you please help me with this exchange?  I am trying to get crypto and the app won't let me.
There's a direct debit I wish to dispute
What should I do if I think there are unauthorized transactions?
Why did I get a message saying that my transfer is not possible?  I have done this before no problem.  Please fix.
I was told that withdrawing cash from the ATM is free, but I'm charged a fee. Why is this?
Why is my balance still the same after a cheque deposit?
Why would my top up be reverted?
Is my card lost? I am still waiting for it to be delivered.
I think my card has been compromised in some way.
Why are all my transfers failing?  I have the details right and they won't complete.  I've been trying all day and they still won't go through, this is URGENT, please help.
How to access my virtual card
Who accepts this card?
My Google pay top up isn't working. Help.
I thought it was free to make a withdrawal. So how much does it cost now?
Would it be possible to activate my card?
Why is the app showing a still pending message on a withdraw that has already been done?
Are there charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Why are fees charged for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a new fee that there.
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that should not have been charged!
Are you sure when the withdrawal will show?
My refund has not shown up on my statement.
There's a refund missing from my statement
I was recently mugged and would like to know if I have to have access to the app to use your services and how I would go about setting up your services on a new device belonging to a current user?
If I need to make an exchange from USD to GBP, how can I do so in the app?
I'm waiting for the ID verification to go through still, so is it too soon to use my account?
I need to add money to my account. Can I do so via bank transfer?
My top up did not complete.
How can I move money from my account at a different bank to the account I have at this bank.
How do I go about setting up an account for my daughter?
How long do transfer pend for?
Why hasn't my transaction arrived to my friend yet?
I deposited money in the form of a cheque, but my balance has not increased.
what is this charge on my card?
Reason for my card to decline
I topped up my account but the money isn't there now.
What is this fee debit on my account?
Can I unblock my PIN in the app?
I think my statement has a fraudulent charge
Help me check where the funds came from.
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer within the country. It still has not completed. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
What would I be charged in receiving a SEPA transfer?
My passcode is not being accepted
Am I able to track a card that has already been sent?
Hi there! I need to cancel an order I recently made and start processing a refund. Can you please help me with this and set up the refund as soon as possible? It's very urgent.
I'm interested in holding and exchange for flat currencies, what do you support?
What is the source of my money?
How can I get my money back for a payment i didnt make
I've already topped up, but I cannot see the funds being available. What happened?
People are using my debit card - help!
I need it delivered on a certain date.
Is there an age limit to open an account
How long before a bank transfer shows up in the account?
I've been unable to pay contactless with my card for over a week now. Is there a way to fix this issue?
A cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account - can you please cancel my card as soon as possible?
Can you please assist on my item that needs to be refunded?
What do I do to activate my new card?
