start the vacuum
turn off the lights in the living room
give me my facebook update every three hours
what's the famous monty python joke about the bird
song next
play the most recent podcast for this american life
change the lights to blue
did i receive a message from kevin
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
would you like to play a game with me
send tweet to united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
are there any construction areas on harvard
would not care.
what new movies are good
say a good joke for me right now
currency to currency rate
when was the last alarm set
remove all the events on my calendar
does lechateau have delivery service or only takeaway
take that off there
can you please check and confirm the detail.
show me how to cook a recipe
can you repeat please.
change the color of lights
review all alarms
decrease twenty percent
can you please turn off the wemo plug socket
play what live
show me the stock price for google
please turn the lights on
could you clarify me on it further.
recent advice concerning google seo
please hold for the next hour
tell me what is on the list
i want to finally read the mars trilogy
set the coffee maker to on
please quiet the speaker
how bad is the traffic on sunset boulevard
any one would be okay, olly.
can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are
let's play canasta
call me at six am
delete all of my appointments with dr smith this week
send a tweet about sonys volume issues
order from dominos
what is price of dollar
what exhibits or shows are scheduled at the metropolitan theater
please make a coffee
remove all events from my calendar
olly will you stop.
do i have any new messages in twitter instagram or facebook
list local ongoing exhibitions
can you speak once again please.
i'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please
olly will you shut off.
when does iphone stock usually drop
what is the name of that song
you don't understand it right.
when is my takeaway going to get here
current song rating three stars
can you save this song to my favorites
turn the volume down
yes perfectly.
yeap good response.
set an alarm for two pm
send an email and save the contact information for samuelwaters@hotmail dot com
what is new
change the lights of the house to a blue hue
what movie theatres are in stephenville
please delete the shopping list
check the events on calendar and delete the next event
can you retry please.
places with pizza delivery near me
erase my next calendar event
will you stop please.
do we have thirty first day on this month
save all of my preferences information specific to songs
would you please check it.
how many cm make one foot
i do not think that was correct.
what is playing at the local theater right now
make a new list for me
olly stop please.
play music radio for me
i think this was not correct.
delete every event
what time will it be locally at nine am bangalore india time
turn off lights
i need everything deleted from calendar please
i think it's not the correct answer.
get me takeaway food
turn off one light in my bedroom
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
what alarms are coming up
go to the third episode of this podcast
what time does the train arrive in sacremento
hey turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at ten am
rewind to four twelve
please would you repeat what you've said.
i want to listen to the new sam harris episode
change my clock to central time zone from my current zone
turn up media volume
play tic tac toe with me
how many likes i have got on my eggless cake post on youtube
what song is on the radio
find joel osteen's broadcast on sirius
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
confirm the alarm time
olly would you please shut up.
speak all items for to day
can you tell me what kind of show can i go tonight in miami
how is the traffic in florida
tell me how to get from here to the chimes in covington
thank you very much for that information.
what's new on facebook
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
exchange rate from cad to u. s. d.
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
make appointment for next friday
today i had a record breaking sale
please set alarm for
remove cheese from my list
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
would like to know the alarm you sent
when does the next train to work leave
where is the closest kroger
make me a cappuccino
i need to hear a joke can you tell me one
does that restaurant allow take out orders
find an uber driver available for tonight after ten pm
book me a train ticket to atlanta please
please tweet the following to radisson hotels customer service
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
fantastic response to the command.
do not really bother.
create a blank list
i need ninety nine point five please
places to order takeaway food
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
do you know actor surya
will you please shut down.
this brings some problems to us
what am i listening to
remove events from my list
how do i deglaze a pan
are there any backups on route eighty today
do i have anything planned for today
that is cool, thanks, olly.
the weather is sunny today
what does obsessed mean
get a cup of coffee ready now
tell artist and title of this song
i need a ticket on the train to new york city tomorrow
can you start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
network podcast
make me smile by telling a joke
i'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date
what temperature should a baked chicken be
new friends request details
i want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list
olly please just stop.
will you speak it once again.
where is the closest mexican restaurant
start playing again
tell me what is on my grocery list for this week
what events are scheduled this week
tell me the name of this song
find my shopping list and delete it
beg your pardon.
erase previous list
play the radio for me
raise your volume
use that email address as a contact
thank you, olly.
may twenty two is my birthdate and i want to know the what day is twenty third may
do i have any other contact phone number for alison
this song should be on my playlist
make me some coffee
can you get me a taxi home
be quiet
do i have any new emails from sarah
next episode in podcast
that is excellent.
how many mega pixel is listed in the description of the canon
how do i make mashed potatoes
find tacos near my home
how much rate will be calculated
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
hey play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
what are my favorite types of music
change the lighting to blue
define television
what shops are round here
clear list things to do this weekend
please play recently paused audio
tell me a good doctor joke
can you create new list for me
where did rama go on his final journey
tune into my selected station
set reminder for tomorrow for this item
i need to wake up make me the strongest coffee you can make
start cleaning robot cleaner
do i have a party tomorrow save on my calendar
tell me my list names
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
please turn off kitchen light for me
i don't understand what you just said now.
remind me the upcoming meeting at four am today
when is my order ready
tell me formula for area of circle
that is of no importance, olly.
please will you check and confirm it.
what is five over three
show current track in music player
how many eggs should i put in my cake mixture
tell me about joose
what is the capital of new hampshire
let me hear my list
compile favorites list according to my song feedback
please remove apples from my grocery list
whats the time now
jane doe
change the lights to red
play the jungle book
please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee
turn on the light socket
this room lights off
activate the vacuum
more bright
i'dl like to hear any classical except for bach or schubert
send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china
carlos linux upgrade email
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
it is too dark in here increase the brightness of the lights
check and confirm the instruction please.
can i order olive garden to go
how many birthday's are on twenty third
i need some more lights
delete the grocery list
change the opacity of the color
how is traffic in city
turn on the lights
describe what a poltergeist is
remember this music
what about the new york city traffic
what is fifty five minus two
add a wrist watch to the shopping list
hey order me some take out from jason's deli
put the playlist on shuffle
describe your list
start vacuum cleaner
please will you shut down.
thats not it please do it again.
order a takeaway sandwich and soup from the italian's
what's the best way to cook pasta
do i have anything scheduled in my events
open some cools jokes
i would like the house lights to be pink
what time is it in new york city
hey share me some joke to make me happy
reply to the latest email
please remove my list of favorite albums
open cnn app
send an email to john that i am on my way to home
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
what times may i travel to location a
i need to make a list of bills that are due
what do they have going on at young circle this week
move the volume up a little
make a contrast one
email my boss that i will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting
minimize the lights
please speak up
what is the most current exchange rate in china
is there any events are in the local area
Play something random from google play
eight am manila time is what in eastern time
wake me up at five hundred and thirty
yes exact.
turn down the sound
tell to joe's email that come to my house in this moment i am alone
tell me all local events
play the last radio channel
dim the lighting in my living room
resume the reading of the french lesson
i would like to hear the last one you said again.
kill all the frogs you see
i would not really know, olly.
please check and tell me contact details of mongomery llc company
pontificate definition
where can i got to grab some drinks in west chester
enable smart socket
make a new alarm
tell me time of alarm you set
set a reminder on fifteenth march as meeting
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
decrease speaker volume
turn on wemo
please turn on radio on seven am
give me an update on the election in one hour
i'd like you check my last question please.
you've done it right.
let's have the radio on
check someone's recent emails
can you feel
turn the room light off
sound off
repeat same song for ten times
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
how much is twelve divided by four
favorite this music
what lists are open
please remove the alarm set for wednesday called kickball
this event needs to be deleted
lets play poker
oh it is nice one, olly.
what movie should i watch today
perfect job, you have done well.
could you order sushi for tonight dinner
describe a workhouse for me
can you save this what a nice song for me
can you continue audiobook the circle
a little brighter thanks
time to workout
what is the traffic like today
find me the distance and direction by train to rccg in ikoyi lagos
which is the nearest restaurants available
reduce light intensity
origin of word
what is two plus two
start new list
what is the exchange rate for dollars to pounds
please turn off the light of my son's room
add rice on the list
who was the last person to email me
give me the time in london
will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend
longest river in the world
get me up at eight am
what's happening at the library this month
uber
delete the list
how many alarms have i set
turn lights in the room off
what is planned for today in my local area
please remove any alarms that i have set
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow
turn off the garage light
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
i don't really care.
can you turn my bedroom lights off
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train
what food is good
pause resume
find restaurant order food name
here's an email address
joke me
how do i cook a pasta
fast road to get home
the music volume should increase to ninety
could you please confirm if leonardo is married
please check this info on geographics for me
play bbc radio
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
new reminder at three pm
tag you're it
what is the stock price of amazon
i want to order some pizza
continue the smurfs book
what you have said was not so clear.
tell taxi to pick me up at four pm
head lines today from news
when is the next office meeting
movies with good rotten tomato ratings
call raju phone number
check emails for unread emails from mom
train times location
what movies are out this week
can you please check what i last said.
it seems cold
play hip hop songs
i don't really mind for whatever.
schedule pizza takeout for seven pm
write email to family member and read it back
send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
what type of music do i enjoy
set a reminder alert for saturday nine am towards payment of electricity bill
switch off the plug socket
uhh no, you have done task all in wrong manner.
i want to play a game
show me my events
train times to new york
can you please buy me a train ticket
do not wake me up tomorrow
lower the lights in the house
increase the brightness of the light it is hard to see down here
move forward ten minutes in this podcast
recipe for crabmeat
will you say once again.
a priest walks into a bar
shut up
tell me a good joke
i love the song do you
i did not want you to send that text yet wait until i say send
what are the stock prices of target
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for seven am please
turn the lights off in the bedroom
create a new list called grocery store please
you got that perfectly.
could you list out the information on book fairs in washington dc for next week
what does it mean to be overbearing
delete this list
i favorite singer is arijit singh find his voice on radio
i will need my filter coffee in ten minutes please ask the coffee maker accordingly
what to do lists do i have
let me know about the exchange rate of rupee to dirham
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at seven today
is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets
email mahmoud
open up tetris
new york time
i am sorry but i think it is not the right command.
turn up the volume of my speakers
deactivate smart plug socket
call city cab to airport
enable wemo
tweet to ikea costumer service the following i'm not happy with this new klm product
calculate distance from boston to new york
ask peking garden when my food will arrive
play tonic
how old is rihanna
what conducts heat better copper bottomed pots or cast iron
yeah that's great.
start playing fm ninety six point five when it is one pm
start cleaner
what do they have going on for festivals downtown
your understanding was exact.
please change the color of my lights surprise me
call eastwind and order lomaine to go
i would like coffee now
when did beyonce and jay z get married
please rectify the command.
Check outlook
ticket for new york
how is the weather of this place
turn my lights to some random color
is there any type of festival going on in town this weekend
play the next episode of a podcast
i need to get going at eight am tomorrow set up an alarm thirty minutes before that
who takes less of duration of time for delivery
i would love a less bright up room
how to make chicken tikka
what is the us dollar equivalent of one euro
yeah exactly.
change the lights in the kitchen to blue
schedule a lunch meeting with brent on Wednesday at noon
may i know the about alarm you set
please start an email for my sister
open gallery post video name
did mark post anything new on facebook
what are the new movies releasing
what would you call this kind of music that we're listening to
what time is the train to san francisco due
make coffee at six am
please make the lights watching friendly
it was good one, thank you very much.
headlines from dhaka tribune
it's useful, thank you so much.
what is the equivalent of one inr in zimbabwe dollars
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
make the lights brighter
open uber app and book me a car for pick up at the airport
trash the open list google
deadpool
cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at eight am
define alarm
order general t'so eggroll to go
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
how much time it will take to prepare the order
please turn off only right side light
please explain me more on what you've just said.
please remove the alarm which i set for today morning
tell me the current dollar ratio for the us and canada
how do you pan sear a porterhouse steak
can you please further explain me about that.
where can i book a train ticket to oregon
currency exchange
is there life on other planets
turn off wemo
how many hours difference is there between london and new york
play the billboard top ten
cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning
remove item three
alert me at the time of the event
generate fresh list
repeat jazz
can i get an order delivered from romero's
i need an alarm set for five hundred and thirty am tomorrow
does fridays do takeaway
show me best in class theatre
what is the square root of nine
display available lists
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
who sings the song about a long black train
order two hamburgers for me
what's the traffic this morning
skip to the next song
the time difference between lagos and new york is what
create a list of jewels to be bought
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
set alarm for this event reminder repeating for ten times
how is shell s stock doing today
update the calendar with the last event removed
define organism
hey what is the definition of survey
go to favourite list
do remove next event from the calendar
go to next episode
add juice to my grocery list
add a reminder to april fourth to go to the dentist
open chess play against me
brighten of lights in living room
please go to amtrak dot com to purchase tickets
is mary's birthday party tonight
i would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from subway
mute for fifteen minutes
what music is being played right now
i'd like an espresso
play radio disney
i do not mind for whatever.
answer this mathematical question
how was the traffic now
do i have any alarms set for today
how to go to multi specialty hospital
domino's delivery status
what are all my lists
do i have alarms set
add milk to grocery list
what music do i usually listen to
play for me hip hop music
cancel my birthday party
remove my dinner event for monday
games
current status of take out order
tell me one more again please.
latest tweets
where i can find a bakery
update me on the standing rock protest
i am ready to hear the next episode of podcast
Add pick up kids from school to my to do list for today
olly turn the volume up
how have megatel shares done last week
find funny jokes
show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week
cancel dentist appointment for this week
how smooth is marble floor
don't mind for whatever.
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
i need the current dart rail schedule from west irving station to north lake college
need a taxi tomorrow at eight in the morning
turn on the tunes
bring me ticket of train to city leeds
please explain space
find shoe shopping near my home
find nearest train station
set an alarm for five am
next podcast play
that's good one, thank you very much.
how is a typhoon defined
i want to listen to one oh one point one the whiz
do you know any jokes
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
put pencil on a new grocery list
i want to listen arijit singh song once again
please remove the grocery list from my set of lists
please increase volume
what chinese restaurants are in my area
remove the alarm for tomorrow
yes that's fantastic.
open saga
turn on socket
turn lights blue
whats the latest
remove birthday party
what do you think i should have for breakfast
hey olly on the twentieth clear my calendar
check stock prices on this
do i need a sweater today
i need to add this new contact for sam smith ssmith@yahoo dot com
what is the dollar price in inr
go to www dot metronorth dot com for train tickets
turn the light off in the living room
find and queue all songs of kate perry and play all without shuffling
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
order food from applebees
please check my coming up events
i would like to know the traffic condition
i don't want eggs
what is the bbc's latest news
siri open twitter tweet @potus sucks
running competitions on the west side
tell me that one more time please.
any good fast food items
show meaning of clarion
can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area
i have a meeting with sean at four pm on wednesday can you remind me
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
tell me again.
it's dirty here make some noise
turn off my wemo plug socket
what time does the train leave for chicago
are there any alarms
play country music
what is the route to the closest mcdonalds
is there anything new in my email folder
is my friend rohit online on facebook
can you please check and confirm what just said.
olly please shut down.
mobile device explanation
delete all events in calendar
will you stop.
find me the cheapest train ticket to spain
what events are going to happen in my city between two four pm today
i would like to know the route the train will go to get to miami
it's great one, i appreciate it.
continue playing where I left off
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
is there an alarm at four am
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
clean my entire calendar
hi olly please cancel all the programs for friday
find a train going from prague to brno
add coffee to the grocery list
are there any events happening in town
play only particular singer songs
play next episode of harry potter by j. k. rowling
a joke please
do i have a busy day today
can you tell me some fun things to do in kentucky
olly that's enough, stop.
up the volume the sound is too low
would you check the details please.
add eggs to list
what is the title of the song
set a two day notification before maria's birthday please
alarm status
olly that is enough, just stop it.
got it exactly.
save this song to playlist
i have a meeting at noon today
please define forensic
what is the current time in delhi
disable the first alarm
pink is all we need
further explain.
please mute the sound
am i going to swim or work today
it is unimportant to me.
what is trending
please send a complaint to someone
make sure there is no events on my calendar
what's the exchange rates
how much is ten dollars in euros
can you please turn off the lights in this room
i do not care.
what does snafu mean
please set the lights to green
siri find train tickets to nc
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
status of take away
did you get last thing said correctly?
tell me items that are on my shopping list
lower speaker volume
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
read me the most updated news on bbc
outlet on
tell me what's on my shopping list
this item should be removed from list
write a tweet telling macy's that they should be shutting down instead of jcpenney
make an alarm
add this new email
please block off friday at eight am on my calendar
who is this
could you please help me in listening to the radio
switch lights to dim red
get me some food
what is recipe
i love anything by elton john
when does the train from kansas city to iowa leave
stock please
find the nearest taxi
get apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contacts
how do i cook a medium rare steak
is it true that susan's birthday is on march first
start the robot vacuum cleaner
could you please find me the latest news from a source that i do not usually go to
i had a long hard day
tell me about my alarms
please remind me of all the nba scores in a week
why did bob dylan earn a nobel peace prize
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
what is the amount for train ticket booking
what is the current time in chennai
please turn the volume down
on my grocery list please add oranges
can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram
can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person
when's mark lanegan's next album out
dim the lights in my bedroom
it's a bit dark increase lighting
i will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow
please decrease the volume of music player
food order from grubhub
what's the time in this time zone
let wendy's know i hate them
what time is the train passing by
will you check and confirm that please.
change light colour to yellow
has amy sent me any new emails
when did pop it like it's hot come out
fast me the news of academy awards
read me the last email from stefan and oil change
who has covered this song
raise the brightness of the lights
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
what are the show times for logan at the nearby theatre
could you speak louder
get rid of a list
this song is composed by whom
play old fashioned christmas music
what is mary smith's telephone number
what is the exchange rate of us dollar today for rupee
save my opinion about the current song playing
skip this episode
best ticket price air plane to chester on the twenty first
i need you to remove item s from my list
lower battery consumption to save setting
could you turn off light
please check detail.
could you please shut down.
how congested is the traffic on my way to work
order two large pizzas and pieces of hot wings from dominoes
i want to bright the room more
show me the path of nearest railway station
tell me what you just said once again please.
what's the news in politics
tell me starting phrase of this music
can you turn on the wemo plug socket
recommend artists similar to rihanna
what date is easter sunday this year
what is exchange for the us and euro
set lights to full power
siri what is the definition of ziggurat
knock knock
play previous episode
play music from workout playlist
remind me of my appointment on the fifteenth
get me the latest news in new york
all food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list
what takeout places are near me
get me some latte please
what time in las vegas
find me the nearest chinese for delivery
tweet customer service not good for lpg service in my twitter account
make me a coffee please
could you confirm detail please.
do i have any meetings on friday's afternoon
what's interesting around here
how do i change the color of the lights
was einstein married
play from my last session of joes book
you have done task all wrong.
tell me the time
display nearby places
tweet bad day at starbucks
what train companies are near me
s1, will you further explain.
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
pleas reply to the mail of allen
what is the time difference between california and michegan
what is a stock price of tata
tweet my complaint on targets customer service
start playing my most recent podcast
start robot vacuum
turn off my room lights
start my robot vacuum cleaner
it is five forty five am in liverpool what time is now new york
initialize the robot vacuum
email john smith
can you pause the audio
cancel all my appointments
remove my list of contacts from work
search for any upcoming book fairs during next week in washington dc
it would be nice if you post status for me
play npr through my living room stereo
i wanna laugh can you make it happen
how much indian rupees per u. s. d. today
how soon can we expect rain
grubhub order
please tell me what alarms are on
when is the train coming
can you book a train ticket for me under dollars
please change the lighting to blue
i love this song
can i get a recipe for tuna
what items are on my shopping list
check and see what will be the weather condition in new jersey at eight am tomorrow
turn on the smart plug
check to see if pizza hut has my order on the way
start the gilmore guys
start creating a new list
what is tomorrow's alarm time set to
please change time zone to canada
how long does it take for the train to get to orlando
skip this one
how much is twenty two usd in euros
skip to the next episode of this podcast
get recipe for apple pie
read that back
what is the stock price of hdfc
tell me the date when this song was recorded
let's play a game of trivia
play the last played audiobook
lower lights in kitchen
play my midnight love playlist
what will the weather be like on saturday
book me a train ride
turn living room lights red
please send an email to john saying i'm on leave
wouldn't mind.
please add to my contact lists and send them a reminder email
anything would be good.
radio please
hey call the nearest chinese restaurant for a takeaway
make this a bit louder
what's a good joke
tell me the exact arrival time of train from newcastle to edinburgh
all alarms
change the plan of meeting
you can send the email to abc@gmail dot com this is my new email address
send a mail to alex asking about the due payment
it's perfect.
shut off my living room plug socket
what is the current value of yen in american money
call china king chinese restaurant
anything is okay for me.
look at my email
two pm set
please open and play chess with me
set music system to mute
please play the beatles ps i love you
what's the traffic on eighty today
can you tell me a little about yourself
order chinese food
more light please
beep when i get an email from john
open facebook messenger
what is the current time in california
i need to know current weather in new york city
i would like you to check what last said please.
that is unimportant to me, olly.
tell me some funny joke to laugh
add a new contact for daniel bell dbell@aol dot com
is my calendar free for Thursday
vacuum the kitchen
turn the living room lights to one percent
open chess game
make new list
make coffee at three
what's new in facebook
activate robot cleaner in an hour
send email to bro and say hi come down for dinner tonight
tweet terrible service
tell me when the next alarms are for
start the league of legends game
start playing podcast about books
i love the songs of micheal jackson can you save some songs of jackson for me
let me know the alarm time
remind me tomorrow at four about an event
remove the bank transaction list
name the singer
play song aces high
book my train ticket from las vegas to los angeles
play bbc radio four
set alarm on twenty fifth may at five pm
tell me about mary s.
dubai marriage
it seems like olly's command was not right.
map out a route from here to abita brew pub
does the nearby chinese restaurant do delivery
hey olly mute the speakers
put on a pot of coffee
please give me the road forecast for i95 sb
oh it's great job.
please tell me what lists i have
adjust light when i get home
add to list
please play the song joy to the world
book me a ride
please remove list
you rock,.
what do you think was the best decade
cancel business meeting on wednesday
show me my contacts
increase the light
notify me an hour before my two pm appointment at the car dealership
cut off the bathroom lights
i would talk to you later on.
It's too dark in here
what is the sum of fifteen ninety nine dollars and six sixty five dollars
what did happen today
lower the lighting
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
s2, i didn't catch that.
what time is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
what are the pending reminder for today evening
i want to listen to be more chill by ned vizzini
siri what does obstacle mean
raise lights
i want to change the color of the lights
how long is the walk from nyack to valley cottage
set alarm at six thirty am
try the last message one more time please.
you've got the command exactly.
who's that song by
can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow
when can i pick up my order
i need you to convert nine am cst to est time
can i order takeaway dinner from byron's
play me john's podcast
play the radio station
if it's sunrise in stockholm what time is it in okinawa
what is the exchange rate between us and canada
yeah strongly agree.
can you check and confirm my last command please.
play back the last message
let's hear some indie rock okay
give me a traffic update
where is my meeting at nine am
what is the answer to two times three
google search the topic
i want some coffee now
is there anything left on my list
bring up a complaint form
decrease brightness of lights
what mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout
add these documents to the things i need to travel with
recommend a romantic comedy in me area
can you do me a favor my eyes are feeling strained on these lights can you please change it to a cooler tone
what did the s n. p close out at
what is mom's email address
olly please just cancel.
would you check what i said.
add event to calendar
book ticket for paris by train
detail for stock price
Update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
make a laundry setting for the volume at twenty
thanks but it's not the correct command.
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
turn off the office lights
create a list for the following
decrease lighting
train ticket
will you look up joe's contact information for me
set alarm for saturday morning soccer practice at eight am
i like top twenty music
switch on light
did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends
add butter to the list
back one episode
i want you check the last thing i said please.
tweet complaint to american eagle customer service
what groups are listed in my contacts
is that the song from spectre
what is the name of the lead singer in this band
remove that event from list
you have done that correctly thanks.
please train
please let me know today's date
skip to next
give me election updates
name the capital of nigeria
turn off sockets
start from last time on my audio book
can you send a tweet to lif saying that their app crashed
please show today meting with clients
can you order me a pizza today from dominos
who is the president of america
see you
please set the alarm for next morning to seven am
please would you just cancel it.
heading to gym please post to facebook
lights off in the kitchen please
find twitter handle of tom cruise
create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner
that is of no importance for me, olly.
please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
is summer going on
tell me about the alarm timings
are there any new emails from name
turn on hall lights
what defines a triangle
turn off my smart plug in thirty minutes
hips dont lie thats the song i would like you to play for me
tell me the traffic condition from here to home
send a tweet to tmobile for rude employees
how many euro will i get for ten dollars
dammit, it isn't what i am looking for.
start radio play
what and how is india's economy at the moment
is my alarm set for seven am
check if there any new email
did i email tom on the subject of gun control
what time does the train depart from downtown los angeles to santa barbara
shit, you've done a task wrong.
is it ok to lower the lights
can you order me takeout
check delivery options for the restaurant
please mute yourself
make a list of all the clothing range available on ralph and lauren
raise living room lights half way
will you please put something something@gmail dot com in my contacts
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
book a train ticket for friday april fourteenth for boston
what should i wear is it cold outside
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
who is the music director of this song
describe a romantic love
can you give me the time in new delhi
anything i need to know
can you tell me on tuesday to give jane a call
don't get this.
what's the meaning of rumplestiltskin
call me an uber for right now
would you check and confirm the details please.
start over the book legacy
what is the weather in utah
can you play back to december
play my morning playlist
delete the list brads appointments
what was the first car made
could you shut down.
please switch off on the wemo plug socket
give me some cafes near downtown fort lauderdale
send an email to my boss
please make me a coffee using the coffee machine
play the podcast named ringcast
please let me know the exchange rate between indian rupees and us
how many calories did i burn with my fifty minutes of yoga
activate vacuum cleaner
remind me every year on this date of
you have understood my instructions exactly.
please do not speak
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
remove cereal from my shopping list
top news
play a movie i'll like
please check last thing i said.
what is apple's stock
what is a sphere
what is the name of the artist that created this song
checkout domino centre near me and order cheese pizza
initiate cleaning process
play me some melody song
start me a new list
can you explain string theory to me
would like to see the time zone
yeah wonderful.
do not mind for any one.
is there a takeaway in chipotle restaurant
what is a trebuchet
update my list with shoes
how much for a train ticket
whats happening in football today
what's the exchange rate between the us dollar and the euro
where is the statue of liberty located
on the plug
how's the stock for exxon mobil doing today
turns my son's room lights off
please clear my calendar for tomorrow
tell me what's happening on social media
play radio station
my set alarms
please can you tell me that word said once again.
there is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
i need to get to location call a cab
please set a reminder alarm for three pm on Saturday
play one thousand and thirty seven fm
make the lights pink at the house
s2, do not get the last sentence.
what is the estimated travel time for the train ride to orlando
add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
i have no idea for which to choose.
can you show me the popular posts from facebook today
new alarm for six am
do a coffee for me please
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
brighten the lights please
please play podcasts on science
Set a alarm for the day
remind me about the meeting
mute the sound
i would like this alarm permanently removed
did you get my last instruction correctly?
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
be my clock
up
turn on the wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
do you have a joke
yeah exact response to the command.
can you put the vacuum on
add new year with family next week
set an alarm for two hours from now
what genre is this
friend updates
tell me the answer for two plus two
check detail please.
what is the current exchange rate of euro to dollar
how much is the euro worth versus us dollar
tell me the music that is playing
what is the age of britney spears
remove alarms set for tomorrow
don't really bother, olly.
what is an alternative to flour
please turn the lights up
are there any alarms set right now
eight hundred and eighty nine fm please
my alarms
toggle wemo plug socket on
power off on
call rta and book a taxi for three o'clock in the morning
i wouldn't bother.
will you say once again please.
play the newest morning show podcast
mute
schedule text messages for later
reviews of the restaurants
please add dan's email to my contacts
i want you just stop it.
i would like to receive updates about the stock market every day
am i gonna need rain boots
i need more light
order a train ticket to los angeles
check for new emails
will you tell me that once more please.
if it is a consumer good then what is the customer feedback
i want the time for another city outside us
let me see my alarms
make me some coffee from the coffee machine
where is the pharmacy in leavenworth
ask a restaurant in me area
can you bright the lights please
thank you so much for the information.
start vacuuming now please
next one please
make a list of all the halloween events going around in new york
show number and contact email of rehan
add rebecca green to my list of favorite contacts
schedule taxi pickup for monday at noon
would you please check question.
what is email id of john
turn off light
please change the light colors to red
customer service complaint
would you please elaborate more on your response to me.
what is the size of the united states
light green
weather like
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
i am need my hat today
dim the lights in the bathroom
can you prepare a cheese sandwich
please open my contact list
check email from john
book an uber to pick me up now
disable the alarm which is set at nine thirty pm
make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
i need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone
stop audiobook
again elaborate.
can you give me train times for ann arbor
book a train for me
i need a ride in an hour
what do you know about the statue of liberty
put out the lights
how is the traffic in mg road
did bert write me today
i want to cook pasta in american style show me how
what is the weather forecast for chicago
i don't care, olly.
remove soccer list from notes
scan the radio for howard stern
excellent.
what do i need to complete first from the list
what does joke mean
how long untill i get home
please post so bored to facebook
add a reminder for april twenty as my bro's birthday
i want to see all set alarms
i challenge you to a game
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
save settings
let's make some popcorn and watch an old movie together
yes you got answer correcly.
how to cook this food
tell me the best recipes for a given dish
please describe about microwave
make a list of camera photos
please let's try it one more time again.
remove the second row from the list
can you do name that tune
yes your understanding was perfect.
do i have alarms set for today
olly that is enough, just cancel.
please play james altucher's podcast
made media volume louder
how do i start the robot vacuum cleaner
would not really care, olly.
you got the command right.
call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
can the lights be changed to green
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
find me an audio book version of ready player one and play it for me
will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee
tell me what is on my schedule for today
find me the cheapest copy of the four hour body
cancel the event valentine's day from the calendar
start the coffee machine
tell me current time
book uber for tonight at seven pm
what do i have to do today
how many minutes do i need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go
tell me the singer of this track
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
what's two plus two
find me square root of forty nine
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
what will the weather be like this week
has anything happened to mass effect
which was that coldplay song i listened to yesterday evening can you play it again
how do you subtract numbers
how's the weather like in beijing
search for pink's youtube channel
how is the new movie swat
what is the stock for hp company
remind me to take out the trash
don't let me forget i have a parent teacher conference this monday at four hundred pm
can i make back home without a traffic jam
get rid of my wake up alarm set for saturday
show me this week's forecast
start audio playback of twilight again
brightness ninety percent
i need to keep two toddlers busy tell me what to do
can you check my last question.
google i. b. m. stock prices
tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
show me concerts in sacramento
should i watch this movie
the time in cairo please
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar
yeah excellent.
i enjoy listening to this song it really calms me down
what is the wake up time for my alarm i have set for the flight this weekend
change the lights in the house to green
can you turn off my desk lamp
send an email to emma
remove wake up calls for this week
play rummy
find ny train time
add the new email to my contacts
please shut down.
play what i am by edie brickel
what time does the train to iowa leave
sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
i want to order a pizza from michael's pizza
dim the lights please
power off the current
send report to consumer service
set an alarm for one pm
play this podcast
take out available louies
how would you define a car
show me the available colours of lights
i wish this event to be removed from my calendar
could you give me the exact rate for dow nifty futures
could you please again clarify your answer to me.
i need the arrival time for new york train
send an email to peter and ask him how is he now can i do something to help him
tell me when obama was born
house can you make all the lights in the house blue
will you please clarify again.
what is current traffic in ohio
i need a funny joke to tell sam
please set reminder
whats my schedule today
set generic calendar event for next saturday at ten am
hey email jan about our meeting
turn off lights in my room
how much is fifty us dollars with in china
what is the train schedule to denver
anything else left on the list
what is the definition of this
you have done that perfectly.
what movies are playing tonight
play favorited podcasts on fishing
give me the definition of formidable
what all lists are available
can you add a new email to my contacts
remove the last item
who is singing this song
delete out item
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
where is the nearest restaurant here
please make ke a coffee
give me the exchange rate between japanese yen and the australian dollar
add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
increase the volume
tweet at united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
find all the contacts named john
please add an item in my calendar
remind me to meet with steve at one pm tomorrow
go to social media and post the following status
hey what time is it in london now
whats the currency exchange rate from dollars to euros
please can you stop it.
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
let me know the time
place alarm at five o'clock morning
delete all details in event
great job, you have done well.
show me tutorials on cooking food
yeap fantastic response.
are there are any delays on my commute
play audiobook
make a coffee please
this is unimportant.
you did it exactly.
can you start the coffee machine for me
would you replay please.
snapchat
turn off socket
stock price for apple
how can i cook pizza
mute the audio
train times to glasgow
movie times tonight
breaking news fox news
latest news feed from facebook
order me some chipotle
could you speak more softly
where can i use this word
how is the current traffic between
which new emails were received
learn to cut potatoes correctly
where is the closest sweet frog
search for pizza nearby
time difference between uk and us
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
foreign exchange rates
go to email and send message to
add event to date
read my grocery list
have i received any mentions on twitter
clear my day on the twenty ninth
catcha a ride
complain about walmart service
send response i will be there
oh no, you gave me not right information.
i want hot coffee
tell me everything about umf
book a ticket for the evening train line
i need coffee please preferably hot
how much meat should i buy to serve ten people
yes you have done it exactly.
this is a good song put it on repeat
can you pull up information on the singer of this song
clear my nine am alarms
put the song sung by shreya at the top
what is the news today
all lights has to be turned off during the day
tweet insight cable's customer service and tell them i have been waiting on hold for thirty minutes
complain to amazon customer service for me
would you try that words spoke one more time again.
what is the date easter falls on
turn the living rooms lights off
could you confirm what i just said please.
please remove the following list
michael jackson family background
how about playing a game of guess the word i'm thinking of
remove eric name
what is today's weather forecast
play radia
turn the music lower
decrease volume to very soft
say it once again please.
play a party music list
where can i get shawarma in this area
can you make it a little quieter
how much time is a train to there
cancel tomorrow's meeting
i want to hear what said again.
olly would you shut up.
tell me mary's cell number
convert current time from g. m. t. to est
set an alarm forty minutes from now
i would not mind, olly.
tell me random joke
i want to play poker with you
i am exhausted from work
tell me jokes
give me some funny facebook posts
what is today's day
dollar rate of philippiness peso
remove list of due payment of rajesh
olly i like you cancel it.
find a taxi service close to me
do i have any alarms for tomorrow morning
keep playing secret garden
lets hear wgrr one hundred and three point five
what day does april sixteenth fall on
forward email
is there anything happening in town this weekend
divide seventy six in two parts
show stock value of goog
what's new with the stock market
yeap good.
what time is my domino's order expected to arrive
how many euro in u. s. d.
what is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine
what is the correct time
inform about best circus near me
turn the volume up
start the coffee machine at three
show me my reminders
let me see cultural events for this weekend in palermo neighborhood
i want the light to be switched off
check my facebook notification
turn off on wemo outlet
let me know about the stock rate of a microsoft
did anybody post on facebook today
pause the audiobook
play the radio station rock one hundred and eight
where was marlon brando born
please tell em the list of trains to chicago via california
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
i like you check question please.
what are the prices to get to chicago on a train book the cheapest one
dim the bedroom lights to half
please stop for a bit
cancel wake up calls for this week
please delete the last song that played from the playlist
what song is this
notify me when the event is going to take place
what is three hundred and four plus one
i want to hear a yo mama joke
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
take it in hand
look up in contacts
how much is b. p. in u. s. d.
other songs by this artist
take grocery buying off of the list
what is the time difference between california and new york
read me my alarms
does bob live in france
book me a taxi to leith in half an hour
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
when is the third monday of this month
i want coffee everyday
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
turn the lights on brighter
what time is it in a city
lower the volume on the speakers
call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza
it's not the correct command.
make a calendar entry for next saturday at ten am please
please repeat that.
schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
i need some coffee please
please play only sad song in music player
email my friend about our plans tonight
i need a train ticket to rome book ticket
lets play chess together
update my inbox please
turn the lights off please
add toothpaste to my shopping list
locate nearby dining places
start a vacuum cleaner
any good bike shops in oxford
please will you speak once again.
when is president's day
hey olly make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
select and play only christian rock from one thousand nine hundred and ninety upwards
please shut off the kitchen lights
list of playback of ar rahman collections
create a new list for me please
people canceling iowa vacations over congressman's words
is this program is scheduled
this was not correct command.
make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled
when is my next appointment with dr smith
please shut off
best reviews restaurant in south sacramento
set an alarm for this eight hundred pm this evening
perfect response to command.
what is the best movie to watch this weekend
what events are happening near me
can i pick up my large order at pizza hut
would you shut up please.
add this person's email
when will the match start
you have got that exactly.
start playing from where i left off on the goblet of fire
how many jokes do you know
what music service has some soul music i can listen to
this is of no importance to me.
i would like you just cancel.
how many alarms do i have set for morning hours between six and nine am
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
ah that is great one.
how many kilograms is two hundred and ten pounds
nice to meet you
olly that's enough, stop it.
book please
what will be the time now in washington
please turn the lights off
please turn lights off
what does the list contain
start cleaning
it was wonderful.
is my work alarm set for tomorrow
what the highest likes on facebook
doesn't matter with me.
find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
whatever is good.
what are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox
how many oscars does morgan freeman have
fight me in street fighter
send a complaint to sony about this tv that quit working
i have my clothes list
explain further.
you have done it right thanks, olly.
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
i like jazz
send an uber to me right now
play subway surfers with me
find hotel order food name
i want to clean my bedroom put the vacuum on and go to my room
email my sister about mom's birthday jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
i need a taxi uber
appreciated, that's nice.
please be silent
yes amazing response.
turn program on xmtune
can you just stop it please.
what does settle mean
are there any new emails in outlook
post this on my facebook
please turn on my coffee pot
what time is alarm set for
that is right.
what day is easter
power yourself on
report alarm settings
add light
convert one euros to us dollars
that doesn't really matter to me.
whatever is okay for me.
schedule a meeting with al on tuesday
brew me some coffee
initiate polling for new email
turn on wemo plug in game room
take off the doctor's appointment on march twentieth
i can barely hear you
please give me detail one dollars equals rs
turn on the geyser
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
what is the square root of thirty six
find me news about trumps speech
what kind of event is happening around me
add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday
display my list
does restaurant royale deliver takeaway
sorry but i think you are not right.
repeat this list in random order
set a notification for june fifth every year
yeah great response to command.
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train
add something to my list
can you set the alarm for one hundred and thirty
resume mind reading book
my favorite singer is shakira
can you speak it again please.
play next reason podcast
s1, would you further elaborate to me please.
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
change my house lights colour to blue
is anything different today about blank
see if john is available for a meeting on Monday
does mary smith live on main street
what is my recent email activity
delete all my events for tomorrow
show todays reminders
tell me the recipe for yellow rice
remove tuesday alarm of nine am
that is unimportant, olly.
that's wonderful work, thank you.
mute for volume
hey olly make the lights a little dimmer
put shoes on my list
read list for me please
what does the analysts say about the new immigration policies
have i gotten any mail recently
want to wake up can you order a cappochino
i need to leave on the five pm train to rockville
what film should i watch
select the information on the contact
disable smart socket
all new mail
tell me what's on my holiday list
find an uber that can get me to the airport now
i want to go to mcdo
whats a good joke
call me an uber to the movie theater
tell me the names on the list
don't mind to choose any one.
what is a good joke
who sing we are the world
whats ten percent off forty dollars
tell me the details of the music playing
set the volume to low
queue up ymca
please activate my vacuum to clean the living room
play fmod
remove all upcoming events please
please i want to hear we will rock you from queen
notify me of the latest news on the stock market
does shibaru sushi deliver
what was the stock price for google yesterday
color the lights red
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
olly that is all, cancel.
let me know if anything happens on that subject
thirteenth june is a day of election result please set it
what is the meaning of the word sanctimonious
turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
send this message to @microsoft on twitter
shuffle music by aaron carter
want to play a game with me
what is the difference between yesterday's and today's stock prices for walmart
i would like you cancel it.
please turn off the lights in the bedroom
that is of no importance for me.
whats the weather now
play a game of chess with me
vacuum the mud room
review set alarms
what is a cookie recipe
please would you confirm detail.
start radio station one oh seven point five fm
tweet consumer service
dim lights in living room
does olive garden have take out
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
go back to animal farm
give me the details on elton john
what time does the train arrive
reduce the intensity of lights
can you make the room brighter
how many euros for one u. s. d.
what is the latest email from zita
what day of the week does the twenty second fall on this month
just stop please.
can you put on the giver
let me know the list
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party
raise the volume of the current music
please can you confirm details.
delete my next scheduled event please
my friend john has sent me a invitation card to his newly bought home say thanks to him in his mail id
i want to listen to the podcast of the super bowl this past year
hmm, i did not ask for this response.
i want to hear your last instruction you said again.
what's going on around here this weekend
what are departure arrival times for this train
ordering food
is there any construction on route sixty six
book a train ticket to mumbai for tomorrow
can you send an email for me to a new email address
include this
i would like it if my robot could engage in deep conversation with me
i want a nerd joke
what was the latest post
send an email to rohit saying i am busy tomorrow
oops, you're not correct.
search for nearby chinese restaurants
when is sunset
open uber
activate the robot vacuum
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
change lights from red to blue
is there a national holiday on fifth december
play music from where you left off
is fongs dine in only
does the nearby dominos have delivery
how long will it take to drive to long beach
get me the latest news of world
play football match for myself now
resume harry potter book five
would you tell me what i said one more time again.
make us a brew
i do not really mind, olly.
silent mode
honda stock price
tweet a complaint to local municipality
would you just stop it please.
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
convert one dollars to rupees
lower the volume to twenty
turn off the light of my bed room please
who is singing the song i am listening to right now
let me know today's date in american format
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
i don't think thats right.
remove john's birthday from the calendar
how is it outside
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
what new messages do i have
what time of day is it in london
please turn on the sean hannity show on am
my new work schedule list
you have done the task wrong.
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for twenty third march
show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
what is eighty seven minus fourteen
what alarms are set in the house
please play trivial pursuit with me
can you increase the brightness in the room
open grubhub
what is happening tomorrow
call an uber for me
give me the headlines from sky news
reopen groceries and add milk
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
i need a break start it after five minutes
add a new list
that's enough, just cancel.
send an email to george brown
would you please check what i last said.
help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies
is it Monday today
i want you to play the podcast
if it is noon in virginia what time is it in california
new messages
turn the smart plug on
wonderful response to command.
make the lights in the house red
it's helpful, appreciated.
please could you check question.
let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
switch the lights off
go to setting
calculate the travel time if i go to orlando by train
what is the time in china
which event should i attend in my area
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
what is the phone number for the nearest location of church's chicken
yeah you've got that perfectly.
delete last entry
what's the exchange between u. s. d. and cad
add carl's email to my contact
book a train ticket on the five hundred and two in fifteen minutes
please turn off my patio lights
announce a comment in facebook
i want an alarm for three today
how do i buy tickets for that
it is unimportant.
set my alarm for six am tomorrow
what are my newest emails
can you raise the lights for me please
remove the event from monday
show me the picture of the singer
do i have a number for jerry
save the email to my contact
i love that song who sings it
turn off lights in bedroom
ah that was great work.
i was not clear about your answer.
please tell me about upcoming alarms
please tell me the news
what information do you have on file in my information about bill
this does not matter to me, olly.
what is happening to my order
open note pad
find me train tickets
sunny in oslo
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
order takeout pizza from domino's for seven pm
will the weather be bad on Sunday
speak louder
what's the date is currently
start over please.
inform about latest scheduled events near my location
did my friend rohit posted something on facebook
give me the best pizza deals offered today
open davinci code audiobook
whats the time in denver
tell me what is in your list
go to the podcast and play the next episode in friends
what is zero divided by zero
what is happening in the area
brighten living room lights
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
i'm done with today's to do list
can you get me news from ny times
does not really matter to me.
what is worth doing around here
what is the root of 16
olly i would like you just stop it.
i need to get to bristol Friday night can you book me a ticket please
what is the name of this song
what is your age
don't really care.
save all songs from katy perry
take me to the huffington post website
please sound an alarm three hours before a scheduled event
dea guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
yes answer was confirmed.
definition for object name
is it going to rain on monday
tell me if anything important is happening on social media today
play the time machine by h g wells
make the lights a different color
i want the lights less brighter
it does not matter to me, olly.
please make a coffee for me
restart american gods
brighten the lights a little bit
kenny roger's lady play
can you look up and add john's old email to my contacts again
tell me the time now
how many dollars are in a pound
mute immediately
how high is pikes peak
wine shop
i would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
amazon deals
tweet to the customer service account of starbucks
what is the current time right now
what is the current exchange rate from u. s. d. to rupies
start up the coffee machine
please give me the latest feed updates
can i get takeaway from arby's
get me resume of newest release audio book
what does it look like
is it bumper to bumper
please would you repeat that.
find events in local area
get rid of the first three events in my calendar
date and time
remove the santana music list
what is the headline from today's morning local news
i want to hear this radio station now
set coffee to brew at seven am
doesn't matter.
what is the date and month today
please make some coffee for me
buy a train ticket to
thank you very much for listening.
remove apple from list
olly please will you shut up.
lists i have
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
what is available in your stock of lists
turn the vacuum on
tell me my latest email
tell me summary forecast microsoft stock forecast to thirty days ahead
i have a complaint
activate coffee machine
remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at seven hundred and forty five pm
delete the next event in the calendar
clear this list
which store's got the cheapest three pound beef rump
i heard ale just got married can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
make me happy
which stock markets have lowered in the past three hours
mark this song as a favorite
greg wants black coffee can you make one
doesn't really matter for me.
turn off the lights
start the audiobook file for where i left off in a tale of two cities
hey can you make it blue in here
resume last played audiobook
what song is playing
hey olly turn up the lights a little
provide what is there on the list
can you empty my calendar
put the last song on repeat
check my social networks
can you check and confirm detail please.
who sung this
what is my email from steve about
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
yeah wonderful response to command.
rephrase further on your response please.
need information about events before shift ends
i want to play blackjack
i like rock music
is there any grocery nearby
turn off the lights in the living room please
what time am i supposed to pick up john again
incorrect command.
tell me a joke about a man
where is steven spielberg living
does not matter for me, olly.
silence for two hours
how many shares of apple can i get for
please dim the overhead lights
add this email to my contacts
tweet a disgusted face about mcdonalds
just set me reminders about pending payment of children school fees
play random music
cancel my meeting tomorrow
remind me after a month
i need a drink
how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
these lights are too bright please lower them
cancel alarm for tenth of march two thousand seventeen
do i have any emails from robert
can i order take out from licari's
can you please turn off the light of my bed room
how can i contact this person
on my calendar are there any birthdays
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
resume audiobook please
that's useful, thank you very much.
play checkers with me
please try what you've just said again.
oh no, i didn't say it.
send email to cat that i will accept job offer
would you check my last question please.
turn on wfrn ninety nine point one
hey olly my the lights a little warmer
Hello book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
add email address iamironman@gmail dot com
olly can you please shut off.
play little women
turn my iroomba on
anything is ok with me.
do i have alarms set before six in the morning
resume play on my most recent audiobook selection
hey please provide information about events by the end of the day
please make me a coffee
turn down the volume
shut the lights off in my bedroom please
when was einstein's birthday
give me a company for playing football
i can't see anything
it's awfully dark here
switch the lights to off
can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee
when is my food going to be here
what is this person's contact information
remove my wake up alarm
would you please check and confirm detail.
can you please check my last question.
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
tell company their service is bad
play the bob and tom show
does mr t have a family
what is my schedule for june fourteenth two thousand and seventeen
how much does the fb stock cost
remember metallica selections for next time
remove seven am alarm
run the robot vacuum cleaner
when i want it to take down notes
how much later is new york than la
events happening between eight am and five pm today
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of twenty three march
speak loudly
what alarms are upcoming
remove my to do list
save this channel on pandora please
play latest reason podcast
get sia's cheap thrills ready to play next
make a new list for school supplies
please see see for me the alarms that you have set sunday morning
i need to book a train ticket to la
you have done a wrong thing.
delete my calendar
book me a taxi
what song is playing right now
can you give me the time in this time zone
how many cups in a quart
please can you confirm last thing said.
i want a train ticket from los angeles to phoenix
please try the things one more again.
make a call to
what are good movies playing now
please turn up the volume to twenty one
turn off the bathroom lights
how are stocks for google
you've got your understanding correcly.
please set a reminder for church services on sundays for eleven am
whatever would be ok to me.
make my collection mostly pop with a good bit of psychedelia
what's around me
can you tweet lif about their app crashing
lower the speakers
object identifier
when was born abraham lincoln
do i have a dentist appointment on monday morning
how can you get basalt
is there a connecting train from london to paris and what time
find me the smallest coffee shop in new orleans
did i set my house alarm
please let's do it again.
where should i go eat tonight
can you define this word
order a large plain pizza from mimo's for me
sorry but that was not the correct response.
keep quiet
it's excellent, appreciated.
search if the restaurant does take out
increase volume please
humor me
which day this week do i have plans
remove my car payment on the fifteenth from my calendar
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
could you please shut up.
keep playing the episodes in order
whats the name of the current song
where can i go shopping here
set the alarm to seven am for work
could you check it.
will the pizza be here soon
raise lights to full power
what does a baguette look like
order a pizza for me
at what time is my alarm set
give me recipes
are there any trips to location a provided by the train
would you shut off.
play for me jazz music
will it snow next week
you've done that right, olly.
whats the definition of indignation
put on the god of small things
start bbc radio
take item off list
what is this thing
how much money will i make for the week if i make dollars per hour and work twenty hours
tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
tell me a joke about chickens
vacuum the house
it is of no importance to me, olly.
enter atdfd@yahoo dot com into my contact list
turn off the lamp socket
vacuum on
i need to hear sound on my speakers
turn shuffle on music player on
put an order in for two pizzas from dominoes
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
what is the time in canada now
anything is ok to me.
olly would you shut off.
Is country better today or ten years ago
please reduce the speaker volume
keep reading
call domino's pizza
what's the weather forecast for today
is there anything new on snapchat
play station gx in the radio
thanks but i think that was not the correct command.
please put all the lights
delete my groceries list
call pf chang's to order me egg foo young
what are the list of things i need to buy today
mute sound on speakers please
add work email address
on mobile charger plug
in jaipur traffic level is high
play music that are classical only
find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
i'd like you to remember that i like this song
remind me of meeting five minutes before time
convert g. m. t. to ist
play jingle bells
book a cab to office for me
what is on the agenda for the four pm meeting with joe
what time is it on the east coast of the united states
my games to play in my phones
hey can you please make me a creamy coffee
could you please lower your volume
send an email to dad about the weather for the week
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
headline news for texas
whats the average temperature in mangalore for this week
do i have any pending reminder
what week of the year does the summer season start
show me the alarms i've set
send a complaint to my boss
lets begin buddy
please tweet a complaint about slow service at applebee's
s1, please elaborate further on it to me.
how would you describe a tennis ball
what is five divided by one
is there bad traffic on the highway right now
give me some health tips
today i couldn't find my phone
i do not want to use the socket anymore
book train ticket for this time
what is ten divided by five
play this audiobook for me
use google to show me how to cook
did trey sand any messages
turn off the nearest light to me
please tell me that one more again.
that's great one, thanks.
order pizza from domino's
want to play a game of trivia
find local shops
display trains going to antwerp after two pm saturday
what is charles's email
check my twitter notification
tell me about sean connery
the meeting with justin and katrina has been changed put it on thursday
can you activate the vacuum to clean the house
tell me what lists i currently have
change the station to eighty two point four
how was the weather this week
what's three plus three hundred and fifty five
my mail
weather forecast for this week
quiet time
broadcast the health show from the kitchen
jump to the next podcast
please check and confirm detail.
email friend
what is marketing
nearest restaurants available at this time
what is on my to do list
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
remove alarm of seven thirty am on monday
turn on kitchen light
can you set the living room lights to pink
open lyft
add new email to my contacts macs@gmail dot com
add five plus eighteen minus four please
tell me what happens when we die
start brewing please
delete butterfly clips from my wish list
show a new list
would you please confirm that.
can you tell me about the traffic
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
order a smoked meat platter from beanos
please explain the rice recipe
send message via email
can you tell me the price of google stock
please see if chili's has delivery
has it been a busy day
please will you shut up.
tell what is the value of sin thirty
remove finlee's bedtime alarm
lower the brightness
angry bird
how is the traffic right now
please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow ten in the morning
find radio
can you again clarify what you've said please.
olly please could you cancel.
stop after current song
olly can you please shut down.
remove pepper from my grocery list
is snap doing good after the ipo
i want to start a new list of power tools on sale at true value
what is the closing price of apple today
what do i need to make pot roast
play the radio music band
do you know about this lyrics
does john's pizza have takeaway
resume lord of the rings
where can i shop around here
what are the current lists i have
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
plants
lower the speak volume
please send a reminder email to peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt
repeating event meeting on mondays
what is twelve times eight
train ticket please
how has your life been changed by me
i need one cup of coffee
check and tell me the address of my friend alex
what is google
turn off wemo socket
who is the singer
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti
why are whales big
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
when is my order arriving
could you please check and confirm that.
play my play list
theaters near to me
please remind me about the event later five pm
please show me today's date
i like you confirm last thing said please.
the last friday of the month lands on what day
can you turn up the volume
s1, please again elaborate me about your answer.
how do i get to poughkeepsie from new york city
find my wife
what is the traffic now
what items did i plan to buy
tell me the current weather for danville il
i need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids
i need some coffee made
that's wrong.
fill me in on stock symbol
did ashwin joined party yesterday
can you please tell me who are you
vacuum cleaner start
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
meetings from twenty to twenty five june
every wednesday night at five pm remind me to meet phil
send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
it was cool, thank you very much.
it is great one, thank you.
what is the current time in london
please add contact email johndoe@yahoo dot com to john doe's contact information
give me the reminders
can you get me a train ticket to nyc
show me rediff masala
how many lists do i have in contacts
please find today's stock prices for samsung company
change the speaker volume to sixty five percent
please add an email for john doe to my contacts johndoe@yahoo dot com
what is two hundred divided by thirteen
what is the us dollar euro exchange rate
control lights turn off room lights
nope, it's not the correct command.
yeap it's confirmed.
what did kim kardashian wear to london fashion week
it doesn't matter for me.
what is the time at singapore when our time is five pm
do i have free time next tuesday to schedule a meeting
does pings have takeaway
what is the fastest route to town
find new email
let's play space invaders together
no, this is not what i am looking for.
set a thanks giving event for friday
set a timer at five am seven days a week
is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
what are listed
compose this email to this new email address
where is the event venue
are there any events schedule for this week
i like you cancel.
please turn on my door lock
how many emails today
remove all the reminders from the calendar
play sam harris please
what time is it in this city
please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
your answer was not what i was looking for.
turn off lights in bathroom
find stock price for name
send reply to joe
i need an email to be sent to comcastcom about my service issues
is trump tweeting today
will you replay please.
what asian restaurants nearby offer to go food
please would you speak one more again.
lighter shade on the lights please
train tickets for two people from delhi to mumbai
i like you just cancel.
stop seven am alarm
it doesn't really matter, olly.
please make coffee at seven am
start the radio
is the last order is ready
when will my chinese food be delivered
download the latest folk songs having rating of four star or above and play all without shuffle
i really enjoy this song
book taxi for now
how to cook yellow rice
how time is it
increase the light a little
look up what this word means
turn up the volume on the music
turn on my plug
what time have you set the alarm
in every three hours give me my facebook update
remove cart list
any one will be ok for me.
yes i like to save opinion on song playing and which player support that song
if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california
i would like to know the latest from nbc news
please find out of charley's steakhouse delivers
would you confirm the detail.
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
begin radio play
add item
thank you so much for the help, olly.
can you turn up the volume on itunes
how to cook that meal
find me the best knock knock joke on the internet
put working out on my calendar for eight am every day this week
turn off all lights
convert five s. d. to rials
what is the status on my takeout
take me to tnagar
turn off garage light
is there any chinese places in benton ar
what is the answer to two by two
what year what the eiffel tower built
i want the light switched off can you do it for me
let me know when it is ten
yeap correct response to the command.
get the next episode
open twitter and add complaint on doctor patel's feed
I need the volume to be quieter
please wake me up at seven thirty am
set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning
hey read any email to me
put the disco lights on
august fifteenth is what day of the week
what is the current traffic situation
take milk off my grocery list
please purchase a amtrak ticket from las vegas nevada to lakeland florida leaving on the first of april
resume series podcast
calendar event send invite bill malinda
kfi is my favorite rapper
add dr rosenstock as an email contact
what alarms do i have set
start the smart plug
play radio javan
is there takeaway at donut junction
minimize the light power
does this restaurant deliver
how many g. b. p. can i get for one dollar
when is my takeaway arriving
enable my plug
i want to play a game with you
show shops around second street
are there any interesting stuff happened today in my twitter
when is my train coming
i need to buy a train ticket
can you be my best friend
make the coffee
please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
when is the next train to b street
turn on radio now
locate local pizza shops
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
was my meeting today rescheduled
google the word
eliminate the list kickball but make sure the contacts remain
can you start the vacuum
book a train ticket from washington dc to savannah georgia
what is john's phone number
please would you cancel.
i want to buy over ear headphones with minimum frequency response of fifteen hz and maximum frequency response twenty two thousand hz
show me my alarms i have set
wake me up at six am
show me my playlist
do the restaurant deliver
are there any status updates on cnn news facebook page
can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston
what will the weather be like in austin on march sixteenth
olly i want you cancel.
hey i like music by sigur ros
yeap exact response to command.
when was Dolly parton born
good restaurants
tell me the latest stock of pepsi
tell me about medieval war engines
dim the lights at the living room
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
do you want to play solitaire
hi olly post my last clicked photo on facebook with title marry christmas
that does not matter for me, olly.
my events
switch on the radio
play the breakfast club
delete all lists
tell me about this week's weather
get coffee maker started for a fresh cup
hey do you know any jokes
post a complaint via twitter to cvs pharmacy
turn off the bathroom light
correcly.
show local events
did apple stocks go up or down
show todays events in new york
how old was elvis when he died
if you put a velociraptor and a hippo together what would happen
please increase the volume of the current song
that doesn't really matter.
find me a ride to the mall of america please
i was unclear about what you have said.
sorry but you have messed up the command.
please turn off the lights in patio
turn down the lights to medium
what are today's highlights from facebook
flag two day after this day as my holiday
i don't need the shopping list delete it
is traffic heavy
book me a train for the next available train
turn on vacuum
delete my next meeting
it is useful, thank you.
how do i contact charles
play music true love
yeap that's right.
how me the highest weather this week
can you find animal crossing
great response to command.
how's the traffic
best bar in local area
make it brighter in here
please update me the traffic status
is my order ready
please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
does dominos has a delivery option
confirm my last command please.
i need a gold class ticket on train number five using my credit card
play lady now
please tell me how many emails i have
taxi uber
i am sorry but i think it's not the right command.
what is the highest rated movie this week
stock details
where should i go this weekend
Get rid of my current alarms
turn bedroom lights off
tell me what is song is playing now
please check all new email of income tax department
please delete the contacts that i havent spoken to in three of months
is there anything i need to be aware of
what time is the alarm set for tomorrow
where is my food
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
can you please switch off the lights
that's all, cancel it.
add practice to calendar on feb four at king's park at two pm
this weekend what events are going on in seattle
yeap perfect.
play the next recording
modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead
play the jazz station
please put me your input to know my schedule
what's playing in the roosendaal cinema
list the latest apple stock prices
please turn on the smart socket
what is a banana
is there any alarm active
what is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro
plan me a holiday trip
do i have any new friend requests
remove the list please
yes you've understood that right.
how far is walmart from here
how is the traffic from home to work
directions please
is this song ed sheeran
please start me some coffee
u. s. d. position now
do not speak today
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
show list items
can i order out
how many emails do i have from work today
change my music player volume to eighty percent
badminton
lower brightness of lights
what are the latest photos on my instagram account
what artist is singing that song
what new emails do i have form amie
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
remind me everyday at two pm for lunch
facebook info
what is my next event
take out the milk from the shopping list
go back to the last episode in this podcast
info on lisa ann please
make me coffee in five minutes
repeat the current song
olly that's all, stop it.
i think you have done the task all wrong.
open radio
what's the latest on the travel ban
would you please confirm the instruction.
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
what's the best pizza shop nearby
tell me the trains from california to new jersey after eleven pm
see see for me the alarms that you have set tomorrow morning
what is the exchange rate between the us dollar and the aus dollar
have i set any alarm for today
if i have twenty dollars how many francs is that
remove six am alarm of whole week for future
what are the news stories on the cnn website
change light colors from blue to white
two thumbs down @companyname
Where is miami
yeap correcly.
have the roomba run the living room
turn up radio volume
play episode two of the intern
send a tweet to amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
yes fantastic.
you are smart.
what's leon's email
start podcasts on nfl
tell me about this person
play me a random audio book that has to do with love
clear all events from march seven
please dim the lights in the bedrooms
what is this music called
please turn the lights down
can you check last thing said please.
tell me joke
begin new list of lottery numbers
can you turn on pandora
i am not clear about your answers.
coffee please
did you get my last command correctly?
uh no, i think incorrect command.
current time please
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
erase next calendar event
does mcdonalds do takeaway
nine hundred and ninety nine fm is currently playing what music
order a pizza from pizza express
list to do
get local events
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
no, you gave me incorrect information.
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
did mom text me
route to melbourne
what time is the last train headed to chicago
where is my pizza from domino's at
current stock price intel
what lists are in my notebook
mention the stock price of hdfc
add an alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
dollar rate
where is the closest spot to order food for pickup
send a taxi to come pick me up from my location
what's the time in china right now
audio up
turn off the wemo plug socket
would you please shut down.
progress from the last paused point of my audio book
wemo plug socket turn on
make the lights off
turn the volume down a little please
send a tweet to apple that their batteries drain too fast
traffic alert
radio play nine hundred and eighty nine please
book a taxi at my home address for right now
ensure i have to get up at six in morning
how many miles in five kilometers
the song you are playing is amazing
please turn off all the lights in the house
please be quiet for another hour
switch lights to red tone
erase my grocery list
tell me about the current weather
give me the time in pst
show me nearby musical events
what is the traffic like right now
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
make a room darker
let me know about any alarms set today
dolores how was your day
don't bother.
is one divisible by three
list out my meetings today
find me the earliest train ticket departing friday morning to miami
send email to mom starting with the subject vacation
shit, i didn't ask for this.
olly please could you shut up.
please explain me about your words once again.
order me the fish risotto from the golden fork
how many of my contacts live or work in detroit
play the next podcast episode
hi what is happening in twitter today
add a tab to the shopping list
what is the latest headline news from this newsource
please order one train ticket to los angeles
please play next episode
i need to see if i got any new email
let us do it again.
evaluate today's schedule
erase that from my calendar
yes that is confirmed.
add mail id subject content
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
add cereal to my shopping list
what time does the train to place leave
please proceed to the next available rock song
i need to play sims
what are the next three alarms set to go off
volume louder please
retrieve the light for me
please make me wake up at four am tomorrow
enter this to a list
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
can you play call me by aretha franklin after this song is finished playing
please recommend a movie
turn my plug on
cnn world news
create a new list
reset all events in calendar
find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup
what is the result of two by two
yes you've done command exactly.
give me new york's current time
play me a radio channel for trance music
lindafancy55@gmail dot com
remember dinner on thursday at bistro italia
how is traffic from work to home
play any pop fm channel
can you pull up the dave ramsey podcast that aired on monday
delete event for tuesday
create new list for baby names
what is currently trending on twitter
change song
change color of lights
do i have any music by lady antebellum
replay this song i really like it
brighten light
may i know what is trending in facebook
tell me about alarms
delete item four
i've got a meeting by tonight seven pm please mute the music for an hour
tell my facebook group that i've arrived
can you play my favorite audio book of king kong
make an order for noodles one pack make it as takeaway order
does pizza hut have my order ready
raise the volume of my music player by fifty percent
go back to the midnight series
show up the events for me today
i have ten us dollars how many canadian dollars do i have
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
play tunes
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
put the lights off now
please start the podcast
begin playing the audiobook beauty and the beast
book a train ticket to new york
did i get an email from sarah
stop wake up calls for this week
please play next episode of bbc history podcast
please raise the light i am not comfortable at this
what music do i prefer
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
please change time zone to india
give me the details of friend
can i have cup of coffee
shit, not right.
just to confirm you set the alarm to go off at eight hundred
can you check train schedule to berkeley
i don't mind for any one, olly.
what events are in me area
start playing my song list
send a replay email
can you take off the next event on my calendar
am i busy on Wednesday evening
add apahelp@yahoo dot com to my contacts
get me some radio music from kamp fm
play chess
tell me a joke about dogs
will you explain me about the last sentence further please.
send an email to my mum that i will visit her next weekend
what was that one more time.
hey check emails
i can't hear just increase the volume
wake me up on Friday at five in the morning i need to catch the train
brighten the light of hall
i need you to set an alarm
switch off kitchen lights
who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting
tell me what is on my calendar for tomorrow
i like you to check it please.
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
how does it feel outside
olly set my alarm to go off in an hour
show me the recipe for cookies
do i have new emails from john
please play a podcast
what is frieda's home address
will you put on the music
run the vacuum cleaner
play true love next
tell me if five hundred and forty is subtracted seven time by twenty eight
play radio ninety five point five
how much is the us dollar worth in canada
play solitaire
please explain again to me.
increase
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
is there anything new on reddit
would you please confirm details.
slow the volume speaker
give me international news
meeting update my calendar to reflect meeting
wait, you've understood me not right.
give me some lavender toned light
what are my top played podcasts
i am really craving for chinese food right now please let me order take out
what is the list type
look up stock prices for my mutual funds and account
i want a train ticket
add broccoli to my grocery list
i want to order some food
whatever the next event is in the calendar delete it
set alarm for nine am
please turn the music up
cheer me up
i need coffee
what's my next appointment
get me the local train timing to destination cstm
please start the next podcast episode
i want to go to bank of america give me directions
remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
i want to hear radio head please
what is on this specific list
i like this song that is playing
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
what is traffic like right now
will you check and confirm command please.
time to sleep
please can you rephrase me further on your answers.
do you know how to cook risotto
send email to newmail@gmail dot com
vacuum the living room in ten minutes
give me the shopping list
i would like to have a sushi can you order me a lunch
disable my okug
i hate how long the traffic jams get
are you sure that is correct.
clear the list
what is the netflix stock price
well done,.
i like you stop it.
define a phrase blue sky research
please play red fm
which contact haven't i called in twelve months
send a confirmation email to sandy
is the birthday event on fifteenth of this month true
check that.
let's try again please.
tweet a complaint to apple about my iphone seven
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
play the song for me
delete the last line
could you tell me it once again.
i love to rock out with my sock out
please answer jean's email
define session
please play program on xmtune
please could you shut off.
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and japanese yen
how many tablespoons are there in a cup
change the light colors
are there any veg restaurants in phoenix
how many teaspoons are in a cup
check any mail from amazon
change the light color to red
what will the weather be for the next week
siri what is one american dollar in japanese yen
shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please
remember this email
which time zone are we in please change to current
i want to listen to treasure island by robert louis stevenson
what is the date today
id like to put in an order for some chinese food with hunan wok
that's not the right answer.
can you book a train ticket for my mother
what ingredient can be used instead of saffron
would you please check and confirm it.
respond back to the mail
silence
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
i think you messed up with my command.
what genre is most played on my music player
turn off the six am alarm for Wednesday
i would like it to be able to compute answer from search results like wolfram alpha does
what does a soccer ball look like
continue playing my audiobook
what do you do with my personal data
raise volume
Show chicken tikka recipe
please run the vacuum
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
skip to next episode
please try your last sentence you said once again.
play music now from radio plus
please play the song games by disturbed
volume down
what's a good movie that's out right now
please set alarm at five pm
send email to bill asking to reschedule
delete all scheduled events
how do you make sunny side up eggs
search for a train ticket to newcastle
look up for the residential address of my team leader
bring up all the runner lights
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
could you please confirm the instruction.
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
speak as loud as you can
what time is the party tonight
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order
i want to start war and peace where i left off
what is happening in delhi today
find me my dad's email address
set the alarm in my calendar events before five mins
please play the early franks sinatra stuff i have
could you explain the meaning of exorbitant for me please
wake me up at this time
i like you to confirm question please.
delete sherlock holmes from library
please remove the first list
prepare email for susan
play nine hundred and seventy one
show me the newest podcasts
please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code twenty nine thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
i want to hear purple haze
what is the day today
what does one plus
rise volume
i wouldn't know.
tell me a joke
turn on the rice cooker socket
open vacuum cleaner
now playing
fifteen plus twenty
olly could you please shut up.
repeat the last song again
light off
audio on
rate this song five stars and save the rating
how's microsoft's stock
thanks for the helping, olly.
i do not catch up with you.
what is next in my calendar
turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
can you speak quieter please
i need you to say that last information again but much louder
find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the us please
turn off shuffle
check all the new them emails and mark them star
save my contacts
play jazz from jennifer's latest album
is it colder than yesterday
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
save this song in my great songs category
plays the podcast from the beginning
i am so hungry and tired and i think i might order some food now
don't mind.
book an uber from my location to the theatre
what are the details on umf
send an email to qerwerq@hotmail dot com
what does a sea lion look like
define swerving
update work out list with new items
i want to hear what i've just said again.
send an email to jesse
show stock of goog
are there any alarms set what are they
what kind of lists do i have saved
order one pizza from pizza hut
can you just cancel it.
just cancel please.
open tic tac toe
am i free between six to seven pm
please make me coffee without sweetener
will the temperature be higher than forty tomorrow
you have to check out kfi he's the best
can you tell me the next scheduled event
what should i watch today
change this time zone to washington
please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie
my party list
i'm into music
this song was very good
turn off the living room light
when will by order from taco bell be delivered
do you know the definition of school
are there any traffic restrictions due to the president's visit
please check my reminders
what is a good way to make steak
get rid of item on the list
remove the first alarm
overall day
tell me about mary s. in my contacts
start coffee at six am
s1, will you please further explain me about what you said.
have i gotten any new emails from mary
i cup of joe would be nice right now
turn the security light off
things to do in my area
is the answer of five plus two seven
julie's information
one thousand two hundred and thirty pm already you will have a meeting in ten mins
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
turn on vacuum cleaner
speaker volume increase
bed room two lights off
how to make sausage
thanks but i think you do not understand this right.
please add an email to my contacts
please check the exchange rates of the us dollar vs the euro
any signs of rain
fix the driving route from here to grant market
i want to hear a good joke
how are things in the world
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
is hayden still living on turnpike lane
i need to go to dundee at five am on sunday by train
please tell me what lists i have made
i do not really know, olly.
skip forward
currency converter please
remember that this song is good but too slow to exercise to
the song makes me remember certain memories
book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
get the coffee started please
speaker volume decrease
play next on podcast
press play on the radio
create a new list please
Please turn off shuffle setting
let me hear a joke
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
what are the train times today
run the vacuum
what is the answer to this math question
what is the birthday of hemingway
tell me my friends most recent update
make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color please
how do i get to starbucks
what do you mean.
book me a train ticket for saturday
i want to finish listening to the book one thousand nine hundred and eighty four from where i left off
i would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
i was not so clear about your words.
seven times seven
rm rf calendar
is there any traffic on my way to work
i think that's not the right command.
where is a good wine bar near me
turn the lights up
what's the current temperature outside
turn off on the socket
whatever.
please let me know the what raj's status update in facebook
turn on some music
anything is fine to me, olly.
start robot cleaner
book an uber to the nearest mall in the next half hour
can you turn msnbc on in the car
i need some ambiance please
do i have any new email
hackernews
stock prices of rolls royce
create an alarm for today at ten am
how much is amazon stock
please create a list of due payment those who not received more then ten months
has the weather changed for wednesday at all
give me the update on traffic at new york
remove the alarm
turn off the room light
tell me the email address for aunt ruth
set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at five pm
are there any good pizza places around here
remove my morning alarm
remove noodles from the list
no speaking please
reminders
save the opinion that i just posted to this song
please can i know what time will it be at six pm here in australia
please turn down the lights to fifty percent in the den
what is the traffic condition of florida
how do i cook a meatloaf
check to see if my mom sent me any emails
Show me a traffic map from kamycka to dejvicka
play audiobook of jacob
i fancy some coffee now
show me nearby takeout restaurants
start audiobook the time traveller
is the traffic bad enough that i should leave early
instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in ten minutes
u. s. d. to g. b. p.
robot do the whole house now
what day of the week does the next holiday fall on
can you please confirm detail.
i do not get the last sentence.
tell me the funniest joke that was ever told
yeah that was fantastic.
how much is five dollars worth in euros
what on my play list
i would like to listen to this mornings mike and mike podcast
order me postmates of mcdonald
could you tell me about the alerts i have set
clear all events for this month
i don't like this light please show me other options
erase my appointment with ted
order a meal from a nice restaurant
tell me the soup of the day at panera bread restaurant
what is the current traffic in washington town
is there more traffic in canal street
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
please find me the pe most recent news on
get me tom's number
store opinion on song
please tell me the current date
olly please would you shut off.
tweet your waiting time sucks tag koc
please set the alarm for eight pm wednesday evening
don't make any sounds
initiate vacuum cleaner
delete all the events of today
where does joe joe live
play me news radio channel
get me two train tickets from where i am now to dallas arriving before dark
s2, i do not catch up with you.
increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
it's too bright in here can you turn a light off
how old is tom hanks
delete my meeting event for march nineteen at one pm
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
remove all the events in my calendar
order some takeaway food
enable cleaner robot
set the living room lights to fifty percent
please book a train ticket from london to manchester
does not matter, olly.
what is a work phone number of emilia
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
new policies
is my reminder alarm set for dance class
play next episode
please ring the wake up alarm at eight am next saturday
olly please would you shut down.
that is helpful, thanks.
is everyone on my facebook list watching the game
play poker with me
show me the alarms that are set
any alarms currently listed
cancel my three pm alarm
wemo plug socket off
can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing
tweet kohls about the cleanliness of their store
what a wonderful song can you save what i just said for me
what is the time difference between new york and lagos
hmm, i think not correct.
healthy foods
please remove dallas from my travel itinerary
nope, i didn't say this.
is it going to snow
what day of the week is it
turn up lights
olly will you just stop it please.
brighten the lamp next to the sofa
start the oven
i would not mind to select any one.
can you delete all events from my calendar
schedule a reminder on fifteenth march and input name as meeting
is there a way to clear my calendar
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
what is the latest news about obamacare
is michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant
change my light color to blue and please turn off the kitchen light
play me the new podcast from npr
does peking garden take orders over the phone
keep that song for when i need cheering up
what is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
will trump visit russia anytime soon
delete all events for the next five days
what movies are playing near me
please play my cricket game
weather forecast please
please remove this item from the list
does charley's steakhouse deliver
provide a joke
will I need a raincoat when I go to glasgow on sunday
whats a new sci fi movie
funny story
play npr on this station
how do i steam rice
bedroom lights off now
i saw a bulldog today
what is happening near me
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
lights at percent
color change of lights
thanks for doing that.
if i call mike in california at six pm what will his time be
exchange rates between dollar and euro
open my notes
please find out the share price of i. b. m. in nasdaq
i want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare
will you reset.
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
how often does the train arrive and depart from penn station
i think this was not the correct answer.
what are the scores from last night's hockey games
tell me the current time in san paulo brazil
please decrease the volume of this song
olly can you shut up please.
play songs by adele
olly would you please shut off.
respond to all that i am on my way
set list
it looks sunny and clear today is that true
i want to have a new playlist of songs
get contact
please turn the lights brighter
stock
request a taxi from udrive service
save this song as my favorite
find updates from vicki's facebook from mardi gras day
you understood the answer right.
are there any recent emails from rohit
help me book a train ticket
invite people to the calendar event
have any emails come in since four hundred today
what is the price of starbuck's stock
weather in home town
could you tell me what time it is
show conversion rate of u. s. d. and euro
can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at three pm time every week day
what is mary s.'s phone number
can the lights be turned up
please set alarm to my mobile phones
you have done it perfectly.
what are my available lists
tweet a complaint to amazon about late shipment
pull up outlook i need to send a email
increase light intensity
unmute the speaker now
is there anything special going on nearby
please open audible app and resume play
latest instagram posts
please add deodorant to my shopping list
did anyone message me on facebook
what is on the list for today
does that restaurant deliver
you are awesome, thanks.
can it takeaway from ammi biryani
new updates
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
remove a list please
can you please make a coffee
will traffic be good when i leave in five minutes
what genre of music is in my music folder
can you shuffle the light colors in the house
what events are happening in los angeles
just add a new email in my contacts from michael
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
book me an uber ride to go home
that is all, stop it.
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
ask me an arithmetic question
can you get me train ticket prices please
please turn up the screen brightness all the way
can you turn off the smart socket
what day of the week is my birthday this year
i like the background song
how much can i bleed before i die
do you know what day it is
start the satellite music feed
play golf
what is time now in japan compared to usa
mobile shop
my day was so busy
switch off the smart plug socket now
please order take from jason's deli
new list
how about you save this music
is it true the gym is seven miles away
tell me more about that concert
turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee
by switch off
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
i like top forty music
start making a coffee
turn on shuffle
set a reminder for fifteen minutes to change laundry loads
get me an uber
Please lower the volume
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
book train to london
keep me up to date on the election news
set an alarm at six in the morning
i would like to hear that information spoken again.
let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
mute for the next hour please
s1, rephrase me further on it please.
let's play checkers
what is the weather for this week
i need to know what is the date today
it's too dark i can't even see my hands
can you tell me what an chaise is
is gus's a take out place
what music is this
i am sorry but i think you are not right.
turn room lights off now
set the event to recur on the first monday of the month
search for new jokes
add grocery shopping to my to do list
say some jokes
have the vacuum cleaner clean the room
olly i said call jack not jake.
oops, you did not get me.
what street do i take to get to downtown
tell me john's phone number
what are all my lists please
weather this week
what's the closing price of apple
i want to read yahoo news
show me podcasts
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
please turn on my vacuum cleaner
play a game of contra as a second player
book a train ticket from orlando to chicago
it's useful, thank you.
lower lights please
find apple pie recipe
what's going on around the neighborhood
i want you to go to hot one hundred and five on the radio
turn on the robot vacuum
show me the dim colour
could you tell me again please.
list shops in douglasville ga
what movies is kevin spacey in
i need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
what's on my list
what is the square root of forty two
start pandora
resume story
read the ticket for tesla
checkout top restaurant near me and order shahi panner
repeat what i've just said please.
is there any new news on trump
is it true the hanging tree really had someone hung from it
i like r n b
you are hero, thank you very much.
reply wishes to john by email
would not mind to select any one, olly.
whatever would be good to me, olly.
there are anything in my list
i like jazz you should know
book me a taxi for one pm
turn on the roomba for me
prepare to send an outgoing reply message
is mary smith in my contacts list
what goes with risotto
the song touches my heart
send an email with the address you gave me to jean saying meet us here at eight pm
order a latte from starbucks
what music is playing
report what is new in my email inbox please
that's enough, stop it.
what lists do you have on you right now
please check last thing said.
turn on console
can you play my latest audio book
can you get me a cup of coffee
turn my morning alarm on
i want to hear chopin now
add my car payment on the twelfth in my calendar
open train ticket app
what temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
turn the light off
complaint on service provider on my twitter
which is the best place to visit in this month
can you please tell me what i have on my list
can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed
remove upcoming task
move to next episode
show me the events in my work calendar for next week
play an fm
what song in the theme song for frasier
send email to gary
how many legs does a dog have
what traffic is there on the route to the pittsburgh airport
show me my emails from the past hour
is there any rains predicted for bangalore today
what does a beech tree look like
olly can you just stop.
please can you confirm the question.
what type of event
it doesn't matter to me.
remove my shopping list
retry it please.
play scabble with me
nope, incorrect command.
check on the delivery of my current order
start up bejeweled
what is four plus five
how many numbers are saved for alex
searching for any special holidays for us country
please give me detail of one yen equals dollar
play music by taylor swift
can i get the time
i don't want to attend the dinner on march first any more so could you remove it from my agenda
take out event from calendar
i couldn't hear you repeat that louder
do i have a meeting today
please remove item a from my list
i'd like a coffee please
find an uber on twenty ninth
make me coffee
what pubs are close to me
show me upcoming programmes on one hundred and five point one
what is clint eastwood doing these days
want to have vibrant colours
hey reply a mail which i received
make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
turn off my alarm
find songs from my big band playlist
please will you further clarify me on that.
what would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner
let me know the weather for today
could you speak that once more.
i'm not doing thing this week
can you turn the lights up
i want to see the news
tell me the simple interest of seven with interest in two year
what are the latest tweets on my twitter account
i want to hear what you have said again.
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
share me a joke
try to play old nineties classic music
look up movies near me
buy a train ticket for one week from now from new york to las vegas nevada
can you confirm the details please.
will you shut up.
add wine to list
tell me amd stock prices
lower the overhead lights
increase brightness by twenty percent
what do i have on my shopping list
did linda connors reply to any of my emails this morning
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
what is the best mexican restaurant in seattle
lower the intensity of light
make me coffee now
myspace
start from my last session of joes book
convert new york time to london
how effective will be to buy nike stock
what is the current time in lagos nigeria
what is happening with brexit today
email my mother
book a rental cab of uber
how old is joanne
please let me know where david is travelling
does vocelli's do takeaway
what are john's contact details
volume control
i would like to play tetris
stay quiet
please send a notification when john replies
what went on in the world today
robot vacuum the hallway now
please open blokus game i would like to play with you
start a grocery list
would you stop.
i've cancelled the order placed at mcd did it go through
how long should i cook chicken for
send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on saturday see you then
place a take out order at olive garden
fix an alarm
turn on repeat
update me on my emails
can i get a train ticket to chicago for next saturday around noon
find me the local npr station
reshuffle and play music
i want to and my email address
send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
the radio should play only on nine hundred and ninety nine fm
i need the lights in here to be turned up to seven
turn off one light on porch
play for me the game candy crush
turn off the socket
check if alarm is set for six am
put alarm at five am
turn light off
am i on vacation this week
create a meeting event in my calendar
exchanges rates any problems
display exchange rate of euro to indian rupee
can you please order me some mcdonalds
where jackie chan currently live
is a peso worth more than a dollar
olly cancel yoga alarms
set my coffee machine
i want some curry to go any recommendations
switch wemo plug socket off
do i have any off days this week
get me directions to meijer
i want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey in five sentences
play lady by kenny roger
i no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
check emails from gary for last hour
reset alarm
does pf changs accept takeout orders
can you play file
i want you to book a train ticket for me
how many notifications do i have on facebook
what day of the week is the twenty second march
please play the next episode in the podcast
i want to listen to soft rock
email my favourite contacts
lower volume to half
delete mike stein from contacts list
yes the command is confirmed.
please can you cancel it.
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
i need a reminder alarm at one
play for me the music by the beatles
switch off the lights
it seems like the answer was not correct.
will you please check and confirm detail.
increase the brightness in this room
social media updates
what day is the meeting on
that was not what i meant.
change color of the light to red outside the house
i need to send an email to michael
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
book a train ticket for tomorrow going to new york
turn on the vacuum cleaner while i am gone
time and date of today
tell me about the sports stadium
what are the new rock radio stations
find me a podcast on wrestling
set event on recurring
what is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros
book a taxi for me
forward the mail to new email address
describe rock sand
hey i want to get trains to manchester on Wednesday
wake me at seven am
ah it was great one, olly.
what movie should i go see
i need you to be quiet until tomorrow
olly i want you stop.
show news of migration
have i gotten any new emails
delete my list
how long should the drive to work take
hello what time it is now
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
reply to john's email today saying i will be late
what is my wife's email
can you turn off the lights
do you serve for home delivery
please tell me some international news
search for the correct game
please update my grocery list with one gallon of two percent milk
tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
what are the train times between eight am and ten am at east chicago station going west on sunday
it's too dark here
what are todays top podcasts
how long should i cook a steak to be medium
display address of john
turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
please call the golden fork and tell them to deliver one portion of the fish risotto
cancel my seven am alarm
delete this from list
move to the next episode of hipsterhood
did the price of walmart stock go up or down
do i have any new emails from my dad
edit list
end pause on audio book history of rome
switch off all lights
clean the flat
i did not say it.
yeah get that correcly.
add dentist appointment for friday at five
switch off the power
what is starbuck's stock worth
get me a ticket to boston
pause the book
what did you mean by that.
have remainder of the program to listen
off all the lights on the right side
add that song to my top ten favorites list
yeap fantastic.
i do have a to do list for today don't i
locate the email to giant eagle and put it into my contact list
yes good response to command.
what music genre do i play most
what's my next alarm
tweet british airways that my last flight from chicago to london was delayed
play the song get happy by ella fitzgeral
please clarify once again.
prepare my morning coffee
hey olly have you heard any funny jokes lately
give me the latest updates
book me an uber
please show my list
i was not clear about your response.
go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection
does not matter to me.
really wouldn't mind.
remove alarm of six am on tuesday
where do people shop for clothes here
recommend an event happening in my area
find transportation to rome
what's worth watching
that does not really matter with me, olly.
have no idea regarding to what to do.
check my to do list
you are helpful, appreciated.
oh that's good, olly.
switch to red colored lights
quick meals
wrong i will repeat the command now.
show me all scheduled alarms
disable shuffle
do i have a new email from sandy
keep the socket in off condition
unmute after
read out the list
decrease the volume to ten
I'll take my coffee, black
is there anything i need to know before i activate the robot vacuum cleaner
how long should i cook a hamburger on each side
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
set an alarm for five minutes from now
would you explain further on it to me please.
do i need to undertake any particular activity during my stay at the yellowstone national park
stop repeating this song
please make sure your command was correct because it doesn't sound right.
resume play of american gods
ticket for delhi
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
set a reminder for tomorrow evening
increase the volume a bit
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
nope, you are incorrect.
meeting this friday
hi i want to order fried chick with white sauce
on twenty third february rahul will come with me on india cricket match
the command was confirmed.
send a reply to mike with the answer four hundred and thirty from his email he sent this morning
what is mary s.'s birthday
what's up with my order
set an alarm at six am tomorrow
i want to eat some spicy thing
i will talk to you later on.
where should i go for mexican food in me area
tell me the movie with best imdb ratings going on in theatres near me
i like you stop.
please check this companies stock
make the living room blue
show me pancakes
i need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
this doesn't really matter to me.
skip to the next podcast
book a train ticket from canada to las vegas
isn't keith urban wonderful
you have done your understanding correcly.
please change color of light to pinkish
please save my rating on this song it is five stars please
check email for otp sent by my bank
lights out
how old is betty white
set alarm for reminder
what do you get when you multiply sixteen by nine
reduce the lights
you have done command exactly.
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub and set it to be delivered at five pm tonight
adjust media volume up
book a train ticket from here to charleston west virginia at eight am today
play the book which i heard on some particular day
which lists are present in the notes app
did you receive this person email
answer the email
please remove my next event
book ola for airport today evening
i need more milk
reply the email of charles with just thank you right now
please turn on all the outdoor lights
order chinese from china spring wonton soup and a small beef and broccoli
what's the pound to dollar exchange rate
hey olly inform me about latest picture updated by priya chopra on instagram
remove the next event on my calendar
does the nearby pizza hut deliver in my area
tell me the area code for jen k
i would like to hear heathens by twenty one pilots
what is the best shop restaurant around angel
listening song of arijit singh post it on my facebook account
reply an email to jason that i will not come tonight
when i get home can you please order a pizza
get command exactly.
remove that item
does my calendar say i'm free on april one two thousand and seventeen
play snake with me
please tell me about the historic facts about india
silence volume on speakers
where can i find this song
what's the time in new york
hey sound is low can you tune it up
turn off my smart plug socket
i want to hear this podcast
does ming ten do take out
please check episode number thirty nine
wouldn't bother.
what's the weather this week
are any of my new emails from amy
turn the speakers down to five percent
i need a train ticket traveling to new york in may
remove the grocery list from my active lists
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
turn up volume
show todays events in ny
delete an last event reminder of twenty ninth of march twenty seventeen
what is hair made up of
what time are my alarms
i need you to add this email in my contacts
increase volume to fifty percent
how about the latest news
goddammit.
olly i want you cancel it.
please tell me what day this event reminder is set for
let's play fmod
please make the room brighter
play national public radio
i do not know, olly.
turn off lighting
do i have any alarms set
load sirius and play a rock and roll show
do i have a meeting on saturday march twenty fifth
i would like my to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
i can not quite catch up with you.
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
add new item
raise the lights
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
just let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
define god
turn on the vacuum now
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
clear all events on my calendar
play album audiobook
how do i cook meatballs
i'd like you confirm the question please.
make an alarm for three pm
switch off the wemo plug socket
change the color of the light
turn off the upstairs bathroom light
will the restaurant deliver the order
save my last playlist
remove vegetables from the list
change light colour to blue
open games
begin a new list
get the roomba to clean up
open derek's contact information
delete that item
rock
how is the exchange rate for microsoft
please check my gmail for new mail
how long do i roast chicken breasts
please turn up the speaker volume
get us spaghetti from pizza hut
i want the speakers turned up high
play my video game news podcast starting where i left off
set to mute
order pizza
lower volume
please cancel all alarms for tomorrow
delete all recurring staff meetings
go to radio
can you order me some pizza
play my motivational playlist
what's going on tonight in sacramento
repeat music
how do i make meatloaf
what is the time in hyderabad
if idle then turn off else turn on
will you please rephrase me further on that.
i want you to remove the item from the list
how much would it cost to buy a share of target
it is ten am in eastern standard time what time it is now it pacific standard time
please be quiet
i want to drink coffee
will there be snow tomorrow
i want to hear this week's midweek motorsport
how many american dollars are in a euro
it was nice job, thank you so much.
shut up.
which is the next event coming up
does pink have a new baby
is the sun gonna shine in devon this weekend
that was helpful,.
update on email
get more information on geographic information about this place
i would not mind for any one, olly.
train to athens how to
please turn off the light of the bathroom
save this post about the song that i just listened to
turn on the tv socket when i arrive home
write an email about next week weather to my wife
can you tell me what twenty five percent of two thousand one hundred is
book my chair class ac train ticket from manhattan to new york
taxi now
olly's command is incorrect.
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
current currency rate
figure out what percentage thirty is of one hundred and sixty three
it's amazing.
does brick grill deliver
add grocery shopping to today's to do list
are there any good social events happening in my area
today how many alarms do i have set
call mom
what high school did halley barry go to
add ashley to the wedding invite list
can you change the light colors in the house
what's some upcoming events i might want to go to
say the last one said again please.
show exchange rate of u. s. d. and inr
newest world news
musch appreciated, that's good.
show mobile number of john
can i know what i on the list
olly that is enough, cancel it.
would you elaborate again to me please.
i am unable to hear you can you speak little loud
what is a funny joke about car
yeah that's confirmed.
add event baseball practice five pm tonight
what is the seattle city council doing about homelessness
cancel alarm
today is which date
create packing checklist
what's going on
open calendar and erase all events for all months
do you have the mailing address for the electric company
what are new drama movies opening this weekend
i like you just cancel it.
dim the garden light by half
please you don't speak in eight to ten pm
activate vacuum
remove mike stein from contacts list
alarm ten am
meeting july calendar
help me to mute my speaker
what clothes store would you recommend here
tell me where i can go shopping in this area
i want to order some takeaway food
yeah it's confirmed.
i would like to hear the theme song to this is us
will you do it again please.
what are my alarms
play wuthering heights from where i left off
where is stonehenge
latest updates
get rid of mike stein from contacts list
tell funny things
how heavy is traffic now in denver
how long until i receive my food
show me a spaghetti recipe
what alarms have i set for tomorrow
that was useful,.
bring up twitter to target customer service
find a ride to the bar
turn on spotify shuffle
cup of coffee please
good food
check all cab companies and get a time booked for three pm
please create a new alarm
how hot is it in quebec
start a takeaway order for me
make an alarm to help me remember
s1, please explain me more on your answers.
louder volume please
find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
is this the correct area code for my boss
find me an uber
olly shut down.
turn on the smart charger
if a pencil cost four dollars and a book ten dollars cost how much i should pay if i buy two pencil and three book
hi what is the hot topic in facebook
read that list back to me please
oops, i think this was not the right response.
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
can you play monopoly with me
can i get takeaway from pings
add contacts n mail
set my alarm for six thirty in the morning tomorrow
crabmeat recipe
please play football with me
turn on the local radio
search the item
what stores have clearance
i like you check it please.
start the vacuum at nine am
turn cleaner robot on
what's still on the list
checkout today third set alarm
isn't it a lovely song please save this for me
your volume is too high please repeat that lower
set notification for news on the stock market
tweet freedom pop customer service i am dissatisfied
what is the definition of god
i have a meeting with al on march twenty first at ten
what's the next thing on my list of appointments
how far away is the sun
is there any train plying from pune to mumbai tonight
be funny for me
brew my coffee
search the contact
check the status of my order
tell me joe joe's home address
delete last item listed
what rihanna is doing
jlo fan updates
what time does the train from new york come in
activate robot vacuum
i'd like you cancel it.
can you confirm it.
display date
what's the change in best buy stick
play for me the game temple run
how is the traffic in broadway street
let us try it one more again please.
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
what is that on the list
add my opinion to this song great
whats the best place to eat near here
give five stars to this song
tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today
play chess with me please
find my email for date
help me start my kitchen list
i would like to have a cup of coffee
let's hear ninety two point one
make me a cooled coffee
email chris add following content sorry I will be late today
add every girl life by evelyn mayer to the must read list
play any country music station
post new status
wake me up at five am this week
definition of velocity
pause the music
play for me the game star wars
is there any carnival taking place in our area
tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job
checkout today set alarm of ten am
draft an email to kailey about work later
yeah you've got my instructions right.
i need a naughty joke not to naughty though
please have vacuum go for one hour
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
report the time in miami
make my lights blue
look up information on mount rushmore
hello beef up the volume a little bit
are there any traffic delays
change the lights in the living room to green and red
show me train tickets
what time is it in the other time zones
save this song as a favorite
what's happening on social media right now
please add smithjoe@email dot com to the contact information for joe smith
give me the most recent stuff you have angelina jolie
how is the traffic presently near central park road
create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
what is level of traffic at washington
add a five am alarm in place of my nine pm alarm
play that podcast please
reply to the email received from mark
latest reminder about meeting
plan a meeting in office with all employees tomorrow morning at eight
you've done that correctly thanks.
what events are this week
turn the lamp off
set brightness to fifty percent
add the item to a list
when will you do my laundry
can you remove that on my calendar
will you speak one more time again.
resolve this thirty twelve
call me a taxi to the airport at five am
would you please check to see if i've set my alarm for tomorrow morning
thanks but you have understood this wrongly.
play the health show on the television in the living room
event remove
remove my meeting today at one pm
power on wemo
can you start the coffee
am i gonna hit traffic
increase the volume to max please
good response to command.
check what said.
when did dave matthews email me about the contract
find list in my pda
play a podcast about latest yoga videos
name the lists available
what can i do for fun under dollars around me
lower the lights in the bedroom
would you like to play a game
once again explain your answer.
delete the old playlist and create new
what song do i listen to the most
would you shut off please.
schedule an alarm to wake me up after three hours
get me a car
i think you did a task all wrong.
i want you to delete my shopping list from last month
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
which alarms are set in the phone
i would like to know the meaning of word
increase lighting
any important notifications
book a train ticket from baltimore maryland to new york new york
does not really matter with me.
find me a description of morel mushrooms
any one is okay to me.
search jack in contacts
switch on the vacuum cleaner
give me a movie for tonight
disable alarm for three pm
switch off the light on the left
olly can you shut off.
yeap perfect response to the command.
play new songs by barenaked ladies
exchange rate between dollar and mexican peso
can you look up train ticket prices for me
play music playlist
remove this list from the others
erase that item from my list
is the weather bad in new york right now
whats the traffic density in
prepare coffee now
order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms from pizza hut
it should spices
add a item
how many new emails since i last checked
what genre is this song in
please add note to this file good tune
select the contact
refresh email
please let me know the alarm kept for tuesday's meeting
what's hot social media topics
get the cleaning on
show ana number
do they deliver
i need a high volume
change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red
is the traffic free in some particular road
change your colors to green
set an alarm for five hundred and thirty
can you define conservative politics
start robo vac
please see if the restaurant chili's has delivery as an option
delete my dr k appointment in march
explain further on last sentence to me please.
i finished my to do list
deactive the socket
are there any new emails from robert jones
will you please check it.
don't talk until i ask you to
hey olly tell my today's top news
will you please check and confirm it.
set coffee maker to start at three
please ask mr coffee to make a latte
please play the local latin music channel on the radio
please tell me a joke
can you give me the latest sports news
cooking recipe
please check if paradise does takeaway
compile information on the data breach
i have no idea for which to select.
where is russia located
when does panama city mall open
please slow down volume of speaker
produce a new register
can you remind me about the gym class in two hours
could you check and confirm detail please.
what is on this list
explain photosynthesis
yeah amazing response.
what times are my alarms set for
more lights please
book me a train ticket to newcastle
add event book club debbie's house wednesday night
lower the lights please
you didn't get it correctly.
you've done it right appreciated.
what is john's last name
what's around tonight
i need to book a train for tomorrow to go to new york
please can you shut off.
don't care.
email co worker about work project
what is my list
start spider
send this message to the family group starts with a
i want to order chinese takeout
i want to hear play that funky music
please delete list titled kickball
what alarms did i set today
can you make me some coffee
today's local events
can i order take out food at this time
shut down sps
uh what does the current date happen to be
how many bots are in a dollar
how do i prepare all my food for cooking
checkout today alarm of meeting
scratch that one from the list
can you place the sound on mute
change the color of the lights
i need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown
latest events
off the plug
check in a taxi for booking
switch off main light
what highly rated movies are playing this weekend
what is today's weather in springfield
you've done it correctly thank you.
s2, i was not clear about it.
give me the news on donald trump
change light colors
what is your mother language
how old is cher
how is my inbox looking at the moment
turn on the lamp
what can i substitute butter with
great work, you did well, olly.
give me the morning news
please start the vacuum
i don't really mind to choose any one.
describe a tomatillo
are there any events on my calendar for this week
coordinate all pop song genres
tell me that once again.
what is my most played song
tweet this tweet coffee was too hot and at this company costa coffee
did my mom send me an email
today i had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart play me a nice song to the mood
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
start playing american gods where i last stopped
what restaurants are open near me
turn off smart lamp in den
it's coffee time
take note of today as my first date with bob
i think you have made a mistake, please rectify this.
add appointment to list
remove emma's birthday from events
tell me distance between sun and moon
yeap you've got your understanding right.
let me know when my meetings are on monday
clean my house
charges of delivery
write a tweet to this company
do i have anything planned for the twenty first
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
describe a rotor
do have any new email
s2, i am unclear about it.
please cook me a hamburger
please post happy birthday usa on my newsfeed
what is the nearest theatre that plays the new vin diesel movie
@nikesupport i need some assistance regarding some shoes i bought last week
you are awesome,.
whats the stock price of apple
what is the time for the eastern time zone
change light color to blue
any one is good to me.
get city cab here to airport
does not matter.
what is the name of that song that just went off
dim my light
two thousand and seventeen movies
i need you to book a taxi for me
can you play acoustic music with no commercials
play it after five minutes
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at seven am
traffic
up the brightness on these lights
bring back talking after
get me to the nearest train station
remove the sms recipient which have initials s
what are movies that are playing near me with high reviews
correct response to the command.
get the roomba to start cleaning
when is madonna's birthday
which week is twenty third
uefa european championship
are my contacts mostly female or male
show me the current traffic nearby me
please put bread on the grocery list
how much australian dollars one can buy for one pound sterling
play the most current episode of levin
tell me about price of stock for innova
remove alarm
please set the equalizer in the party mode
remove any kind of list
i can't get that.
order a pizza with sausage from domino's
olly please could you just cancel.
free home delivery
when will my alarm go off in the morning
find a shop that sells beer
i need to set up a meeting with the ceo tomorrow
please empty my calendar
decrease the volume
record the opinion of each individual about this song
let's have a warm glow in the front room
what is the temperature today
how is coca cola stock doing today
set the alarm for tomorrow five am
turn up the brightness
play my favorite radio station
did you get the last thing said correctly?
rewind the episode of podcast
play the next episode of the BBC tech podcast
it is dark
what's the name of the piece you are playing
Show latest events around new york
please play back some important points summary
what is happening this weekend
i want you just cancel it.
do i have any new entries in my inbox
search schedules for this week
show traffic in ohio
i would like to mute the speakers please
i like songs from
when did i place my order and what was the projected time it would take
please delete the wednesday evening alarm
please will you confirm command.
can i see the previous episode
remind me to go grocery shopping today
alter the color of the lights at home
describe joe for me please
give a hand to this game
resume the last kingdom for me
start my most recently played podcast
do i have any events scheduled today
bedroom light off
what time does thor start
play super mario brothers game with me
currency conversion of u. s. d. and eur
turn socket off
down the volume
how much traffic does atlanta georgia usually have
should i take an umbrella today
bring up facebook and wish a happy birthday to the country usa
please can you check that.
remove grocery list please
resume the art of war
does my co worker have a home phone number
how many lists do i have
show me the list of alarms
s1, could you please again rephrase me about what you said now.
i like to be it
please read out all the alarms that are set
please turn bedroom lights off
Show me news from cnn
what date is today
do i have an alarm set for tomorrow
i need help making pancakes
have i received any emails from beth
olly just stop please.
what is the date and time
please keep everything i have on this song
it was amazing, olly.
book a train ticket to charleston west virginia eight am
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at five
latest updates on syrian civil war
new scenario time or calendar to new list
start vacuum bot
turn off plug
check the traffic to our home
start words with friends
can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at ten am time
it's dark in the living room
what is going on today in biloxi
well done, appreciated.
resume audio book history of rome
play the latest song adele
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
turn the lights blue at three pm
movies making money
how much is the us dollar versus the pound
what song is currently playing
olly that is all, just stop it.
switch off light
i need you to start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
increase the volume please
mute the speaker please
can you try the last one spoken once again.
find me the oldest hotel in washington dc
what is motorola going for today
i want to hear what i've said again.
please create a new list for me
you are helpful, thanks.
will you dim all the lights
what's happening in news express
what is the biggest blockbuster this week
read me some more deadly death killers
quiet please
add this email to my contact
cancel alarm for tomorrow
would you go check my emails for me
status for the pizza delivery from pizza hut
s1, explain more on your response.
tell me the weather for this week
how much is dollar worth in persos
it's useful,, olly.
make sure bread is on my grocery list
brighten my bedroom light
can you please download my podcast file available in internet and play it once
describe the statue of liberty
could you calculate five plus five
who is the better half of obama
let's play never have i ever
start the podcast over that i started last night
add appointment in the list
what is twelve plus one hundred and ninety six
oh no, you've done the task wrong.
can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
give me the headline news
can you make dinner for me
lower lights down
what is the time in india when the time in us is twelve pm
play the latest games
road traffic
check for this mail in my contact if not then add it
set a new alarm for that time
customer service from microsoft never called me back
fresh list
please retweet this post on twitter
the twenty second is on what day of the week
rewind button
i want to hear the radio
was this song in the top twenty
put the news on bbc
book me an uber please
are the streets congested right now
what events are coming up
google i need one train ticket to new york can you book that for me
yeah great response.
tell me how to cook pasta
what is the square root of ninety seven
where does fred work
did you get what i just said correctly?
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
how do i subtract four from two
please make me a cappuccino
ted talks
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
the current news
where's the closest zoo to where i'm at
what is the date for next tuesday
where can i shop as a local tourist
what movies are playing at carmike cinemas
show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
please tell me what a crankshaft is
please list the available rain trips to location a
title of song
is traffic light
uhh no, i did not say this.
hi there do you offer home delivery for orders
current forex rates
order me a cheese burger from tommy's burgers
yeap amazing response to the command.
any recent news about north korea
i'd like to send a reply
find the nearest olive garden that has take out service
are there any accidents on harvard
can you book a train ticket for my father
at one pm today start the robot vacuum cleaner
open radia
please alert me to the time
system pull any traffic news for my commute
excellent work, you have done well.
hmm, it is not what i wanted.
did you set the alarm for five am
has anyone commented on my status
what does the traffic look like headed to la
book next ny train ticket
awesome work, you've done well.
angry bird play
lights down
tell contact mobile number
can i have an espresso please
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
when is easter in the year two thousand and eighteen
save information about love of beyonc
start play johns audiobook
what is john smith's number
the song in background is cool
continue onto the next podcast
can you find my lists
what are the upcoming reminders
Show geographic location of pyramids
please delete this event
add this song to my catalogue
give me the stock price for tommy hilfiger
where is the closest uber
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
unset all alarm which is set
anything interesting happening next friday
got the answer exactly.
can you please read the my mom sent this morning at ten am
what should i do this weekend
olly that's all.
tell me what is on the schedule for july seventh
mario
would not really mind.
could you turn the light off
make the lights blue please
make the room brighter
please mark the wemo socket to off
show me the train schedules to the metropolitan opera house
who delivers near here
what is the most convenient hour to catch a train to york on Saturday
turn off the lights in the bedroom
what times do the trains run between here and the met
subtract sixty from two hundred and forty four
show me the time
olly could you shut off.
add a new email address which is
did i get any replies from jan
i want dimmer lights
when is the next train to glasgow from aberdeen
how does the desk look
which teams are playing this weekend
what are the latest updates on my facebook account
can you bring me a nice coffee
please unmute yourself
i need to turn the lights down
brighten the light at seventy percent
just cancel.
get rid of everything on my calendar
play stuff you should know
list all set alarms
i like red colour for my home change it
near by super market
what is left for today
what you have said is not so clear.
you understood command perfectly.
remind me to meet joe for lunch tomorrow
do not make any noise until morning alarm
post to facebook at the spa yay with a smiley face emoticon
please convert nine am cst to est time
enable shuffle
i would like to listen to my audiobook
weather for the next week in new york
reserve a seat for me on the train march twentieth
google find and play florida georgia line the one with nelly
will it be good to buy nike stock today
increase the volume to fifty
i'm sorry.
remove item from list
please activate my vacuum cleaner
show me delivery near me
what activities are taking place in my area
once again clarify me about your answers please.
tell sean i appreciate him reaching out to me
how is my order
would you tell me it one more time please.
turn off my wemo plug socket now
what is the square of 4
download and save song of dangal movie
call pizza hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms
turn the lights blue
do i need a rain coat today
raise the volume of the speakers
i need to know all of the emails from contact pertaining to subject
set an alarm for the dance classes two hours before the classes start
can you delete the dentist appointment
will play chess
what is laptop
could you harvest the crops in farmvile
is traffic to work clear
put wash the car to my to do list
remind me to order more soap
convert eight thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. five thirty
tune into ninety nine point five fm
what is telekenesis
mute the settings
what's the latest joke
is the thanks giving event on fourteenth of this month true
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
do i have any alarms
what is my schedule for tomorrow morning
find an oscar nominee movie
don't speak for a while
can you find the dave ramsey podcast that aired earlier today
home town weather
tell me a joke please
what is the weather like outside
house lights blue
find the serial podcast and play it
pull up list
play my latest podcast
could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
can I get the recipe for chocolate brownies
weather in chicago please
can you forward an episode in the podcast
sound off please
let's go through all pending reminders
coffee
yes strongly agree.
find me a good wine shop that stock old wines like older than ten years navigate me to that shop
exchange rate for converting ten dollar to euro
open inbox
what is the highest mountain in the world
how much is indian rupee going against us dollar
turn on the fan socket
will it rain in the noon
is today a sunscreen day
accident or normal traffic
alarm set
what did apple stock close at yesterday
remind me later
today's jokes
i would like to know the train timings to bournemouth tomorrow
i want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
when is the next train leaving for austin
please play help
add new email to anna
whats on your list right now
double cappuccino small please
thank you for doing it, olly.
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
for how much is hp selling for
bring up lights
please change the volume low of the speakers
yes right.
replay the musics
mute sound
what is going on around here
today's closing price for google
play howard stern on sirius
what is the factorial of x
go back to previous episode of podcast
can i get a cup of coffee
what day of the month is next tuesday
show me all the events happening in milan
hey olly tell me a joke
what is dollars in pesos
excellent work, you've done well.
remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at nine am
near by grocery
on the music player set the volume level at sixty
what is the status of my order
start radio and go to frequency on nine hundred and forty three
please send the email to abc@gmail dot com instead of xyz@gmail dot com
what are my plans for today
i want the light in the kitchen powered off
is there any new email
what are the big news stories on twitter
let's start over please.
what is on the agenda for today
show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
show me the alarms i set
please give me detail of o zaalima song
it was not the correct response.
where is a nearby park where i can go running
kung fu panda three
what else is on the list
set a meeting with hongbin
what is the current central time
make the volume lower
would you please check instruction.
are there dog shows going on near new york city
what is the value of the yen right now
give me a recipe for lasagne
give me today's market trends for panasonic
do coffee
can you try what i just said again.
hows the food order going
show alarms
what is the plan for tonight
turn on new smart socket
can you change the lights to white
show me a funny joke
when was this song recorded
s1, please explain further on your words to me.
tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
book an uber to los angeles cinemas in one hour
can you help me find the answer to this question
can you give me the newest phone number for bobby mcgee
stop powering the wemo socket
where do most celebrities hang out
what is a chair
how big is the grand canyon
it's really loud can you please turn the music down
is is taco o'clock yet
what does one have to damage in cream to make butter
change color
play candy crush
could you open my list app and check for groceries please
i need to get a ticket via train to orlando from hwood
command was confirmed.
i would like to order takeaway
order some fried chicken from church's chicken via grubhub
is it snowing in california
can you shut up please.
resume my audiobook where we paused last
do you have a traffic update
what is on my shopping list today
can you please confirm last thing i said.
two by two is
check the command.
tell me about the presidential race
call and order pizza for delivery
olly cancel all soccer practice alarms
how long will it take me to get to park avenue considering current traffic
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to jaisalmer
let me know about upcoming events
turn off the lights in this room please
play biography of jackie kennedy
remember to put carrots in there
olly schedule a news update for tomorrow morning at seven am
What's playing
please read me my current lists
confirmed.
continue with my audiobook please
call peking garden
just increase the volume a little
blanket definition
stock up or down for walgreens
what is the title and artist of this song
find the nearest uber
find recent events of the celebrity
what is john doe's address
lower the light to forty percent
i need a ride to the airport
did i remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
turn the sound off
call dad
are there any alarms going off today
recommend pub in eighth and monte diablo
could you stop please.
add john@gmail dot com to contacts
why do people use avocado seeds
play led zeppelin houses of the holy
convert time zone
remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow
please continue with the next podcast episode
clap on
tell me about the meetings over a period of time
save the information which is provided by aman on this song
do i have email from my friend rachel
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
power up the plug socket one
can you play beats one radio
cease operating lights
tweet i am doing well on twitter
did i set an alarm to wake up in the morning
close the light
set an alarm
what is the current traffic
please remove sporty event from list
is that song from shakira
how is the traffic in san francisco over the bay bridge
olly will you stop it.
can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight
please list the best clothing shops near me
please book a ticket form jaipur to mumbai on tuesday
what's going on in new york
journal entry for today
please could you try what you've said once more.
email my mom
add mop to hardware store list
delete scheduled alarm
please add item to list
i have a meeting tomorrow morning at ten please remind me
any free events in la today
has tom emailed me about ammunition
throw away my to do list please
i no longer need the daily five pm alarm
define love without invoking the term love
confirm that please.
resume my audio book from karl pilkington
tell me a clean joke
tell me about the stock for shell
take me to music player
can you add cups to my grocery list
how do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
text sarah if she is free for brunch today
what can you do
my calendar is to be updated with all rccg event in march
did dan send me any emails
turn the lights on
can you watch a movie on netflix with me
can they provide takeaway
please let me know the morning alarm time kept for weekends
hello google post my current status on twitter mentioning a great trip to paris with friends and family
grocery list add eggs
what is today
repeat reminder for my schedule for christmas
can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
what is i. b. m.'s stock worth
what are the chances of the stock market closing below the two hundred moving average in the next fourteen days
play podcast episode new
cut down the volume
tell me the exchange rate of ten dollar to euro
erase all content in my calendar
what is three plus four
can i see my work lists
i want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel
when my takeaway order will arrive
what's the latest news about us election
please save the current song to favorites
thanks for your answers.
check the status of my power usage
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa
i need you to book a train ticket that leaves at two pm
current traffic
create a list of books to be ordered
please remind to sleep at nine pm
what day is it on fifth december
what is the answer to that question
make coffee for me
can you please create a list for me
is there anything exciting on twitter today
olly can you cancel please.
entertainment news
i want you to mute
turn up the sound
is it possible to drive now in ohio
what is twenty four times twenty four
could you check that please.
tell comcast i am still on hold
how do i get to brighton
events upcoming
recommend a movie which is released last Friday
play purple haze
is the song by shakira
what time is twelve pm eastern time in pacific time
resume the audiobook i listened to last
automobiles
cook some coffees
tweet complaint to amazon products
what i can do with laptop
is the largest ocean in the world the pacific
find a recipe for homemade bread
i'd like to listen to ninety nine point five
playback tom clancy splinter cell
can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week
show me upcoming events in chicago
make a list of numbers for me
any new emails after five pm
let's play space invaders
searching on holidays in my location
has mary posted anything to facebook today
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing
Show times for nearest theater
did you get what said correctly?
will you please shut off.
play this audiobook
open chess app and begin game
what is the traffic like
what is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
adjust the light
please turn off the wemo plug socket
send this song to my favorites
will you once again rephrase me about what you just said now.
please play next episode of podcast
rahul marriage reminder
what's the latest news from xinhua
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
what is name of the song currently playing
is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
change background
list my different alarm
rowan atkinson info
what's on the grocery list
which teams are playing today in the premier league
what is this event is called which happening my area
stock market
you've understood command perfectly.
what's happening in my town
order travel ticket
any funny jokes
confirm the question please.
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
tell me what's going on with facebook
lights on
order food
turn up speakers
does it offer pick up
stock price fb
i want a train ticket to edinburgh
book a train tickets for me
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
please find all name start with alphabetic of g and create a list
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
did i leave the light on in the garage
play candy crush with me
list all events and delete
whatever is good with me, olly.
whats today
solve the calculation
find apple on list and remove
please play michael jackson album
give me the current time
please lower the lights a little bit
whats on my shopping list
can you check and confirm the question please.
open a new list for me
play radio mirchi for me
remove apples from my shopping list
how do i get to the mall
what will the weather be next week
lets go nazi hunting
please start vacuuming
can you please disregard the party that i will be going to this weekend on my calendar
this item should be added to the list
will it get warmer here next week
start making some coffee
please turn off my smart plug socket
how many dollars are in a euro
have i got any new email from my company
play new radio channel
turn the kitchen lights off
tweet real donald trump that angela merkel will not shake his hand anymore
what is the current song called
whatever, olly.
what trending on twitter
should i go through the valley or on the ten to get to westwood
from where can i get a train ticket for athens
send email to daddy i'll be going to the birthday party
confirm a movie ticket at glory theater
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
order six chicken tacos from chipotle
list events nearby new york
i'm looking for a bar do you know a good one
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and inr
anything is ok for me.
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and canadian dollar
that is enough.
have i gotten any emails lately
just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning
call vikki
wake me up at ten
please make the lights natural
play the urban radio station
list the shops near me
is bills cell phone number in my contacts
don't speak for an hour
can you start ryan seacrest
i would not really mind, olly.
brighten the lights in this room
what is the current stock price of rolls royce
romantic light setting please
call a taxi for me to where i am currently located
convert one pound to us dollar
please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to new york
who is the artist of this song
report the current time in oakland
What's close by for dinner
your salary
you have gotten that exactly.
begin again book swan
what size is a sperm whale
when is john's birthday
when is bank holiday
i wish to go for cheap shopping is there any dollars shop nearby
how cold is it outside
tell me when it is five pm
in delhi traffic level too high
can you create a new list
next alarm
can you find me a train ticket to montauk
how many species of bees are there in the united states
how are the top ten stocks at the moment
what's the capital of tanzania
add spent five dollars in my expenses list
book me golden taxi for today at five pm
check emails for last hour
make it brighter in here please
turn off the sounds
it is unimportant for me, olly.
wemo on
cancel list
remove the latest alarm
please dim the lights
could you please help me to order some sushi from deliveroo
please confirm details.
any one would be okay with me, olly.
s1, explain further please.
save opinion on song
fantastic response to command.
find grocery store with an organic section near me
what time i am waking up tomorrow
send me a wake up alert at seven am tomorrow morning
brew a pot of coffee
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
can we play twenty questions
silence please
check my facebook for notifications
i didn't get your response.
is there any traffic
anything would be fine with me.
great song for the commute
will you further elaborate me on what you have said please.
i want you to check what i just said please.
please play the newest podcast
what is love
joke please
speak the last words one more time please.
show me the current time
tell me who wrote this song
how much did facebook stock increase last night
open events this week
show me a video on cooking fried chicken
recipe for spaghetti
olly talk to you later on.
what lists do i have
you are leading me into wrong.
shall we meet for today's party
are there any meetings set for next wednesday
what's going around in the world these days
call a cab
add email to existing contact
can you book an uber tomorrow
look for a taxi to go home
olly please could you shut down.
please will you clarify me more on it.
yeah you did the command correcly.
whats a good place to eat around midtown new york
tell me something funny
uhh no, i did not say that.
can to please clear my calendar of all events
i need the volume to be louder
display latest emails
show me how to cook lasagna
can i take food home here
please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at nine
alert me at ten am please
open contacts and find john smith
latest technologies gadgets
send a reply to robert for his email received today morning
list all emails with subject contract
excellent job, you have done well.
is it supposed to rain tomorrow
tell me all the takeaways nearby and i want to order food
i want to mute the speaker
keep me updated on the election results
what can i do in charlotte
i'd love to hear any song that i've given five stars by serge gainsbourg
i think you don't get answer right.
you did nice job, thank you.
can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef
have i received any emails from my father
how many alarms are listed
please activate my coffee pot for me
what time i sit in china right now
hey play crazy by britney spears
i would like to start this new audiobook
the meaning of life
start vacuuming
find a taxi to go home
is traffic heavy on route eighty today
change the lights to a different hue
can i hear the joke about the old woman again
is there any concerts taking place in new york today
s2, i was unclear about your response.
directions to mcdo
remove the alarm set for four hundred am
open the radio app
excellent response to the command.
who's emailed me recently
comcast sucks put that on their twitter account
resume playing the miniaturist
which book fair events are taking place next week in washington dc
get me fresh news
what is six times sixty eight
did anyone like my photo i just posted
start coffee
what is the time difference between here and japan
where is yellowstone park
show me what the ingredients are
is the coffee ready
do you have a funny joke for me
shit, you made a mistake, please correct this.
order the best priced general tofu in nyack
pawel prepare the meeting with john
one am set
how is traffic on the highway
yes agree.
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
buy train ticket
date today
that's good, thanks.
is the road a free way or a toll road
please would you check instruction.
set the alarm for five am
anything is good to me.
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
when was frank sinatra born
resume inkheart
i need to mute the speaker
show me my lists
who won the sports game last night
convert one kilo to pound
open the two towers and play
audio start
set a neighbor party for next week
please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
did mike send me an email
please continue reading audiobook
do i have any mail
change the alarm weekly settings
is there any rap that doesn't involve sex money and drugs
start and email to john smith
what events are scheduled for this weekend in me area
i'd like a coffee now
order a twelve piece honey mustard wing combo with seasonimg altnon the fries and a sprite as the drink
it has a meaning of rhythm
start playing ringcast
start play fifa seventeen
can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
what is scheduled on my calendar today
turn on alarm thirty minutes before liverpool started to play
play song over the rainbow
tell me where the local shopping district is
can i get the directions to the nearest bar
i like you to confirm detail please.
clean the carpets
search earliest trains to brooklyn ny weekends and holidays
can you book me a taxi
lower the brightness of the lights
tell me who will win the next presidential election
how many alarms are set
thanks for asssistance.
add oil change to my to do list
olly please can you shut up.
how heavy is traffic on interstate twenty
name a rom com movie playing in and around new york theatres
time in chicago
activate the radio please
show johns office number
switch to night light setting
delete everything on the menu
book me on a train leaving penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than two hundred miles away
when was the last call i received from jordan
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
i want to play fifa seventeen
don't really know.
set up a taxi for eleven am tomorrow
is the data prefers any problems in objects
give me the description of a smartphone circuit
podcast next episode
switch on radio mango
turn up your volume
open sirius app and play the classical channel
find jokes on the web
please delete my morning alarm
crack a joke
please would you shut up.
show me emails from my friends
how is my commute
what time is it in the eastern half of the us right now
tell me the exchange rate us versus indian rupees
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct answer.
who's playing the oboe on this piece
what the traffic condition outside my office
how is president's trump office proceeding
please shut off.
period the light should be in dim
what creates buttermilk
i don't bother.
you did command perfectly.
bring the lights down a bit
add this email to a new contact
i have already given mark his gift today please remove him on my christmas gift list
find me someone
find me the perfect girlfriend
can you find and tell me the prices of facebook stock
would not bother, olly.
is there any chances of rain this week
prepare a cup of coffee for me
how is the traffic around city center
what was the name of my last email
play pride and prejudice
have pho send three egg rolls
turn off bedroom lights in ten seconds
where is the nearest olive garden
check currencies
give me the definition of the word armor
what type of cheese do i need for my enchiladas
please remove a list
tell me what is next on my query
please add dinner with mary to my calendar on saturday
what do i have scheduled for next week
play me an upbeat song through your speakers
what a sunny day
please let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
if it is six am here what time is it in tokyo
what is sean connery's birthday
i want to know more about this person
open email for unread mails
create appointment to list
please add sugar to my grocery list
i can't hear you can you say it again louder
please lower the speaker volume
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train
open the contact alex in phonebook
tell comcast their customer service is slow
remove my eight pm alarm and set it to seven pm
yeah you have got my instructions right.
what's going on on fb
please check and repeat this song one time more
make an alarm for the morning
please add this song to my playlist favorites
what restaurant is open after midnight
its too bright in here
thank you.
give me the news
how much is a train ticket to san fransisco
compare prices of dairy items in local shops
make the wemo go on
power up the vacuum
give me a current traffic report
add this new email with contact
what is five minus one
please tell me the name of this band
get rid of bananas on the list
can you please put the vacuum on
can you make coffee
i'm hungry show me some takeaway food
ten past seven
play this game with me
olly please will you shut off.
please tell me who is going to win the nba championship
change the light to pink color
what's june's address nowadays
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and cad
call a uber in thirty minutes
hey what is the time
how far away is the nearest rest stop
who was in the beatles
would you stop it.
convert ten miles to kilometers
please add johndoe@yahoocom to my contact list
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
skip
set alarm for tomorrow six am
rate u. s. d. to g. b. p.
i would like to make a post on times twitter
what is the highest rated movie now out
has any mail received with an attachment
play the bjork album i've heard the least
who has written to me or mentioned me in social media
check if any alarm is there after five am
olly will you please shut down.
remove the alarm set for ten pm
order me a large ham and olive pizza from dominos
add lunch appointment with lisa to january second at twelve thirty pm
i need to set an alarm how many do i have set
i am the living blues
remove my grocery list
stock exchange rates
yeap correct response.
what time does the train arrive at edinburgh
what movies are being shown at the regal cinema
start chapter seven of alma
what's the exchange rate between czk and euro
raise volume to level seven on music player
notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
solution for eighty one divided by nine
tell me a joke about birds
favourite podcast
please find a mail address of manoj and tell me
Explain object
i can't see let's make it brighter
give me the opening stock price of sony
how long do i need to cook a brisket for it to be medium
what's my next events
yeah you get it perfectly.
i need you to have the volume louder
have a taxi pick me up
can you check and confirm what said please.
buy a train ticket from lakeland florida to new york
i want to hear tum hi ho next
let me know of the meeting on tuesday
shut the smart socket down
what is the sum of 9 and 12
how old are kim kardashian's children
please reply to my boss most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum
can i get a train ticket to
please tell me the latest news about politics
how would you tackle the following problem brush your teeth
retry please.
id like to know if there are any accidents on the route that i am taking
i am not clear about last sentence.
delete the meeting alarm at two pm on tuesday
whats two hundred divided by five
how can we prepare biriyani
when is the last train today
make the light more visible
on the button of cleaner
delete the last list
what is currently breaking news
call golden taxi to pick me up at seven pm today
answer the equation eight times seven
change lights to pink
play seven habits of effective people
what is my most played podcast
put classic rock on
read out my shopping list for today
any new emails for me
its peaceful
how is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas today
ally please play pandora radio
what is the climate here today
order chinese for delivery
start podcast
tell me the preparation method for chicken sixty five
do i have any new email from ryan
search for a good nerd joke
is the pound up or down against the dollar
how many eggs are on my grocery list
fantastic response.
please send email to pawel with reminder
can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in west philadelphia
let's play a game how about tic tac toe
i want to buy a train ticket tomorrow for boston to new york
what were the cities affected by the earthquake
down the light power
place family phone on instagram
do the knicks have a game at home tonight
office lights off
send an email to my boss about my leave
down the speaker volume at the end of level
whats the schedule for today
whatever would be good.
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
create an event gym day on monday and set it to repeat
nearest walmart location
add a new email
will you send the email to greg
i need to get up at seven am
please will you check last thing said.
you rock, musch appreciated.
list my lists please
start vacuum
no notifications for five minutes
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
talk quieter please
ring the alarm when i get home
turn up the lights please
save my opinion on the currently playing song
find me the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
my vacuum cleaner should start between ten to eleven am everyday
convert euros to dollars
traffic status please
make coffee
anything is okay with me.
turn the lights to red color
cancel the breakfast at tiffany's house
book a taxi for tomorrow morning
please check and confirm the last thing said.
move to the next song in the list
thanks but you are incorrect.
do i have a doctors appointment today
co play game monopoly
set an alarm for one hour from now
i am forever hip hop
what's the weather in toronto today
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
book for me an uber taxi to bardonia
please turn off the alarm
delete the shopping list
what is the timing of bagmati express
remove item four
call the closest mexican restaurant
next episode please
initiate the music on the electronic playlist
make the bedroom lights light blue
what's next on the list
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
give me petey's telephone number
read available lists
please set alarm for all days
disable wemo socket
whats a silly joke you know
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
mute yourself until five pm
hey tell me a knock knock joke
any new email since last time
the command is not correct.
do i have new likes
how is the traffic at the moment
what are the show times of logan
read me the front page of the new york times
would you try that instruction said again please.
could you please check and confirm the detail.
my games to play in my computers
are there any traffic issues
how many things do i have planned tonight
is the restaurant having delivery facility
events in the local area
i dont want any alarms
get radio
please adjust the colors in my lights
list the items on my shopping list
softer
prepare the order as soon as possible
info of rowan atkinson
how is the traffic today
yeap you have done answer exactly.
tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again
convert eastern time to western time
how to cook crabs
select shuffle all
play bbc radio one
do i have any appointments scheduled for march twenty four two thousand and seventeen
save my music choices
show me today train time of kalka at jodhpur
i want the news about academy awards
what's the address for alex
how much is remaining after subtracting four from eight
that is enough, stop it.
can you please be muted for a while
tell me when my next doctors appointment is
start the vacuum for me
s2, could not get what you have said.
well done, thank you so much.
recommend a movie for me
smart plug socket off please
i like alt rock music
i could not understand this.
do you know of any good free knitting patterns
i want some coffee
how many inches make one feet
hurriedly activates my robot vacuum cleaner
can i go outing without any raincoat
play by favorite radio station
describe blanket
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
add bob to my list of contacts
turn off my wifi
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
do homework for me please
tell me whats on the web
post complaint about service a
take me to the most popular post
you had me incorrectly.
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
tell me that words spoke again please.
what am i up to this weekend
recipe for meal
mute enabled until i say so
order me a byron from deliveroo
recommend a movie with justin bieber
please can you confirm the command.
quiet mode four hours
google uber
remove event from my list
please send a taxi to my house
how old is clint eastwood
can you tell me what movie has the best reviews
reset my locations list
whats the dow jones at today
tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horrible
what is the status on my latest order
i would like to hear again.
how much is one u. s. d. in inr
play current episode
please tweet waited sixty five minutes for a table at tgi fridays never going back
set mute mode for one hour
please be quiet for the next two hours
can you say it one more time again please.
erase my appointment for march seven
are there any grocery stores nearby
send a tweet to national grid
set the alarm for nine am on weekends
did you get last thing i said correctly?
play the circle
please turn off any lights that are still on
tell me what a workhouse is
bed room two darken
how is the traffic
are there any recent unread emails
set up each day an alarm at ten time for my meal
give me options for indian carryout under dollars
what is the answer to one times two
quiet mode on until i am home from work
olly please shut off.
would you do it again.
remove milk from my grocery list
is there takeaway at papa john's
i would like you check details please.
post the following status to facebook
that's good one, olly.
play the next episode of drunks and dragons please
please tweet about the problem i m facing with the product of company
where is a walking trail near me
play the last next episode
please activate the vacuum cleaner
doesn't matter, olly.
tell me what's trending on twitter
i need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
check the last thing said please.
who was john dillinger
turn all lights off during the day
what are the climatic conditions in that area
start roomba
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
is there any good chinese takeout that's open late
lower lights in my room
i like this song what is it can you please repeat it once
activate the robot and vacuum the floor
s1, rephrase me more on it.
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom
set an alarm for me at eight am
could you make a train ticket for me
find me a recipe for carrot soup
what's the current exchange rate for the euro against u. s. d.
how do i go to athens by train
do i have any new emails from dan
is my school alarm set
i want to see the previous episode
remove lunch with co workers on thursday
delete bread from shopping list
play music in library
the answer is confirmed.
what is the definition of problematic
what is the linear equation
stock price for sprint
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
what time is it in mountain time zone
is the traffic smooth right now
blue lights please
siri what is dollars in yen
turn this room light off
what music genre do i listen to the most
shuffle music
brew me a cup of coffee
flag me an uber for ten pm tonight
turn off the lamps
turn on the plug socket one
two am removed
how hot are summers in gibraltar
hey play me a popular country song
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
i like electronic music
the definition of life
find the right amount of cinnamon for the garam masala
convert the american dollar to the euro
play uno together
are you human
change my room lights to blue
dammit, it isn't what i asked.
quiet
i want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me
what does rice wine go with
make me coffee at eight am
what's the rate between pesos and yen
next episode
light settings
wake me up at four am
can you set an alarm for me
what is the list about my favorite songs
how do i set my coffee machine to make coffee
what is the rate for g. b. p. to u. s. d.
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
what was last sent to me in my social media feed
mute volume
dammit, that's not what i meant.
wait, this is not the correct answer.
adjust the light option
switch on robot vacuum cleaner
change that off the list
play i spy with me
tune into the nearest english fm station
please alert me when john emails me
will it be nice at the beach on friday
thanks for reminding me, olly.
set an alarm for me for tomorrow at seven pm
go to sirius and play the hip hop channel
this is unimportant to me.
how does the dollar compare to the pound
Hey turn the volume high
hey i want to send an email to my friend
get rid of peas
what's happening around me
that was nice one.
what is the name of this musical group
please mute the volume control
olly i want you just stop it.
give the stock price details of motorolla
compose email
famous person biographies
podcast play
please turn down the volume
what is the time difference between central and eastern
s1, again explain to me please.
i think you are wrong.
please tell me what is the definition of cylinder
could you please check and confirm my last command.
tell me what i said one more time again please.
check emails
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
how do i make meal
want to play a game
turn off overhead light
what is happening now
what's the closest taxi to me
shut off the socket
status of weather
how many dollars are there in a g. b. p.
can you reset.
tell me a joke about aliens
check and confirm what i said please.
by remote sensor
tweet on the bad service
save this email in contact
how many pounds do sixty kg make
i need you to add gary's email to my favorites
train departure
s2, i am unclear about what you have just said.
add song to running list
how much does general tsos chicken cost at peking garden
wouldn't mind for anything.
who is the contact that last called me
turn all the lights off
uhh no, incorrect command.
what is that one more time.
what events are going in my town this week
is chase doing good
what is my next reminder
i can't see turn up the lights
how do i get the answer to two plus two
what apple trading at
didn't understand your answers.
tell the golden fork that i want their fish risotto delivered
wait, you did not interpret command right.
where is the food festival tonight
yeap excellent response to the command.
what is the definition of forensic
will you shut down please.
play compassionate cook episode twenty three
can you turn on the vacuum
are there any accidents today
hey send email to john
start the radio now
do i have coffee on the grocery list
do i have any undone tasks
get route for los angles from here
how much traffic is there right now in bowery street
how many items are on my list
please turn on all lights
mute speakers
look for different recipes
play hopsin from my latest playlist
clear my schedule for today
can you play my favorite music
which shops can i find in milan
replace color from light to dark
fast and the furious
it was nice one, thank you very much.
turn off my wemo socket
i'd like you confirm it please.
list events in ny
write down meeting at seven pm
what's the recipe for fried chicken
reduce brightness
please change the light to green
what does two plus two equal
when is trolls playing
please check exchange rates
hey what is the definition of recipe
let's play a game of chess
how far is the distance to rccg ikoyi lagos from here by train
can you shut up.
this is the best band ever
what alarms do i have set for thursday
why do starving people keep having kids
what's next on my list
does this restaurant only do carryout
set a repeating reminder alarm for the facebook event i have to attend on seventh april
i would like all the lights on when i enter
can you confirm instruction.
show me my alarms
dim the lights
change the lights to dim
please write up a compliant
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
how many emails have i got since yesterday
what's the traffic situation from kamycka to dejvicka
from four to six when do i have a free break
anything will be ok with me.
remind me at the start of each month
can you deleted the current event
take lunch meeting off my calendar
i have to go to a meting on friday at noon can you remind me
i'd like some red lighting
Silence speakers
erase my appointment on the twelfth from my calendar
anything new on social media
how long to get downtown
how much is two thousand five hundred philippine pesos in dollars
turn out the lights
what does a geranium look like
what list do i have
off the speakers
my all time favorite song is something like this from chainsmokers
any new interests from linda
i would like you check detail please.
cancel my eight am alarm
link me to jeff's email
turn the living room's light off
who wrote this song
is there anything happening on jazz scene around edinburgh
add eggs to the list
song info
what does jon bon jovi's wife look like
chane light colour to green
can you tell me a joke
open td ameritrade
please make the smart socket turn off
remove item three from the list
is there any traffic right now
any local news stories for my home city
can you further explain me on it please.
on what date is easter this year
thanks but i think you did not get the answer correctly.
what alarms have been set for me
what time is my wakeup alarm set for
could you again elaborate me on your answers please.
what is the current weather conditions in chicago illinois
please lower music volume
set reminder notification for three o'clock
please play forward episode in quantico
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in benton ar
what movies is out there in the local cinema
give me some recipes for sheperds pie
put the current song on repeat
what is the exchange rate of euro today to dirham
open fishdom game
i need to put together a todo list for work
a cup of coffee please
what is the plot of the most recent will smith movie
do not get this.
schedule my meeting with my girlfriend lisa in the night today at nine pm
explain further please.
show me the exchange rate between czk and dollar
please would you replay your last phrase said.
i need two pizzas stat
how is the stock going in general
may i know what is trending in social media
domino's has takeaway right
how much is one american dollars worth in england
i would like to crack jokes
have i got new content in my twitter feed
what movie are playing near me
what is happening in the world right now
what's happening on bbc news today
what is the difference between bake and broil
what is your country
i need a coffee
please do not respond
send this email to reply to the latest emails
play random radio station
can you book me a train ticket to bombay for tomorrow in any train
make an alarm for me at five am tomorrow
delete item
what's the news from source
any festivals in town at this time or in the coming week
nope, i did not say it.
please tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic narendra modi
please increase the volume
remind me about tomorrow meeting at ten am
please turn on roomba
can you tell me the time at san francisco
remind me clock that i have a event
can you book an uber after i left for office
how many months in a year
tell me when will indians economy touch that of americas
please start over.
give me the weekly weather near me
is yemen closer to japan or india
turn on this socket
have no idea for which to choose.
elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
play music for me
give me a new light color
please repeat the current song is being played
what's traffic look like over the golden gate bridge
open irctc application and go to book ticket
if it's five am in berlin what time is it here
i think i ran out of this can you add it to my list
what is today's date
what is the latest from my feed
tag this song with five stars
what's the weather supposed to be like on wednesday
i want to hear sleeptime playlist next
please book the five pm train to rockville
please send mom an email saying that i can make it next week
how many songs did michael jackson write
find out if kfc delivers please
will you retry it please.
make the ceiling lights brighter
give me the train time
have any suggestions for local italian food
disable my three pm alarm
what's going on facebook
email tom the date and time of tomorrow's meeting
what is the population of florida
tell me updates
what's the description for the alarm at eleven am
find and order rasgulla of janta sweet home pvt ltd
lower the lights in the room
what is the latest news from cbs
what is the song name
what are amd stock prices
house change all lights to blue
ah it's awesome, olly.
play me harry potter from the place i last stopped listening on
could you just cancel.
what music do i like
let's play
lower the light of hall percent
i have to done it on the post important music file
i'd like to hear that sentence spoke again.
it's helpful, thank you.
please reserve an uber right now
how many phone numbers do i have for brenden
set my alarm for time
what is twenty three times fifty two
show local events near me
my facebook update in every three hour should be available
alert me at three pm to goto the concert
how many calories did i burn between three and five today
what is hurricane
book a rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
what does this stitch long sleeved shirt look like
what is going on in south tampa today
suggestions for future
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
to which event can i go in milan now
book me a taxi from castle street to airport
send a request to martin
what lists do i have queried
what are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese
please brighten the room
get me a taxi to the airport right now
tell me one more time again please.
lower your volume please
what do i need to pick up at the grocery store
continue playing my book of vitamins
how old is mary s.
within the past three months how many meetings did i have with mr richards
are there any events going on close by
book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow
i do not really care, olly.
what is a good rap album that came out this year
open music player settings
show me the top rated podcasts
well done, musch appreciated.
delete all my calendar events
this is unimportant with me, olly.
it must be mistake.
who sings this
reply to the mail with the following content hello you
what's that.
is calendar event true
what does session mean
time to hear me some blake shelton
schedule meeting with laura
can you eat sweet potato greens raw
please raise the volume of speaker
i want to wake up at six am tomorrow please
whose song is this
let's play nine ball against me adapt with my skill level always let me win
run vacuum cleaner
what is the customer service feedback
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
please call a taxi to arrive at four hundred and take me to the manor theater
find me a train ticket for the next trip to washington dc
is dinner ready yet
is my alarm set
can i get the food to go
power off the wemo plug
i will need a scarf in afternoon to overcome sunlight
turn on the plug
i want to find some chinese food what is near me
tweet my complaint about my truck to consumer digest
find john smith in contacts
what's the best clothes store here
create a list for today's tasks
play magic run after thirty min
nice lyrics
please clear out my calendar completely
book me a train ticket to new york city on the third i don't care what time
can you brighten up the lights please
resume the playback of a child called it
start my playlist on i heart radio
refer the stock price of hdfc
please put this playlist on shuffle
what is the traffic like this morning
can you please give me john's email
new york time please
play the song title
turn down lights
its dark in here mind turning up the light intensity
List all the lists on this device
how long to get to work
remove a list of employees
reply to erins email by saying i will be on time
when it is nine in the east what time is it in the west
i needed to prepare for a meeting
turn off the wemo plug
three times two equals six
increase lights please
show me where i can find a hamburger
solve this equation one plus one
what does happy mean
get rid of the wednesday list
calculate two multiplied by two
can you tell me whats on my shopping list
what do you know about mary
what alarms are set right now
cnn headlines
what is sarah's number
how do you like being my assistant
add grocery to list
seems like the response was not correct.
what johncena do
how hot is it outside today
do you hear songs of arrahman music
in classic all music are there ever any singers
set an eight hundred am alarm for next tuesday
direction to local train station
how far is it from tokyo to dallas
confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
activate the vacuum cleaner
book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
pull up the shopping list
you are so smart.
set reminder for tennis game with peter on Sunday at four pm
this is my favorite song
can you search trump
make the lights shine blue
yeah you did it exactly.
do i have any new facebook notifications
display stock price for lexmark international
give me the driving directions from faripir to gurpur
lessen the the light glow
make coffee at eight am
book me a cab
start the robot roomba
create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
does louie's do take out
will the fast food shop at the corner open today
hi olly please remove the birthday event on coming sunday
when is my alarm set for
top ten movies
restaurant delivery update
on january twenty five set meeting for twelve
start a list of dog names
please open a reply to the email
twelveth july is bola's birthday and my calendar to be updated with this date
multiply one thousand by twelve
thanks but it is not correct command.
delete list blank
delete my dentist appointment
olly could you shut up please.
which song is this one
i want you to play this game for me
i am unclear about your answer.
what is the time in beijing
when the birthday will be
could you confirm my last instruction please.
turn house lights off
cancel the plan of party
read about mary s.
i want volume on my speakers
what's coming up this week
compose an email to parisa
what is the home phone number for sarah
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
show latest news about migration
hmm, you gave me not correct information.
turn up the lights
say joke
i want to turn on the blue lights
you are my hero,.
read the list
hoover the hallway
please show me detail of previous played song
could you play you don't bring me flowers
do i have any get togethers this week
order me an uber ride please
i love hip hop
what is the total of 500 and 23
get today's weather report
what is the name of the singer
tell me what the word organism means
are there any crafts fairs happening in this area
what is two hundred divided by ten
set an alert for two pm
send a snotty tweet to bbc
call a taxi company
search events and meetups for central park west
make the lights in my home yellow
call for takeout
i want to listen to the bob and tom show
start a new list
uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
increase the volume to seventy percent
remember that this is my favorite music
how many rupies are in a dollar
what trips are available from new york city to poughkeepsie
didn't understand what you said now.
make this email a new contact
hey i'd like you to order burger
vacuum living room
what is the answer to four plus four
give me the time
what's traffic likexchange on four hundred and forty one
yes it's confirmed.
change your colors to something different
what is the home phone number of mark
brighten up the room
how far does my dollar go in japan
get me a taxi
when is the next train to philadelphia
do i have anything on my to do list
ah it is excellent.
yes answer was amazing.
tell me the meetings i have for the week
create new contact
turn on the vacuum cleaner
assistant please turn the lights off
did you change the wallpaper
increase brightness in the room
raise the volume to fifty
that is good.
please will you say that one more again.
what does triumph mean
this is one of the best songs for me
yeap you've gotten that correcly.
remove the list of person starting from letter m in my contact list
can you sync my calendar with mark
please set my alarm clock for eight am
light colour for study room
buy a train ticket to cleveland for april fourteenth
please update me on my social media accounts
reply to heather's latest email by answering no
that song is my favorite
have you come across any new recipes
play the radio band with sports commentary
what time is it in denver
start up league of legends for me
read unchecked email
what does a grapefruit look like
could you tell me funny things
play the barney theme song
send an email to my wife about next week weather
where can i order pizza for delivery
how do i make cookies
please say it once again.
i need to know about the height of mount everest
i need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
prepare coffee
yeah you've gotten my instructions right.
movies with good reviews
when is taco bell going to arrive
could you speak a little more softly
please further elaborate your response.
play racing
show me my husbands facebook posts today
give me some dim light
what happens on the fourth of july
can you turn down the lights by twenty percent
how many alarms are currently set
let me hear some bluegrass music
how many hook ups had richard feynman
erase the chore list
decrease volume
check instagram
remove meeting for wednesday morning
please add list of friends to invite for the party
please tell me how to do my daughters eighth grade math
can you say what you have said one more again.
answer paul's email
turn coffee maker on
is it noon in paris
send email to robert, what time is dinner
i want the email to be sent to my new email address abc@gmail dot com
what is the news today in polk county florida
olly can you shut down.
i didn't say it.
tell me what was the temperature in our city at twelve pm
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
what's the answer to one plus one
can you turn it up a little
whatever will be fine.
delete my appointment tomorrow
show me nearest theatre
do i need to spare washing my car today
please describe an elephant to me
list remove
i haven't checked my facebook yet are there any updates from my close friends
wouldn't know, olly.
tell me about city traffic
please read my facebook feed
remove set alarm
elaborate me further on your answer please.
is the four hundred and thirty pm train running late
change the media room lights from purple to green
convert ten inches to centimeters
need a taxi for my travel
tell the latest news about the trump
will you please play the next episode of podcast
doesn't really matter to me.
please book the next taxi
can you turn off the living room lights
provide wall street journal news
is now a good time to sell some euros
speak louder please
hotel california is sung by whom
thanks but i think you do not get me.
vacuum start
how soon is my anniversary
can you suggest a good drama for me to watch
play news in fm
how does a cheetah look
please speak that one more again.
can you check to see if i have any recent email alerts
lets play battleship
start play spider
olly find any alarms i have set for today
stop and start over.
please convert the time of here at nine pm to brasil time zone
put the radio on
could you please check the detail.
kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
turn on the socket
can you book a train ticket
add running to my calendar for thursday
when is stassi schroedder's birthday
social info
what is jimmy johns's corporate number
will i need sunblock this weekend
please tell me once more.
please play clash of clans
try it one more time please.
play episode ten in the podcast
how do i bake a potato
please we're the following alarm
send email to marissa
what is latest on the recent events happening right now
turn off all the lights
i wouldn't bother, olly.
have no idea, olly.
id like to get on the next train that will be departing indianapolis headed to chicago
initiate celine dion music
what is a peso worth in dollars
alter lunch event to repeat every friday
too loud
i need to submit a complaint
what time are the trains going to chennai leaving
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
olly that's enough, just stop it.
set my alarm for tuesday at six pm
have no idea for what to choose.
what song do i play most
you should reply to the mail
please book a taxi for me to go to the railway station
can you pull up jeff
play ping pong
tell me about the latest sports news
does not matter for me.
olly please can you cancel.
play from smashing pumpkins
please increase the volume of the music hips don't lie
lights brighter
turn lights off in kitchen
would you cancel it please.
could you please remove the set of alarms between eight and nine
i like music
start a game and play with me
what's the recipe for fish soup
lower the light level in my house
how old is christie brinkley
find easy recipe for corn bread
repeat the music
recommend a local steak restaurant
delete the list please
again clarify me on your answers please.
what is the total number of oceans in the world
how is weather on such and such day
what time will a movie be shown tomorrow
hey what's the current time in austin
turn up music please
how tall is frank goggins
does pizza hut have delivery
what kind of music am i into
where is the nearest smoke shop
thank you so much.
could you dim the lights
what is a monitor
remove number three alarm of list
how does merriam webster define ultra
please will you check it.
call yellow cab
hmm, i think incorrect answer.
new item for list
it's exact.
my favorite music is rock from the early two thousands
i don't really mind.
olly i will talk to you later.
can you lie
give me more light
vacuum the dining room
find me the name of the artist of this music
remove my calendar event at one pm today
is there anything happening nearby
tell me what is on my list
is the mail from chris about work
set a classic music
please look up local restaurants that are open now
is there a traffic jam on my route
recommend a movie playing in me area
can you tell me if i have any alarms set
i am in need of some pizza what's the closest place that delivers
find food and order
what alarm time had you set
please turn off the wemo plug
repeat song number ten from main list
what is the current rate of euro to us dollars
is it raining now
save the last radio stations of the last month
add detergent to the list of things i need to buy
give me the opening stock price of apple
resume playback
i want to hear the book written by the mother of the shooter at columbine
maximum kilometer to delivery
turn on the coffee pot
which film the music comes from what is the name of the music
can you locate some gospel music for me
shut off the lights in the kitchen
look up the definition to ambulance
yeah perfect response to command.
open the two towers
how many pesos can i get for a dollar right now
start reading fifty shades of grey from chapter four
set my alarm for eight am
what is the google stock at
olly what songs have i listened to at least ten times
hey order a pizza pie with extra cheese
switch on the roomba
when can i pick up my chinese food
from dollar to euro
please make me nice coffee
play miley cyrus radio
change mountain standard to pacific
that's not what i just said.
what do i have scheduled on july seventh
when is my next appointment and who do i contact to reschedule
cnn
can you reply to the email
start irobot
tell me when the hockey game tickets are for
what is today's close of goog
what is twenty percent of one hundred and twenty
check and confirm last thing said please.
send an email to with the subject as test and no content
email james about the softball game james we need to get some refreshments before heading over
give me a description of iron fist on netflix
when and where is june's birthday party
turn sound off
please turn socket off
what's the news in politics on cnn
select a different color for the lights
turn on one oh seven point five
delete item on list
i would like to hear the last one spoken again.
what time is it in another city
tweet the current temperature
what's my to do list for today
any farm markets around with local products
where is place
do i need to wear a coat today
could not understand it.
mute speaker
please turn off all the lights outdoor
what country was einstein from
book my nearest available taxi
it's good job, i appreciate it.
how many dollars is in pounds
when is the next train to london
give me the average five year stock price of home depot
exact.
what is the email address for tessa
can i get delivery from this restaurant
anything would be good with me, olly.
tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
please remove this alarm
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
call a taxi
start reading that alan partridge book
how bad is traffic this morning
what color is the sky
start candy crush
is mr pizza on skip the dishes
what new movies are played in cinemas this week
thanks for the response, olly.
please go to the next episode of the podcast
can you explain once again.
answer for three times four
what meetings do i have next thursday
get me train times to location from station
please book a taxi in uber for me to go to the airport today
please make coffee
play me some podcasts about getting rich quick
book a train ticket from los angeles to chicago that goes via miami
times clapping sound times
tell me what one plus one is
will you further elaborate me on it please.
please show me the local weather
give the shortest route to the airport
yeah you get command exactly.
who has responded to my business within the last twenty four hours
give me charles telephone number
change lighting colours
add newscast time to daily schedule
do they deliver home
can you turn that down
i like you check what i last said please.
would you confirm the question.
what is the cheapest ticket available next week for a round trip three day trip to iceland
do i have a new email from eric
start playing my most played podcast
please book train ticket to new york
pull up all emails sent to me from amazon
lower the lights
few traffic roads
could you tell me the last one you just said again please.
shut down the plug
i want to eat two pita gyros please and some diet coke
what is the title of this song
speak one more time please.
tune into the joe rogan show in ten minutes
what is now stock price of tata
what are the stock prices
keep me informed about bitcoin price
what's his number
i need to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
is there any program for tomorrow evening
please check recent emails from new contact
you are star, thank you so much.
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
got it correcly.
turn off the light in the living room
convert one us dollar to british pound
let's try what you said one more time again please.
please solve this math
turn off the sound
npr ted talks
mute yourself until i say otherwise
olly that is all, just cancel.
make curser adjustable position
define transcendet
what alarms do i have set right now
i am not so clear about your answers.
current date please
let us do it again please.
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
order a large pepperoni pizza from dominos to go
call an uber now
tell me the artist of this song
remove eggs for the shopping list
how much has hp stock gone up
show me latest notifications
sorry but it is incorrect.
you have got my instructions right.
find me any news from so clean the last six hours
tell me the name of this music
s2, i was unclear about what you've just said.
tell me what time it is in dallas texas
compose a new email but i got a new address this time brandon at example dot com
play the kansas city hip hop station
what is the traffic this morning
stop, this is not right answer.
mute for twenty minutes
will there be snow this week
can you please turn up the lights
i want to resume where i last left off in my audio book
is there any salon in babaji nagar
light is too much
turn off my bedside lamp please
power off wemo plug socket
olly could you please shut off.
opinion about latest gadgets
please turn off my alarm for this evening
note current song as awesome please
i need to create a new to do list
olly can you stop it.
latest news on traffic at my current location
add apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contact list
how long until my order is ready
begin vacuum
search for trains leaving tonight for london
please sent this email to my friend
turn on a country music station
could you please turn on the plug
did tracy update her facebook status today
are there any unread emails from patrick
do i have an alarm set
i want to know the latest local news of the city
what times do my alarms go off
show the list that are available with numbers
what are you doing
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts
start the robotic vacuum
delete this item
ten percentages of hundred
what movies are playing this week
where did he was yesterday
clear my activities list for today
what alarms do i all have set
hockey
turn off the living room lights
could you just cancel it please.
can i see my facebook feed
show me what time it is
speak quieter
can you order me some buffalo chicken pizza
is logan a good movie to watch
i love that song
this is not the correct answer.
tell me the direction to miami from chicago
buy me a ticket to take the train to atlanta
slightly raise the light
remind me to pick up john from the airport tonight at eight
get rid of my eight am alarm
you did good job, thanks.
cancel all meetings for today
post that i am going to woodland shoe store
dim the lights in the living room
would you repeat the last please.
tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
is there an alarm for ten am
how many hours distance is between my location and new york
The latest climate and weather news
olly i would like you stop.
refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
send an email to mom subject weather body what is the weather like there this week
let's roll the dice
do not mind to select any one.
appreciated, that is great job.
turn the volume off
please begin clash of clans
i need the exchange rate for the us dollar and the euro
what is the name of the music playing now
exchange rate of yan with dollar
olly skip two songs
open podcast player
what are the current movies playing in me area
that does not matter.
post a new status on facebook saying that i am enjoying the nice weather
what cd is this song on
access latest news
customer service complaint tweet the following
how many emails do i have in the last fifteen minutes
could you tell me one more time please.
any events this weekend in pondichery
amazing response to the command.
hey today i was fired from my job
check and confirm the detail please.
what is on my alarm schedule
what home alarms have been set
will you check and confirm instruction.
play the scarlet letter
turn corner light on
lets send a tweet
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
order pizza for delivery
brew coffee at noon
please turn on my smart plug socket
i like music from when i was a teenager in the
no, you don't get what i just requested.
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with my request.
please can you check the last thing i said.
is there any traffic downtown right now
what is the weather like in grand rapids mi
remove all alarms if any
doesn't matter with me, olly.
delete event from mine
where is the nearest train to me
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
please find all name start with alphabetic of a and create a list
mute sound from speakers
what is a good place for cruise
how many calories are in a one divided by of peanuts
what things can't you do
turn room light off
Is it going to be windy on Saturday in denver
play cricket
whats needed to make pizza
it was nice one, thanks.
make my iroomba clean the living room
what mexican food is around me
send email to mom and tell her see her at disney world
what's jesse's birthday
remind me at five pm
who is singing that song on now
is there a sports bar near kansas city plaza area
you didn't say my name right.
tell me how to make garlic bread
what was the date when the plum street temple in cincinnati ohio was built
what is the time difference between my location and hong kong
delete the list created yesterday
please show me lists
please start joe rogan podcast please
please change the volume to mute
wake me up at seven am
hi google play me playlist wacky in my gaana application
what can i cook with broccoli and chicken
i would like to listen to this programme on radio
wake me up at six thirty
i want the music to be saved can you do it for me
did i receive any new email
i would like to continue my audiobook
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at seven am
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar
would you stop please.
one more time again.
give me the list of circus shows going on in the city right now
what new movies available today
this alarm needs to be permanently silenced
s2, can not get this.
how much yens per u. s. d. today
book uber from my home
start the coffee maker
repeat song
put sam@gmail dot com in my email contacts list
are there any available train tickets to reserve
tweet complaint to consumer service
could you tell me it one more time please.
please search for dining tables
tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty one is
list things on my list
play for me american idol show
you did awesome job,.
please email celine
list all the shops that are located in milan
any one is good, olly.
start music
delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks
elaborate me about your answers further.
find my thai takeaways around grassmarket
were the stocks rising or declining
uhh no, i think not right response.
tell me when i get new emails from principal lowry
read me back whats on my shopping list
how do you make pasta
change this time to ist
tell me the train ticket price of california to chicago
give me the stock price of intel
when is the next train to new york
tweet a complaint to old navy website
give me the time in phoenix az
tell me the name of the song
drive the car and bring my friends over
what is a good vegan egg substitute
is swat a good movie
play my bookmarked audiobook
it was cool, i appreciate it.
explain me further on what you have said please.
please add this song to work out playlist
what day today
what is time now in california
what's john's home phone number
slow rock it's ok
what is in my favorites music folder
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph
how is the traffic situation in houston street
decrease brightness
are you aware this joke
create a playing teams and play with them
please could you confirm instruction.
run game
how do i duct tape a gooseto apig
bring up papa pear saga
rearrange that off the list
book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
how do i set the timer on my coffee machine
confirm last thing said please.
quiet on
use facebook to post
who is the artist of the song playing now
turn my bedroom lights off
are you sure its going to rain tomorrow
set an alarm for twelve
i want an alarm for six am everyday
google what is the temperature outside
what day is the fifteenth
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
will i be able to get away with shorts today
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
send answer to george
what is today's current date
list all the events in my march calendar
dim the lights down a bit
send a test email to
louder please
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
pull up peking garden online
repeat this song
remove all my engagements from calendar for tomorrow
what is going on around me
off lights
start over.
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
the song playing now is released by which artist
lower lights
what going on
check the current playing music title
is there any new environmental news
brew some coffee
what is the best method to decide what the best thing to do isre
can you change my time zone to central
go to the next episode in this podcast
order one burger
hey olly chance the current light settings
tweet to amazon about late delivery of my tv
how high is the quality of this stone
i want a not only to direct me to an internet site but actually answer any given question
calculate two plus 29
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon
what are my new contact emails
forward this one
what will be the weather update for monday noon
save this song
change the bedroom lights to green
traffic please
please start the coffee pot
repurchase last train ticket to phillyx
are there any events happening this weekend
celebrities
resume animal farm
do i have any new tweets
increase the volume of the speaker
play keno
i would like to hear what i've said again.
whats on my list for the time being
set the volume higher
get news about new foreign policy
give me the stock price of apple
please arrange to make all lights to show brighter
please turn the lights off in the bathroom
please thumbs up this song
play animal farm
put this on my facebook
tell me about the list
i want you to remove this event
on third april we will go to watch j llb movie set it
wonderful job, you have done well.
raise all the lights on
please create a new list
i can't hear you speak up
please cancel.
is jimmie's party on friday cancelled
can you please turn on npr where i am
where are italian restaurants in me area
play for me american idol on television
please make me a cup of coffee
open book
hey play my favourite podcast from list
uhh no, you didn't interpret the request right.
what is the time in australia right now
turn off smart socket
send mom the following email
who was the first president of united states
tell me the office address of my brother
please reset that.
do you know how to answer this math question
please give me today's date
can you tell me about my meetings next week
please set the alarm for seven
disable all alarms set for today
what lists available
please contact michael m from my list with this text
delete all my appointments for today
i am not clear about your words.
please book a taxi for me
please inform me of any new status updates
too private
contacts please
you gave me not correct information.
play game
open up a new list
paper scissors or stone
activate radio and tune into nine hundred and eighty nine
tell me the latest news from bbc sports
open calendar and make an event reminder
get rid of tax list from nineteen ninety
could you please check that.
i need some sushi what's closest
what meetings are available in march
start my robot vacuum cleaner by ten to eleven am daily
where is mcdo
i would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
give details of rock sand
Show current local events
what is your mood today
please let me know the morning alarm time for weekdays
how's the weather today
describe london for me please
give me today's calendar events after six pm
ah it's great work.
train leaving
play my favorite music
can i order takeaway from spanish place
olly i would like you just cancel it.
tell me all about hurricane
dentist appointment today at nine am
what song am i listening to
i want to email my supervisor
yeah please.
change the color of my porch lights to green
i like this song
can i get delivery from here
increase the volume of the music to ninety
please place my new email address to the contact
get me up in half an hour
hows many more reminders are left
update alarm
describe the computer to me
let's do math
ask for the weather today morning
what time is bina going live with her sale on facebook
what gun shows are in tulsa
whats happening in ny
turn the robot vacuum cleaner on
did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar
please open my fm radio and play nine hundred and eighty seven
please order some sushi for dinner
hi can you please turn lower the lights
can i have timing of keral express
info of the upcoming events
did sara tried to call me
look up the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
lower the lights in bedroom two
shuffle song
what's on my todo list
say what you've said one more time again please.
down
what was the weather for the week
will you rephrase this again to me please.
you need to find an alternate route to my destination
play anything new from my podcast subscriptions
what is photosynthesis
find me a nice restaurant for dinner
i am not so clear about that.
tell chris i will be late through email
let me hear some music
set alarm for twelve weeks from today at eight am
what time is it in england
please delete all my calendar events
what are the lyrics to the song i will always love you by Dolly parton
let's do it again please.
please turn off all the lights in my house
is my order at domino's ready
add pencil to school supplies list
will you just stop please.
call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
read me new messages from name
did renee just post to my facebook feed
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
find my next event and delete it please
when is dale's birthday
i need directions to lowes in mount h nj
what are the train times for today
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
i want to hear a funny joke
get me news on trump
s1, please clarify me about your answers once again.
start chapter five of physics for future presidents
twenty ninth march comes on what day
siri what does survey mean
how many contacts do i have in my phone book
turn off this light
i really enjoyed sunny day today
play my country playlist
we should play nfs at high speed
set a wake up call for ten am
really don't mind, olly.
tell me about my upcoming week
vacuum the living room carpet
check item five on my to do list
after this song play atmosphere
be silent for thirty minutes
please go to next date
i am in need of a taxi right now
play the serial podcast
what is the financial capital of canada
would you please shut up.
drop it from list
can you find an animal joke for me
what is the exchange rate as of today
you're too loud
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
olly brighten the lights
what time is set for my wake up alarm
are there any roadblocks
set my alarm for twelve pm
open audiobook
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
this is unimportant, olly.
lights off
set a meeting with tom tomorrow at seven pm
that is all, just cancel.
buy me today train ticket to city leeds
olly please can you just stop it.
please turn off the lights
in five sentences let me know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey
which are well reviewed movies by emma watson
nice job, you have done well, olly.
coffee make now
it will be good if you yellowish the light
tell me what time it is right now
open songs by prince
what clothing shops are close to my current location
trending social media
define the word novel
please clean my shopping list
cancel meeting at three
turn my bathroom plug socket on
what movies are playing in columbia
what's today date
tell me about current status of sunderland vs liverpool match
show me the places where i was
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
remove standup on Friday at ten am
i love kfi so much he's by far my favorite
send email to nancy about tomorrow's work party details
what does my facebook feed look like
today wore me out
what is the current date today
post the following as a status on facebook
what's euro u. s. d. right now
wemo socket on
add shopping to my to do list
how cold is today
will you please again elaborate.
please book a train ticket from jodhpur to jaisalmer on sunday
what is the highest microsoft stock price today
turn down the lights
skip ahead to the next podcast
robot vacuum cleaner on
olly will you please shut off.
tell me about the events going on around my location
google train tickets to washington dc
play most recent podcast upload
please give me directions to a park near me
make me a cup of coffee please
define flabbergasted
how hot is it in miami
lower the volume
define cpu
change the music mode to rock
how big is the tower of london
thanks for reminding me.
how long was bryan cranston on breaking bad
please turn off the smart socket
where can i eat along route sixty six
fraud in weighing products
turn up the lights in the living room
delete happy dance playlist
how many rivers are there in europe
let's play workout playlist
can you remove remove buying eggs item from my to do list
is bills house number in my contacts
when does the last train from work leave
by main power off
you've got the answer perfectly.
what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck
remind me to have launch with boss today at one pm
resume the playback of zanes se chronicles
anything unique to do in the city today
where can i get organic wheat
unmute
could you please yell the answer out to me
my list please
one more again please.
any one will be okay with me, olly.
send email to mom asking about the weather
turn off the light
i want to play solitare with you
is there a sporting event tomorrow in chicago
turn up the volume on my speakers
you have got the answer exactly.
give me the weather for merced at three pm
what are the current stock prices for google
i want to order some takeout food
what country has the most population
how many work contacts are in my phone book
can save this music in my playlist
how big is russia
repeat previous song
don't really bother.
call an uberpool to get me at long island bar
what is that once again.
tell me weather forecast
is the road in some particular area wide or narrow
add a movie name to the wish list
change the light colour to green
please delete all meeting after seven am
have i made loss in which stocks
give me the list of the top five safest cars to buy
confirm a travel ticket to german
please check and confirm the command.
please open go fish game and play it with me
please clean my calendar
tell me what alarms are set for me
look to see if luigi's has takeaway
i want you to fast forward the audio then resume
do not mind.
that's cool,, olly.
set colour blue for all lights of my house
show current news from bbc
tweet complaint to sony consumer service
how do i braise a pork loin
please turn on my wemo plug socket
what is weather today
what day of the week is the first of march
delete lunch tomorrow
can you wake the roomba for the kitchen
i like it
what's the name of this song
list entry
hmm, not correct response.
can you play tic tac toe
when is the yearly cultural event coming up
order a train ticket to los angeles now
create an alarm for five pm
go back
yeah right.
yeah you understood command correcly.
mute for one hour
please update list with new item
please put radio in shuffle
please let me know the time of train northern rail
play a news radio station
set notification from world news
have i received any emails about jared's birthday
call a taxi to pick me up at work
has wendy posted on facebook
please turn off the smart plug socket
look up animal and give me the definition
what is the latest traffic report for miami
give me a joke
make an alarm for four pm
save that email as a new contact
please turn down the lights in the living room
play my favourite podcasts
book a ticket for the ethan allen express to vermont
play the electronic playlist
visit metronorth dot com to help me purchase train tickets
order one coffee from nearest coffee shop
I'd like to play UNO with you
please create a new contact information about jo
how many alarms are currently on my phone
store my contacts
just how bad is traffic on my commute
tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here
i am interested in what emotions are conveyed in grateful dead music
local theater screening which movie
i need to delete the alarm for church on sundays at eleven am
whats the weather like right now in new york
please change the colour of the lights i'll tell you when to stop
turn wemo plug socket on
stop play
can you boil the kettle
how deep is the deepest point of the grand canyon
what does h2o stand for
please do not talk for thirty minutes
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
did angelina jolie leave brad pitt
play billybob show on bbc radio four
tweet error log to samsung
can you tell me the time in new york
give me the names of my lists
please play for me elvis presley song again
tell me how to cook meatballs
that isn't what i meant.
what is my location
give me red lights
tweet to consumer service that they should strive to be more accommodating
turn off audio
any recent emails
remove dinner with mike from my calendar
arrange a taxi
start a list
that would be all.
turn off living room lights
have a moan at easyjet
start a pot of coffee please
what is the exchange rate between the dollar and the euro currently
ah that's awesome work.
post a tweet as follows very bad follow up by abc company not satisfied in my account
that's nice one, thanks.
play for me the game harry potter and the chamber of secrets
please remove dinner date scheduled for this friday at nine pm
what are the names of all my saved lists
can i change this light to orange
strongly agree.
tell me it one more again please.
delete that item from my list
does the restaurant have carryout
please check new email from andy
i just ordered food call and see it has been delivered
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
i need a taxi in thirty minutes
what's the dollar's exchange rate with the euro
what's the exact time we get food delivered once we place an order for food
can you tell me what happened to my social media
give details about the current traffic
how much philippine peso do i need to make fifty dollars
please will you clarify me more on that.
olly i need the living room vacuumed can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
what is the exchange rate for pounds and u. s. d.
channel seventy two point five
have you responded my phone calls
do i need a light or heavy jacket today
dollar rate at present
let's try what you have said again.
thank you very much for your answers.
change my alarm
whats happening around my town
delete the monthly recurring team meeting till june
find me a bar in cleveland open until two am
find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
are there any updates on facebook
can you put on the next i heart music radio show
what is there to do in new york city
i don't have enough money to buy the nintendo switch right now can you please remove it on my amazon wishlist
set alarm of every tuesday of march month morning eight am
cancel the alarm at four am ten pm
please tell me when i can become rich if i invested in dow stocks today and what will be the return after five years
move to next section
play jumper by third eye blind
i'd like you to confirm that please.
play the veldt by
play neil sedaka
inform me about the most popular rom com movie playing now in theatres across new york
complain to philips
can you please clarify me about this further.
how the list of upcoming events
lower the lights in the house please
what is the stock price of sensex right now
for how many years was abraham lincoln president of united states
i want the room to be less bright
i want to know if the olive garden provides takeaway
add lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
hey i need you to make a list of cricket players of indian team who played for the international team in two thousand and fourteen
what is a good lave to eat near me
please add smurfette@gmail dot com to my email contacts
lights dim
could you check what just said.
play all by the beatles
book an outstation cab for tomorrow
go near vacuum cleaner
change the lights in my home to orange
four plus five equals nine
what is the root of six hundred and twenty five
hey what's today's date
reserve the closest uber
what are the events conducted in new york
that is enough, just cancel it.
whatever is okay with me.
turn my audio higher
turn on flappy bird
what is the time difference between pacific and central
remove the milk from the shopping list
it is of no importance, olly.
remove books from list
s1, further rephrase me about what you just said now please.
book me a return trip from edinburgh to london by train
start a match of chess
please erase the next birthday event
explanation of the song
what day does my birthday fall on next year
what events are scheduled for me to do today
take away all events
how long will it take me to get to the west side
turn off my first alarm
i need to know if mr pizza delivers
i need a train ticket to denver
what is the answer to dollars minus dollars
skip this podcast
that is nice work, thanks.
delete from playlist my old english songs list
remind me to water my plants every tuesday thursday and saturday
turn on silent mode until my alarm goes off
is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
tell me sum of five and six
book a taxi to go to the movies at one
cleaning is good dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
turn off kettle socket
awesome job, you did well.
i did not catch that.
can you pause and rewind the audio then resume
how much is a round trip train ticket to go to new york
i think you did the task incorrectly.
remove night night playlist
tell me a joke about lawyers
what are trending topics on twitter right now
would you set the coffee maker running
what bands are playing close by
please increase volume in music player
start the robot vacuum cleaner at one pm today
find the events
you've done your understanding correcly.
disable music player
tell me the weather for new york city
how to calculate trigonametry
read my lists to me
did paul email me recently
length of traffic
activate silent
add the item to the list
what's the latest on stock market
skip to next nyt podcast
tell apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
wikipedia page about sean connery
clear list
can you please change the time zone to us
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
turn on vacuum cleaning
annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food
lower my music player volume by fifty percent of its current level
please make me some coffee
please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
email me the lyrics to this song
how strong is the dollar compared to the peso
where are my takeaway order
how far is parana river
i do not really care.
show me some vegan restaurants close by
who wrote the song i just wanna dance with you
delete all events and content from my calendar
forget alarm
start angry bird
what is the exchange rate between money i'm the united states and switzerland
recommend a restaurant with medium expense
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
remove last played song
please will you reset.
send a tweet
please confirm my last question.
will you please show me my lists
turn off the bedroom lamp
i need a cup of coffee
put the item on the list
stock price for gss energy
i watched the best movie please reserve me a copy when it releases
what day of the week is first april
cross out bread from shopping list
what is the weather update for tuesday
yeah that is perfect.
can you find the the preacher joe show on gospel radio
tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet
what the singer meant by the title of the song bohemian rhapsody
what is computer
please stop talking
i like soft rock music
what's on my schedule this week
will you check what i said please.
i do not know.
pick up we left off on battle royale
how many sides are on a pentagon
open pandora and play top hits
add jim and jerry to event
tea shop
prepare my coffee
i need to cancel my rsvp for dinner this evening can you remove it on my calendar as well
i'm looking for some dress shows can you find clothing stores within one mile
music change
it is nine here what time is it in california
ocean eleven
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at three pm next friday
remove next meeting today in my calendar
switch the smart plug socket
set meeting with the ceo tomorrow
please tell me a shop where i can find books to buy
will you please play a podcast
send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to consumer digest
could you tell me it once again please.
which song is currently playing
local area events
please tell me the definition of home
may i know the traffic situation
switch to los angeles time
change lights to red
give me the opening stock price of infosys technologies today
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
would you just cancel it please.
any one would be fine for me.
new twitter message
does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway
are there any unread messages in my inbox
please switch on my wemo plug socket
is my schedule full for tomorrow from eight am to two pm
how many times does fifty go into one million
tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
what is happening on facebook
recommend me some shops to shopping in angel
launch game
could you elaborate me more on your response please.
i need a taxi at eight tomorrow morning to take me to work
repeat the song playing now
dammit, not right response.
post i am happy to facebook
how much is ten u. s. d. to cad
i want to listen to electric slide
add new email address
i want to listen daily to this song
how is the traffic on third street
how can a cook risotto
will you cancel it.
where is a good place to eat cheap pakistani food
continue pride and prejudice
please show me a list of entertainment options in my area
make the light in here redder
what time does the first train depart from chicago
switch on the lights
i want to listen to the radio
set the alarm tone
where is a petrol station in five mile radius
provide contact location
how long will it take to get home
are there any events coming up
i want to order a takeaway from papa john's
what kind of free activities can i do locally this week
notification regarding the new iphone release update
read out my list for today
please can you confirm it.
how do i book a train ticket online
please set the lights off in the living room
what events are happening this weekend in my area
book a train ticket for one one way for this tuesday at nine am
play the two towers
tell me about activities in my area this weekend
what alarms are set for today
who's current music's author
how did your day go
add dan@dancom to my contacts
how do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner
transition to another color for the lights
find recipe chicken casserole
i wouldn't really care.
i couldn't get what you've said.
instagram
brighten the lights in living room
which alarms do i have
is adele going to go on tour
open my amazon music app and play my playlist
what's on the radio right now
mute yourself when i am in a meeting
silently adjust
delete the party on june first from my calendar
exact response to the command.
i want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in california
s1, would you explain me about what you have just said once again.
will you have the vacuum start cleaning
can you please check command.
what is john smith's home phone number
do i have any calendar events this month
set the living room lights to red
check question.
i am sorry but i think you're incorrect.
do i need to wear sunscreen today
stock google find out
what is on my to do list today
open fm
please increase the light
what is the song currently playing
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow
to do list for today please
start email
events in me area
i need a good shop
power down the plug socket one
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
make the smart socket turn off
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
set my calendar for an alarm at five pm tuesday
give me the definition of the word fondle
play my book
please tell me to take my umbrella because it will be very hot today
given it is four thirty five pm in london what time is it in melbourne
please check my playlists for jazz music
do i have any missed call from patrick
this was not what i am searching for.
play the next episode of radiolab
lower the lights in the living room
order two medium cheese and one medium pepperoni pizza from dominoes
can you tell me a good place to eat
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality
tell me about rock
set an alarm for four in the afternoon
what is the number of the closest taxi company
what's the next event at the library
can you tell me what list i have
what are meeting scheduled for today
compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better
can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup
could you please once again elaborate to me.
what's happening near me this week
do i have an alarm set for morning flight
what is the square root of four
buy me a train ticket
how long until we get to chicago
have you heard any good jokes lately
write a complaint to best buy
what is glass made of
check my list
where is the nearest pub in the city
yeah fantastic.
can you mute when i am not home
lower the volume please
send me the last list uploaded
give me low lighting in the kitchen
i would have avoided the traffic if i went early
please speak one more time again.
shit, not correct.
are there any events going on in milan
s2, i didn't catch up with you.
i feel like playing chess can you play that
what color is a dragon fruit
please share up to the minute details on sprint
i want to slow down my speaker
what is the recipe for apple pie
what did jeff post on the yard sale page
hey olly play the radio
i would like to listen to howard stern on ninety seven point nine fm
how much do you know about me
schedule a journey to las vegas by train
clear all from my iphone
set a reminder for two days prior of the event
resume war and peace
why do some people still think the earth is flat
play the previous podcast
could you fix me some coffee
call sarah
please turn the volume to the loudest setting
i think this is not correct command.
find new trump articles but not from fox news
Put milk on my shopping list
please provide world hot news
can you put this on facebook
yes you have gotten it exactly.
please read the last email for me
how old is barack obaba
your words was not so clear.
play games
give me the alarm times for the next two days
march tenth lands on what day of the week
could you please hire me a taxi to go to the opera tonight
will you replay what you have said please.
what is amber stevens address it is in my contacts
this is not what i requested.
call taxi
can you book an uber for me
can you say one more again.
add apples to shopping list
would you tell me that once again.
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to nj today
shit, not correct response.
whats the best way to france
shazam this music
can you just cancel please.
is starbucks stock up or down from last quarter
buy me a ticket to boston
will you rephrase me about your response once again please.
what alarms do i got
where should i avoid this morning
what is the sensex and nifty points for today
please power down
tell me about it
what do you mean by it.
play my most played songs
locate me the amazon restaurants
turn lights to green
any incoming emails in the last five minutes
remove all the events of last month from the calendar
show me what lists are available
please tell me the main points of my two hundred meeting from this afternoon
the joke of the day
what's that the album is current music from
get the duet game
please remove my alarm
delete the first alarm
tweet @wendys that i don't like their product
where is morocco located
tell me the artist name
yeah correct response to the command.
hey does that restaurant have takeout
make a reservation for two at olive garden
latest news update
who built the prado museum
i will talk to you later.
traffic report
reply email
let me know the time in india
make a things to do list
uh no, it isn't what i am looking for.
the volume of the music playing now should be raised
book me a uber for tomorrow night at six pm
White
play jack johnson playlist music
open the profile of allen from my contact
send email how are you dad to dad
send me notice of meeting wednesday nine am
sarcastic jokes
play me a game of tic tac toe
near pizza shops
tell me the time in this time zone
i need to know how to make stuffed peppers
play last reason podcast
how slow is traffic on the five
uh no, you've done in wrong manner.
do i have any alarms set for tomorrow
what is elvis favorite ride
horoscope
i need to set up a new list
turn down the speakers
start a cup of coffee for me
s2, i am unclear about your words.
move on to the next podcast episode
that is correct.
yes that's amazing.
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
tell me why relationships are so hard
clean the floor please
loop this track
uhh no, you gave me not correct information.
book a train ticket to canada this evening
let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please
tell me my music likes
add alarm
let me get a cup of coffee please
play party songs
describe what a sphere is
order spaghetti from spaghetti warehouse to bring home
what day is this event scheduled for
spread some lights
can you please clarify me more on your answers.
i don't mind for whatever.
send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it apologize for being late
find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it
wake me up at five am
play the client by john grisham
what were the first number of email subjects i got today
strongly agreed.
please turn on repeat all
i want more light
start next episode playing
brighter
please indicate the opening price of fra stock
repeat the last song
speak softer please
i am not so clear about what you just said.
turn on my alarm
can i find out information about a contact
could you get john's email address for me
what's the email address of silvia
that was good one, thank you so much.
i have no idea, olly.
start the poker game
i want to figure out the stock on microsoft
replay please.
give me current information about traffic at central park road
save my music preferences
i really enjoy rock and roll
at what time have you set alarm for me
make the lighting bit more warm here
play my first favorite song on loop
i would like to hear some rap music
play rohan sharma podcast for me
noodles one pack make it as takeaway
next podcast
show me share price of facebook
when was the song playing now released
hey turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
change the colours please
how would you describe the internet
resume harry potter book one
delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
set up an alarm clock at one pm
what have i got going on between three and four pm today
thanks but this is not the right response.
give me the definition of school
open temple run game
could you play poker with me
would you please check the detail.
how me the time now in boston
please be silent until i tell you not to be
set lights brightness higher
check all new emails in my inbox
please turn off the lights in bedroom
jazz could be choice for me
set to silent for five minutes
turn on the roomba
i'd like to hear the last utterance spoken again.
i need to change my house lights colour to blue
usa today headlines
Song next please
what's the temperature
please turn the lights up to eight
please start the vacuum cleaner
can you please check the last thing i said.
veganism
email dad how is the weather this week
are you real
turn the lights brighter
twenty minus ten
which place has more traffic
do you want to play
tell me that one more time again.
email my meeting details to my manager
open harrypotter audiobook and play from last played
can you play a game with me
change the lights to green
can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour
please would you reset.
switch from blue to yellow lights
current weather forecast
give me the specs on the bugatti veyron
pull up kate's email and write that i will let her know
local shops
skip to next podcast
was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday
i want to know what are happening now in me area
what's the closing price of abc
is it going to rain later
what's going on between three hundred and thirty and four
switch light to lowest level in dining area
what is happening in the world news
please start vacuum cleaner
how high is the s n. p
mute my speakers for a minute here i need to make a call
can you tell me a nice joke
hey does open sesame do take out
where is tuesday's morning meeting
can you tell me about the alarm called bed
any cultural events in california
i would like it if my robot could make money for me
olly that's all, just stop.
does pings do takeaway
will you please turn off the smart plug
what was the last thing my mom said
turn off eight am alarm
open subway surfers
start email for address not in contacts
when do i need to leave to pick up my order
start playing the hobbit
change house light colors to blue
what is the price of stock for gm
please will you try again.
please mute the television for one hour
google stock price
what's on tv
create an alarm for six am
can you make sure the kitchen light is off
remove grocery list
please add oranges to my grocery list
turn the lights on full bright
please start my podcast
please turn off the lights in this room
olly cancel alarms
wake me up at time
change the light color to black light
tell me a play list
i want to hear that again.
please replay your last statement.
order a train ticket to boston
add new email to contacts
confirm my alarm settings
post to facebook I'm home
is mysore going to be very hot and humid today whats the weather status
did you get the instruction correctly?
please delete all calendar events
what's the traffic on the one hundred and one
what's the value of the euro relative to nzd
how many countries are in the european union
make the speaker volume on maximum
lets hear it from fm ninety six point five
how much long until northern rail arrives at kings cross station
is there email id of john in the list
delete all appointments for tomorrow
what are the train times from san francisco to new york
add jpearsonjessica@gmail dot com to email contacts
what alarm do i have set for today
what is terranova stock going for
yeah fantastic response to command.
make the socket available for me
what does speaker mean
set an alarm for two hours from now please
what time can i call from pennsylvania and it will be business hours in australia
play the audiobook swan from first
list all of my upcoming alarms
i want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at one pm today
all rccg march event is to be added to my calendar
what time are my alarms set for
is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
turn all lights on
get me resume of best seller audio book this month
how much money in us would i need to have a thousand pesos
is it currently raining
have any jokes
what is the time in london
how is jennifer garner's career doing
have there been updates on abortion law
tell me my lists
book a first class ticket in the next train to miami
repeat that.
please confirm it.
could you tell me once again please.
resume pride and prejudice
mute all responses now
no lunch date tomorrow
play fault in our stars on audible
once again explain it to me.
have bing's stocks dropped
in the following week repeat this event at ten am every day
change the color of the lights to blue
nighttime mode
can you tell me today's date
hail taxi
how expensive is google stock
please would you tell me one more time again.
what are all the event in area
what time is it in london
fun things to do today
what music is playing right now
remove the item from list
how many contacts are there named john
i need a taxi to take me to the airport please
are there any fun things to do in seattle this weekend
check my twitter account
remove my bedtime alarm
make a coffee
how's the traffic downtown
can you book a train ticket to berkeley for me
get me a ride on the commuter train from nj to ny
explain how to set my coffee machine
you are my star, thank you so much.
what music is it
book uber taxi for my travel
play jingle bells next
play audio
i'd like you just stop.
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
i want a train ticket to oregon
get news from bbc
would you like to play never have i ever
is bills pager number in my contacts
commence coffee making
what is the status quo for traffic right now
clean the sofa with the vacuum cleaner
what is the dollar exchange rate
make me laugh
how many likes does my status from yesterday have
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for march twenty five
remind me about my monday meeting with peter francis fifteen minutes before the meeting
i feel like having soup for lunch order from wangs kitchen restaurant a chicken manchow soup
olly please cancel.
set the speakers to mute
place order of one pizza
how's are the roads looking right now
show me music by that artist
play yesterday's hot ninety seven morning show
please shut up.
start house cleanup
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
set alarm at ten am
i need to order some food from papa john's
what is jeff's number
super song
remind me about calendar
please delete this file
i didn't catch that.
yes the command was confirmed.
what time is it on the west coast
start vacuum cleaner now
how warm is it in columbus ohio
can you set an alarm for seven am
start podcast mlb daily
reduce volume
who wrote the song that is playing
get me a taxi to take me to the airport on friday at five thirty am
continue audiobook playback
what time is the evening meeting i have with john
let me know when the next cold front is expected
please order me lo mein and egg rolls from panda express now
find a non stop train to seattle
mute the speakers
oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
please could you replay.
what's it like outside
s2, i could not get that.
put dark colours instead of light ones in the house
did the yankees win last night
start cleaning floors
yeap it was correct.
what is the status of my order no
i need to hear the volume of the current music
brighten lights in living room
what is the exchange of euro to dollars
conversion between dollars and pounds
find john smith from alabama
let me know about the alarms you set
that is all.
what time will my alarm go off today
create a new list by tomorrow
bed room two switch off the lights
s2, i was not so clear about what you said now.
what is new in politics today can you filter out trump news though
make all the lights in the house orange
what are the ingredients necessary
take away my alarm for tomorrow at four thirty am
i want to change the light colors
let us try your last things once more please.
is there a food festival in the area
how is the weather likely to be this week
hey put carrots on that
olly please would you stop.
send a text to alice
what are the vietnamese restaurants in the area
what is the definition of a probiotic
make lights brightener
find me the latest podcast about president trump and his immigration ban
can i please have a cafe americano
delete the dog list for me
access coffee maker begin process
will i need an umbrella today
can we play a game of hangman
search and play a radio station with news
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to pali
set alarm at two am
please give me details of allen from my contact
you are chatbot
please switch off the light
it's dark in here
oops, you're wrong.
i need to set an alarm for next friday at noon
say a funny
i want to cancel the recording i have on the dvr list for this morning
play my game
set an alarm at ten tomorrow to remind me a meeting
rate this song to the maximum
delete my six am alarm
if it is four pm in missouri what time is it in london
get rid of the five pm alarm
remind me to eat when i get home
set the music volume to ninety
tell me lexmark's current stock price
i think you didn't understand me.
how old is brad pitt
delete list
it's eight fifty five here what time is it in england
post to twitter trump is such an ass
turn down media volume
you like the song
what music do i usually like after work
look up word
send a giggle my way
please submit status to facebook
vacuum the floor
make vacuum cleaner start
have i gotten any emails from mom lately
please turn up the volume
what is the nine am cst to est
wouldn't really know, olly.
please let me know when is sam's birthday
is it joes birthday soon
lower the light intensity
what alarms do you have set
play the seventh episode of the morning after
uh no, you gave me incorrect information.
i would like to start a new list
make me a cup of coffee
change lights to blue
i need to go to lyon book a train ticket
open news about bp oil
could you shut up.
how often do you complete updates
jump to next podcast
what is the name of this song playing right now
when was this song released
resume the two towers audiobook
i need to make a list
did i get an email from jen last night
turn the lights down in the living room
local show
pull up lights control
delete my shopping list
closest chipotle
can you recommend good stores in this area
where is kansas located
i want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me like how often i've eaten out this month
will you speak once again please.
i am sorry but this was not the right command.
hey order two wings with french fries from the chinese food store
what day is it today
find me info on cars
book a ticket to ny by train
start house cleaning
what is a funny joke
switch on the green light in playroom
change to blue
have my iroomba clean the house
turn wemo plug socket off
all lights colour to blue please
what time does the last train arrive in dallas
turn off media volume
turn off the light in the bathroom
please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle
please add list of things to buy for party
book for me a train ticket to new york
how many days are in this month
play anything by cat stevens and i'll be happy
what open lists do i have
initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
where is the shopping mall for shirts
call a taxi for me
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
tell me all events for today in my city
turn the wemo off
i would like you stop.
where is the closest restaurant
did i receive any email in the past hour
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
i want to take karate classes where are local karate studios
book a local cab
lets play pinball
do they have takeout
open takeout menus
order two pizzas from dominoes
yes great response to the command.
can you tell me what the white house is
color of light should be dimmed bright
Define economics
shall we play a game
make the volume to zero
add paper towels to the grocery list
please show me the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
please restart the handmaid's tale
what happened to my pizza order it has been an hour since i ordered
can you set my alarm for seven thirty am
please check alarms
what is two plus four
are there any accidents on the four hundred and five
hi what kind of pictures you uploaded in pinterest
listen carefully that is not correct.
is euro the best currency to trade
what is in a curry
whatever is ok with me.
where can i order takeout
does restaurant have takeaway
what's the song title
your answer is not clear.
what is traffic like
add this song to my favorite list
where is the hottest place on earth
olly shuffle playlist
book for me a train ticket to washingdon dc
what's jesse's number
could you please tell me what time is in singapore
restart bill nye book
please say one more time again.
could you get me some coffee
access recipe book please
i want to raise the light
can you play the next episode please
erase my whole calendar
please set this date to repeat
what's happening in world news today
can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti
turn lights off in living room
put a seven pm meeting time down for march fourteenth
play the miami heat and warriors game
do you recommend any movies that are currently playing in me area
play any song of arijit singh
do we add rosemary in pasta
exchange rate of euro with dollar
thanks for the answer.
set meeting with joanna on Saturday four pm
i dont want sound
tell me the list about
really i would not mind.
turn the vibrate off from speaker
turn the lights off now
this does not matter, olly.
directions to sainsburys
how many millilitres is two table spoons
how many kids jackie chan does have
place an order for two pizzas from dominoes
shutoff light in the kitchen
yes affirmative.
adjust the lights to a lower setting please
turn off all the lights in the living room and den
replay the last utterance said.
write this message to the coworker group
what's the time in dubai
local events
quieter
can i see my lists for today
area of north america
play music i have liked
find me a recipe of spaghetti
can you please book train tickets for two for this friday
markets near by
dammit, that's not what i said.
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and inr
i find rap music really enjoyable
please recommend a restaurant in seattle
play r and b
need a hot coffee
i need to find a gift what stores are within a one mile radius
what is trending on twitter
what ingredient can be used to replace white wine
please tell kmart they sent the wrong item
turn up sound
dim the lights in the hall
s1, please once again clarify to me.
light color change
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
how much is one dollar in pounds
hi there tell me latest updates of times of india page in facebook
what is going on in me area today
read email
wouldn't mind for any one.
help me call james
what is my eta to the office if i leave in thirty minutes
what's happening here
please raise the lights to max
audio
remove my work alarm
please play me a song from my favourite list
define elaborate
tweet a complaint to comcast
how much was airtel sold for sometime back
please say what you've just said once again.
tell me once more please.
write an email recipient ray
outside traffic status please
the wemo plug should be turned off on
can you tell how many hours of difference are between boston and los angeles
no, i think that's not the right response.
set a calendar event to repeat yearly on this date
what is job title of jan medvesek
do you know any good jokes
what is your best joke
is it going to be cloudy in london during the weekend
open google keep
do you have any suggestion action movies
put hamburger on my grocery list
please start the coffee
does fongs do carry out
remove the fundraiser for dolphines in april
hold
are there any cooking classes nearby my area
give me time
i've got dollars for the month how much can i spend every day this month
please give me the traffic report for this afternoon
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
could you please tell me the meaning for the item laptop
is there any event around
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
turn the lights higher
can you confirm what said please.
what do i have next to do
yes wonderful response to command.
make my calendar empty
if i have a dablune how many dollars is that
what is a canadian dollar worth in the us
that is unimportant with me.
show me my latest social media activity
what's happening in the news
can we please lower the lights
add this email to my contact list
i am sorry but you have messed up with my request.
may i ask you to dim the lights
should i take my raincoat with me now
recipe please
create new list
please turn down the lights in the house
please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me
remove a list of accessories purchase last week
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
get me a train ticket to go to
can you find a nice restaurant downtown
i would like to solve maths issues
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
what's the best italian restaurant in atlanta
i want you to check what just said please.
set an alarm for seven am
is it sunny in gonbad now
ask if deliver
define and describe an ultraviolet ray
show me what day the thirty first is on
show me share price of tata
tweet verizon customer service
please turn on the wemo plug socket
please shut the lights
turn off bedroom light at nine thirty pm
show time in china
send mail to mom i am planning vacations with her next week
answer email
can you tell me the contact information of jo
what is the time in ajmer
tell me some joke
please put in an order from red thai fpr this evening
olly please can you shut off.
can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter
where is the closer starbucks
how many lists are open
what are the latest tweets from the new york times
check for recent news stories on msnbc
i could not quite catch up with you.
please check what said.
whats the date today
please turn off the light
make a catalogue
book me a train ticket to barcelona please
how much is twenty argentinian pesos in pounds
jay's phone number
how is the traffic near me
please pause this audio book now
what is going on right now on twitter
what is included in the tour's list
it was good job, i appreciate it, olly.
what is the best italian restaurant around here
travel book a train ticket
order a pizza
tell me the time when punjab mail will reach gwalior
mahaboobsayyad@gmail dot com
what does potato mean
what is six divided by two
send will do thanks to john as a reply to his last message
outlet off
say that again.
please increase the brightness in this room
how is the weather down in orange tx
please repeat the last sentence from that book
give me the details on purchase order
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
cut wemo power please
directions to the target on I forty
please read me my alarms
what is your prescription for long and healthy life
email hwu@gmail dot com add to email contacts
check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my location
you have done that right appreciated.
yes it's excellent.
order a takeaway
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
video games
check inbox for mail from sarah
what is playing at amc twenty
schedule an uber in twenty minutes to tesco on fifth street
that does not matter with me.
please takeaway of giving required of the restaurant
what is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
what is latest news about this world
don't bother, olly.
add this email to my address book
add chives to my shopping list
what is the difference between the rate of the american dollar and the pound
go to agha station
save my spotify preferences
look up the number of people living in miami florida
what's on your mind today
i like senatra songs
please post this picture on facebook
can you add up thirteen plus five plus nine for me
check what just said please.
can you shut off please.
can they do delivery
really i don't mind, olly.
any good movies
have i received any mail in the last hour
book train best deal
good morning isn't it a great day
what does pesto mean
shuffle the songs in the music library
how many likes did i get today
would you tell me one more again please.
can you turn off wemo plug socket
what's the funniest joke you know
exchange euro to dollar
current price of coca cola stock
what is the square root of thirty four
tune to pandora
what is the yen us dollar exchange rate
what's the stock of apple
please wake me up at eight am
could you do it again please.
what is the forecast
turn off the fan
take off my alarms
post a facebook status engaged
is it a soft evening tonight
what is twenty percent of one hundred and fifty
can you check and confirm details.
open terry's email
please remove the appointment which i have made with mrjim
that was cool, i appreciate it.
call china wok
pause for ten seconds
show me cooking websites
play my rock station on pandora
open lists remove list
what are the names of the lists that i have created
i want to listen to rock
what is on my shopping list
have no idea regarding to which to select.
Has @realdonaldtrump posted anything new on twitter
tell joke
where monet's exhibition takes place
delete the following list
show me reviews of my nearest location food court
what's in my list of tasks
what is the time in geneva
how about a game of snakes and ladders
make the lights blue in here
please check the traffic to the home
hey what does incite mean
how many degrees is it in orange tx right now
what day of the week is june twenty seventh on this year
what you said now was not clear.
olly please stop.
can you tell me the phone number of me
can you really see russia from alaska
describe to me what a ball looks like
please create a new tweet
please send an email to mom
how do i cook rice
is there a way to pull up information about a contact
remove all the events and schedules
do i have banana in my shopping list
find out the the train arrival time and book me
what is fourteen divided by two
i want all my events deleted
play newest reason podcast
i'd like to continue to the next episode
turn off room lights
start my bible study book again
recommend a blue grass band event within twenty miles of manchester ma this week
set the time
what is tomorrows events
darken the room a bit
add paav bhaji in menu card
i want to dance to the tune of raghu dixit
the music of this song is very melodious and relaxing
i appreciate it, that's great job.
switch on the plug
what is the answer to two plus two
divide one thousand five hundred by one hundred and sixty
yes exact response.
get me an uber please
lets get a taxi
play be warned by tech n9ne
what is the deepest point on earth
directions to virginia beach va
what events are going on in the area
turn off the rice cooker socket
turn it up
send an email for me
tell me if i should use the train or bus to get across town today
i need to hear again.
that is all, just cancel it.
olly could you shut down.
that's enough, just stop it.
make me a coffee
schedule a sales meeting for wednesday at eleven am
i was not so clear about what you've said.
find the joke about the orange and the banana
is the train time to a location long
book me a train ticket to chicago for tomorrow morning before ten
would you shut up.
open my calendar
open grocery list and add milk
save email id
schedule city cab from home to airport at eight am
how is the traffic now
will it be rainy tomorrow
how do you describe a capabara
what alarms are set
will you say what you have just said once more please.
time mr coffee for six am
tell me it one more time again please.
arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
check facebook and twitter and tell me if anything interesting is happening
have you made a mistake.
please will you just cancel.
alarm settings
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
check whether i have set any alarms for tomorrow morning
list current set alarms
how will be the weather at night
let's play a game
please give height of lindsey lohan
what movies are playing tonight at nine pm at the amc nine
it's good one, appreciated.
when is jacob's birthday
why did gotse shoot mahatma gandhi
i want exact time in washington right now
play the list from my favorites
this is a five star song
olly will you cancel please.
make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
it is very hot today is not it
that wasn't it.
turn up
check my last post on instagram
are there any emails i haven't read yet
dim the lights to level two
how is it outside today
system please dim lights to dull blue
can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approximately ten minutes from now
prepare a coffee
don't talk
reply email to charlotte
would you check my last command.
post this pic to facebook
send an email to adele
what are all the lists i have available
erase my next event
what is three times seven
please set an alarm for seven hundred and thirty am tomorrow
open twitter type my complaint and post to @consumer service
can you tell me which movie is going on in the nearby multiplex
birth date for movie star keanu reeves
how long until my order arrives
please check and tell me where is the location of toms new business
directions to nearest apple store
please repeat the last song
do i have an email from person a
i wouldn't really care, olly.
could you speak one more again please.
can you reserve a train ticket for this day
can you speak louder
change the lights to my favorite color
how many alarms do i have set
show me painting exhibition in bay area
What event do you suggest for me tonight
do i have any appointments coming up
add this song to favorites playlist
please just cancel.
be mute
create a new list for school supplies
what are the concerts happening nearby
remind me on fifth march of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
have i set any alarms in the morning
i'd like you just cancel.
list phone and email id of robert
make a coffee for me
what is the best recipe for tacos
thank you for the response, olly.
is it going to rain in seattle today
book a train ticket for me
turn lights off in bedroom
give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery
are there any tornado warnings today
what ingredients do i need for tomato soup
cancel all alarms
are there any alarms set
turn on living room radio
yes right response.
please will you elaborate further on last sentence.
fantastic work, you've done well.
set mute until said otherwise
should i wear gloves tonight
erase all events
what are some good restaurants near by
can you please order some food for me
silence for certain amount of hours
set alarm tomorrow at six am
it's time for junk food
show us red
i'd like a cappuccino please
what is the best hardware store near me
write down that i am going to meet with jenny on the third okay
how can i go from boston to new york by train
what is the forecast for the week
sorry but it was not the correct response.
tell me the song that is currently playing
play for me the music by madonna
what would be the exchange rate of currency in japan
add bruno mars to my favorites
what did the clinic say about my exams
is my wake up alarm set a six am
tell me if the olive garden allows takeaway
can you remove this item from the list
love me some brad paisley
turn speaker volume down
post to twitter got a hectic day ahead
what's the sum of the two numbers four and six
you've done it right thanks.
show me my meetings this Friday
what is the value of apple
if there any alarm is set then let me know
clear all data from calendar
please olly put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival diwali
check my email
please play some jazz music
set alarm to begin
amazing job, you have done well.
nightime
search for two tickets on tuesday's train to paris
let me know when charges hit my credit card
what is twelve divided by four
what do i need to get done today
write this complaint to comcasts customer service twitter
please tell me news related to the stock market
what's your favorite joke
that wasn't right.
erase shopping list
what does pda mean
send tweet to wallmart
set alarm at five am
tell them that their lines were too long
play today's podcast from the mi
please change the color of the light in the bathroom
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
make me a new checklist
it is too bright in here dim the lights
talk to you later.
what do i need to make lamb pathia
wake me at daybreak
olly will you shut up please.
it's eight at night in france what time is it in new york
what is the time in milwaukee
what is derek's phone number
let's play a game together
book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may two for stored passenger list
turn it to frequency nine hundred and ninety seven
please search for local events
s2, i was unclear about your answers.
any new facebook posts from amy
next episode of nyt podcast
could you please further elaborate me about what you have just said.
turn off lights in all bathrooms
turn off the closet light
play hot ninety seven
how much is two thousand yen in u. s. d.
yes you have done that exactly.
could you clarify further on what you said now to me please.
do not really care.
will i need my snow boots this afternoon
tell me a nice chinese restaurant
wouldn't mind to select any one, olly.
logan
do i need a jacket today
Play best friends by yelawolf
no lights
send email to david davis email address
open the grubhub app so i can order take out
please tell me it one more again.
what's the time difference between here and queensland
check if i have set any alarm for morning
should i bring an umbrella today
what is my schedule for tomorrow
make some coffee
silent
could you please schedule a meeting with this person
hey olly turn the radio on
power off please
tell me the name of the composer
connect to lights
start my jazz playlist
that was incorrect let's try again.
do a tournament with me in candy crush
jj.nzt@yahoo dot com
would you check and confirm question please.
i want to book a train ticket
does this place do takeaway
order ribs for dinner
change my light color to yellow
book for me a train ticket to california
i want the complete weather details of seventh march
turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my dongle
i need a taxi to go home
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
please show me the list that i have
filter all arijit singh sad song and save or create playlist of sad songs of arijit singh
please reserve the next taxi a nine am
book me a single train ticket travelling to new york city leaving after nine am
what's the most popular story on my facebook newsfeed
tweet my complaint to @consumer service
add new items in the remainder list
Show me articles about the new iphone eight
i need the times for the south bound train on allison rd
increase volume by two levels
i want to eat something will you order food for me
what is the latest news on sprint
please list shops within one miles from me
can you open the reply inbox
flip the wemo on
you've done the command right.
are there any good movies running in nearby theaters
delete an first event of twenty third of march twenty seventeen
olly please read me today's news
s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
what is the temperature i am supposed to cook this lasagna at
vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
turn off the smart socket
change the color of my lights to something random
find and order handi paneer in pavitra
i want the light to be a little more red ish
are there any alarms currently set
please repeat that music again of akon
please will you confirm the last thing said.
let's play you'll be the keeper and never change position
what is the temperature
book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
increase the light in the room
resuming playing my current audio book
cancel my event on june nineteenth
please call china wok and order number seven
what is a good movie to see right now
please change light color to purple
change alarm to start at midnight
what days are my alarms set for
is there any new mail for me
tell me what's happening this week
reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
include this item
book for me an uber taxi to carmen drive
current traffic conditions
show u. s. d. currency value of euro
remove all alarms set today
i need you to mark next monday
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan
lower audio
do you know any joke
could you please confirm what i just said.
mention the time in canada now
list alarms
play program on xmtune please
is there is a high traffic
olly could you stop.
can you please change the mood of the light
do not talk
play my rap playlist
repeat album
show me share price of amazon
do you know what a joke is
add sam@gmail dot com to my contacts list
search for the best spagetti recipe
please dim the lights in the bedroom
can you tell me what haggis looks like
what is the current state of brexit negotiations
remove the board meeting and reschedule for next wednesday
please turn off the lights in the kitchen
that's helpful,.
what is the us dollar and euro exchange rate
delete my alarm for eight am
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
open calendar schedule event meeting
add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at seven am
run coffee maker
i think incorrect.
turn off all alarms
what's the definition of diverse
create list
alarm five pm tuesday
alarm me at eight am
s2, i don't get your words.
find me a train ticket to boston
play gta vice city game
i want coffee
navigation search
who sang the song that is currently playing
how old is kim kardashian
forward to four twenty
what is new news for today
let's play our favourite football match on tv
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
what's the rate between the u. s. d. and ukraine's currency
start a new email to george brown
contact pizza hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
let me listen to the latest lovett or leave it podcast
replace the current light colours in the house with dark ones
give me the birth date of mahatma gandhi
change the light color to white
what is on my playlist
what year did george clooney start acting
i want to play a trivia game
change the light in the bathroom to yellow
s2, i can not quite catch that.
set the time zone to g. m. t.
i need to hear what you've said again.
show the playlist
order mcdonalds
turn on radio
please let me know what's happening to my social media
how far above sea level is denver
what is the currency conversion charges applicable
save my song preferences on playlist
olly please would you just stop it.
any sport event is on my list
is there anything on my list today
darken
how many events on my list
yeap you've got command correcly.
show me what i can do with fitness
please lights less brighter
tweet at quote unquote
wake me up
please provide current time in india
attenuate the lights
please would you check and confirm it.
please save this song
play the god of small things
i don't quite catch that.
i am sorry but it's not correct response.
resume audiobook
how do you make cookies
that was cool,, olly.
would you tell me once again.
please confirm the weather for the thirteenth of this month
i want to hear program one on lastfm
desk lamp one off
what time is my alarm set for
prepare a new list
book a train ticket for an eight am ride to charleston west virginia
book me a taxi to the mall of america please
can you recommend some movies to watch in theater near me
what does the word hypocrisy mean
can you see if john has replied to my email yet
go to email compile
hey whatsapp
save this song in my favorites
make light color red
add new item to list
are there any detours that i need to know about
give me all my lists
open clock
can you please shut up.
tvs stock price
turn lights off
how much is dollars american worth in yen
play radio
i need a taxi ride now
Show me popular exchange rates
wouldn't know.
play podcast one
please play the podcast from happypeoplecom
what is six hundred euros in u. s. d.
please increase the volume to maximum
what did you mean by it.
wake me up in thirty minutes
please delete what i just typed
what album is this song on
hey ms the email address of john miller
make a new list of dog breeds
what an umbrella means
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
yeah answer was correct.
open a new email to contact
describe a chart
turn off the speakers
what is the traffic today
i would like to hear what said again.
could you check my last question.
respond to graham and let him know that i will be free tomorrow
anything will be okay with me.
what is the time train coming from sacramento
jane doe emails
could you please recommend a mexican restaurant for take out
how is the traffic on I twenty five
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
change the time zone from washington to new york
please remove the the alarm which i set
check mom's number
can you tell me about any local events coming up
show me what alarm times i've set for the week
check and confirm my last question please.
could you speak up
snooze
find the sum of thirteen and fourteen
play tennis for me
takeaway status
s2, i could not quite catch up with you.
if it is twelve hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time what's the time in the philippines now
what are they saying about donald trump on this topic
dim the overhead lights a tad
turn on the wemo plug socket
book swan resume
how much would it cost to buy stock in apple
pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
when did mount saint helens last erupt
what is traffic
brighten the lights
add dan's email
play new rihanna song
who's playing this
i want to listen to classical music
yeah exact response.
tell me when i need to leave the airport
how long does it take to get the train from rome to paris
what are the events taking place in new york today
add to my groceries
look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency one
i dont need light
set alarm for tomorrow at two pm
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
please delete all meetings of today after seven pm
send the email to john
how long should i simmer rice for
speak again please.
you are smart, olly.
what are my reminders for this week
would you please once again rephrase me on your answers.
turn the lights off
olly will you shut down.
search for podcasts that cover men's issues
does restaurant has home delivery
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
what is a shoal
i would like to hear your last the procedure said again.
book a ticket to paris on eurostar at five pm this Friday
touch the mute button
what happened to charlie chaplin
remove alarm if any
yeah wonderful response.
turn off the upstairs lights
play audiobook of planets
let's suck out the dust
i do not really mind for anything.
the list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry
can you create a new list in the playlist
will arby's offer takeaway
i want two burgers and one coke order it fast
what degree is it outside
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
how many pounds would i get for dollars
i want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
can you please clarify once again.
hmm, you've done this all in wrong manner.
tell me what a freeway is
do you think i can wear sandals or should i wear sneakers tonight at seven pm
what is the definition of inchoate
can you change the living room lights to a softer color
set volume to zero
what is the capital of china
tell me movies playing in oceanside tonight
turn on the wemo plug
on vacuum cleaner
i asked for something else.
are there any events going on downtown tonight
say a joke
hey i am having a bad day today what can i watch to cheer me up
what's my next scheduled alarm
switch the lights to blue
open up contacts and add email something@gmail dot com
order two cheeseburgers from wings n. ale on university drive
remove twenty fourth march meeting from schedule
could you speak it one more again please.
start cappuccino for me now
stop making sounds for forty minutes
make a new list
include meeting in the list
Turn down volume
what music is currently playing
what is the definition of session
could you change the lights colour to green please
how to make fried rice
reach by mail to my family
please set an alarm at six am
play football news from radio one
will you please shut up.
which rom com movie can i watch in theatres around new york
please book me a taxi uber
give me the number to mom
mute please
book me a train ticket
lower the volume of the speakers
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email
give me a geographic fact about vilnius
i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
what lists are available
i need a recipe for spaghetti
can i tell you about my day
would you reset what i've said please.
order me a bowl from chipotle takeout
show me the best podcast of folk songs having good rating and play it
do you think today will be nice out
change the lights into green
i was not so clear about your answers.
what is the stock information of walmart
where was steve jobs born
has mike sent me an email
please brighten the lights
which pubs participate in the jazz festival
eight am in manila is what in new york
turn on when plugged in else turn off
please tell me when's my financial meeting
suggest a good genre movie that came out recently
olly that is enough.
your response was not clear.
change my status to chillin
olly would you shut up please.
list items on my work list
could you repeat that.
i need to add a new email to my contacts
what alarms do i have set for today
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
get yourself muted
tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful
what did you mean by saying it.
delete that
contacts
i need to hear that sentence said again.
set up a train ticket for next week Friday
how does production and population affects us
turn the left light off
please check and confirm command.
delete shopping from my list
look up the meaning of logic
search cost for amtrak luxury to los angeles
rj raunak programme play on ninety two point seven fm
lower all volume on speakers please
remind me that i like that song
does mr pizza deliver
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
please negative response tweet on daikin service
what kind of music do you think i like
save chhana mereya song in my playlist
please delete next meeting with rajesh
program coffee machine to brew coffee in two minutes
which songs do i listen to most
remind me of my twelve oclock meeting by eleven thirty
repeat birthday
check by inbox for me
play my favorite station
i want coffee from the machine
show me boston's current time
check the details please.
get me a local restaurant
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
find list and remove apple
start game temple runner
please start vacuum
yeap great response.
when is the next alarm
mute volume now
Speak louder please
what's the funniest joke
joke of the day
please will you shut off.
remove that from my list
what is the day on twenty third march
this song is too good
can you increase the volume of the speakers
what time will my alarm wake me up
how long does it take to get there
that's confirmed.
i need a six am wakeup call
get a me a train ticket to milwaukee from chicago on sunday morning
can you make the lights go out
uhh no, i think you've done this incorrectly.
what's an easy recipe to cook for food
book me a train ticket for this afternoon to chicago
events in city
can you look up chinese takeout near here
what is the best way to cook pasta al dente
shit, it isn't what i was searching for.
book an uber for one hour from now
tell me if there are any events from three to five
please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state
can you pull up the latest time so i won't be late for my appointment
do i need pants
make me a strong cup of coffee
can you remind me of sunday gym every saturday evening
volume up
what is piramid
turn the lights off to my room
how many people live in los angeles
when is my doctor's appointment
march fifth is john's birthday please place this on the calendar
play maroon five playlist
find me a joke related to baseball
what does the traffic look like on my usual route to work
please tell me my alarms
please run the vacuum cleaner
play my favourite podcast
turn the plug off
where is the nearest atm machine
play marvin gaye i want you
please give me all shop names in a two mile radius
email happy new year to john
please give me the time
more volume please
from wangs kitchen restaurant home delivery for a chicken manchow soup
what's thirteen plus fourteen
what is open late in la
this is a good tune please notate file accordingly
can you make some coffee
does the restaurant have delivery
i've heard this riff before what song stole this riff it's exactly the same
Olly save all the songs i have listened to more than once
display volume strength on current track
may i know what is trending in twitter
its cold outside
would you check and confirm detail please.
please remove this event from my calendar
how would you describe the sun
church with mom and dad on sunday
destroy all events
tell me today's direction
tell me if my alarm is set for the morning
what's the latest news on donald trump
would you play some music please
what is the time difference between eastern time and pacific time
what about this joke
can this room have green light
book a train ticket to arrive in cambridge by eight thirty pm today
how much is ten euros in dollars
please go to the local sports talk show on the radio
what time can i pick up my food
switch off the light
that's a good song
play old
what you just said was not so clear to me.
can you please remove the alarm
what is the lowest microsoft stock price today
what movies are playing right now
this is a nice song
confirm the order and send me the confirmation
do i have the contact of tara john
overhead lights on please
delete my dinner tomorrow
save to contacts
set mute for twenty minutes
good work, you have done well, olly.
how heavy is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas this hour
could you speak once more please.
turn off the tv in
what is the price of apple stock today
when will my chinese food arrive
what awards did erica grebe win last night
turn up the lights in here please
please speak quieter to me
open the local news app
would you again rephrase me on your words please.
whether it would be sunny in califonia
list the current price of microsoft shares
that's helpful, thank you very much.
Define perpetual
start the laundry
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when i leave
add ketchup to the list
look up news articles about trump
please will you check my last instruction.
what are the coordinates of everest
what's my stock fluctuations
can you book me a train ticket to boston for next tuesday
does peking garden do orders online
make the lights pink
dammit, i think incorrect response.
look up the word snafu
please list all my alarms
on all the button on dashboard
help me find transportation to the mall of america
bring up a new shopping list
tell me a funny joke
would not know.
change light color
create a new to do list
am i free on sunday day
convert eight am manila time to new york time
tell me the top stories in the news
give description of statue of liberty
tell me about new emails
i think it is not correct response.
can you call an uber for me
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep
retry the instruction spoke please.
do i have anything lists made for christmas shopping
silent mode on for the next three hours
find lyrics of this song and save it it is very nice song
what is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
remind me at one thousand three hundred
please resume my music
forex rate of euro to u. s. d.
resume audiobook playback
erase spaghetti from list
increase light
where can i get a shot of tequila and some to go mexican food
can you please shut down.
what is the time difference between here and dakar
todays a lovely day what the date
play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one
i need to edit marie jones email address to read
get louder
are there any alarms for today
read to me the last messages in my feed
find jazz music on my playlist
what part of the world is the safest
how many people are following me on twitter now
do i have enough ingredients in my refrigerator
can you make me a cup of coffee
now i need to write an email to my colleague
what is my grocery list
i would not know, olly.
how much is the dollar verus the pound
i want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
can i get the definition to ambulance
make a cup of coffee
i need to be cheered up right now can you tell me a good joke
please tell me that message spoke once more.
olly can you just stop it please.
can you put on the chuck palhunik audio book
resume playing you are joking mr feynman
find a taxi to book
how many bones does a human body have
can you please make me a cup of black coffee
i would like to order some takeout
hey olly make me laugh with a good joke
call me a taxi
set the mood please
i'd like a train ticket to this location
what does tacobell stand for
abolish an item from list
Hashtag loving this weather post to twitter
on every tuesday remind me to go shopping
speakers off
how about you
resume audio playback of twilight
tell a joke
do i have any private messages on any social media
would you again explain the last sentence to me please.
what time is it in akron
book my first class ac train ticket from new york to san francisco
please tweet for me about the bad service rended by the taj restaurant
can you please play the next episode of food stuff
how long until my takeaway
what song is playing now
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
please turn on my balcony lights
what are today's headlines
i would not mind for any one.
get me the number for local taxi service
i need the recipe for hot cross buns
would you check and confirm the question please.
show me the latest emails from amazon
yeap you get that perfectly.
i don't mind to select any one.
show me chinese food near me
please delete bananas from my shopping list
find game
what is the current stock rate of facebook
clear my next event
set an alarm for seven thirty am
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
olly can you please shut up.
make a cup of coffee for me
i like you confirm details please.
play some boy band music
what's the most popular curry place in town
delete the item two from the list
go to the station fm ninety six point five
what else do i have on the list
can you see if there any trains going to
compose a mail for jack
what bands are playing in town this weekend
turn off the light in the kitchen
make sound louder
dim the lights in the kitchen
could you speak the last utterance said once more.
when is the doctor's appointment
what is the status of last take away order
raise the light
that is unimportant.
life
is there any events planned for the next three months
can you direct me to the menu for the highest rated chinese carryout near me
have i received any emails since noon
oh it's nice one.
please advise what the current news is on fox news
uh no, i think not correct response.
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and euro
set wake up Thursday seven am
what's happening with the hurricane in the gulf
thanks but you didn't get me.
turn off the wemo socket in the kitchen
play all third day
pull up the menu for the closest mexican restaurant
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
do i have any new emails in my inbox today
read my list to me
what is the last email i received
yeap.
can you replay your phrase you just said.
when is the first seventy degree day forecast
identify song
i am no longer attending the wedding on the tenth so remove it from my calendar
has john replied to my facebook post
what is the latest on donald trump
play the romantic songs
what day does easter fall on
set an alarm for thursday at seven pm
tell me the name of my lists
run indian folk song
say something funny
what is the email sent by this contact read
what the time difference from here to ottawa
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
euro to u. s. d.
i challenge you to a game of tic tac toe
i like justin beibers music please play it
turn off the lights please
make a grocery list please
time time is the holiday party at the office
define the moon for me
s2, i could not catch up with you.
show me the answer for this problem two hundred and forty six plus six hundred and fifty four
mute the music
i need all the local events for this area that are being held this weekend
tweet I'm complaining about to consumer service
turn off sound
what is my afternoon schedule tomorrow
please turn off wemo socket
how do i make tuna casserole from scratch
get me a uber
olly will you cancel it.
give me some bowie
economic affairs
yes fantastic response.
play papa pear saga
i would like a coffee now
send a mail to whom to talk
please elaborate once again to me.
do i have any alarms set for six am tomorrow
i don't really mind to select any one.
is there any alarm after five am
please check whether the email of jancy has come
put on the screen the lists i have available
lights color red
what did i put down already on the walmart list
anything new on insta
open radio frequency ninety nine point five
what are the news notification
when will my food be ready
i really ska music
reset the alarm
raise the lamp's light
what's new on my facebook account
yes it was perfect.
could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
recipes
open jokes
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
twenty second april day
i would like to attend church every sunday at eleven am
increase the bright of the light
lower the volume ten percent
open social media account
please run this game
give me the exchange rate for dollar in euros
show me some food court nearest to my location
and the light began
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
what's the best chicken place near me
define oscillate
find gluten free bakery near me
show me events in sacramento
cancel everything on my calendar
who is the singer of song
what is the current day month and year
you are my hero, appreciated.
where can i go shopping in this area
lights off bathroom
will you confirm that please.
give me the idea of current traffic condition
will i need an umbrella tomorrow
give me directions for the place
book a train ticket to city leeds
give me name and type of this music
list the lists i have
remove the list called party time
get me a coffee
resume harry potter book four
i need to get up at ten tomorrow
will you say again please.
increase the volume of the left speaker by ten
could you please check the traffic to our home
please further rephrase it.
olly that will be all.
please show me best run program in jodhpur
set new alarm on five am
delete the alarm i just set
please explain me more on what you said.
is mile marker sixty five where the hanging tree is located
iphone
i like classic rock
turn off light in bedroom
remove chores from my to do list
do not care.
save this songs genre for me
tune in some radio
s1, again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
delete appointment at time
i want to remove apples from list
send an email to juanpedro@gmail dot com
set up uber
define rumplestiltskin
play netflix on my ps four
i want to play rock paper scissors let's play
i need an alarm
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at four pm time
let me hear that podcast
what movies are playing at theatres near me
price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
i would like a cup of coffee
set a reminder i need to wake up at five am every morning
i want to listen jazz
you did awesome work,.
how's weather today
is keith richards dead
review the alarms i have
whats going on in my calendar
you've done that right.
what is the email i got from my girlfriend
hey i met one of my old classmates today
it's cool, thanks.
reserve a taxi
let us play millionaires
are there any delays in traffic today
can you add gloria to my list of clients
make a taxi booking in uber
give some of delete in today events
show me all the shops that i can find in milan
list all the alarms
what is happening in the world today
what time will i arrive in austin tx
play the latest seahawks podcast
remind me at six thirty pm
is there a train from philadelphia to new york city at noon
could you confirm the question please.
cut off noise
schedule lunch at tomo in arcata california tomorrow at noon
turn off the lights in the bathroom
could you please lower the tone
brew coffee
resume the last played audiobook
can you please turn off my wemo plug
set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
s2, last sentence was not clear.
i want to listen to podcast
that does not matter for me.
book train ticket to new york
tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
delete my grocery list in my notes
please tell me how can I remove the item
please confirm my last instruction.
could you please have uber be at my house in fifteen minutes
i love zydeco jams
play my preferred song
is there heavy traffic on the I fifteen in las vegas right now
show unread new emails
add a reminder to my calendar every year on this date
give me contact mail id
how many countries are in europe
are there any new snapchats
what time is it in karachi right now
wake up time
hey what's a book
make this room brighter
add this song to my music
play podcast for the philadelphia eagles content
the list contain what
off mobile charger plug
what is on my playlist of movies on the the dvr
please mute for five minutes
erase calendar events
bring me the title of current music
inbox my family
Volume louder softer
open the weather app
remove all alarm of sunday
search this object's definition
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
lets listen to hunt for read october
check if default alarm is set
yo order take out from jason's deli on sixth ave
what is jill's home phone number
turn on switch of wemo socket
can you check the facts on this issue
