can you make a red shade of light in the living room
change the light color to black light
thanks for your answers.
you understood command exactly.
play marvin gaye i want you
what would be the exchange rate of currency in japan
what movies are playing this week
ask for the weather today morning
i'd like to play monopoly
any sport event is on my list
please change the house lights to blue
what did jeff post on the yard sale page
is my calendar free for Thursday
make the lighting bit more warm here
place a takeaway order for a cheeseburger and fries from burger king
please clarify once again.
i want to know if the olive garden provides takeaway
please let me know the exchange rate between indian rupees and us
i want to hear tum hi ho next
cut the songs in this musics
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
what is happening in the world news
give me a joke
change the lights of the house to a blue hue
repeat the music
give me a new light color
what lists are in my notebook
book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
how about a nice game of chess
will you tell me that once more please.
Switch off the smart socket
within the past three months how many meetings did i have with mr richards
olly that's enough, cancel.
what is happening near me
i need a ride home
start the vacuum cleaner
start playing podcast about books
is bills pager number in my contacts
what is the time difference between eastern and pacific time zones
quiet on
find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
cancel the breakfast at tiffany's house
i have a meeting tomorrow morning at ten please remind me
what's up with my order
tell me everything about umf
check for new emails
please modify the wrong command.
turn shuffle on music player on
what is the sum of 9 and 12
turn on my wemo socket
replay this song i really like it
decrease volume
remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow
directions to the target on I forty
send email to david davis email address
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
please add dan's email to my contacts
stock please
please change time zone to canada
need a hot coffee
yes you got answer correcly.
how many alarms are listed
remove my event at one pm in my calendar
is mile marker sixty five where the hanging tree is located
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
is it colder than yesterday
open inbox
turn off the lamp socket
in every three hours give me my facebook update
stop and try what i've just said once more.
describe joe for me please
play the two towers
it is unimportant.
what's happening in the news
what's the time in new york
give me a classical radio station
can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approximately ten minutes from now
what is there to do in new york city
sorry but that was not the correct response.
does dominos deliver
find an uber that can get me to the airport now
you did command perfectly.
hey play me a popular country song
what is the time in canada now
please turn on all lights
it is unimportant for me, olly.
yes answer was confirmed.
could you create a new list for me
can you make sure the kitchen light is off
event remove
it's excellent, appreciated.
play closer music track
look up whether or not charley's steakhouse delivers
what is the deepest point on earth
please list active alarms
can you call a taxi
will you just stop please.
can you put on the chuck palhunik audio book
cancel the event valentine's day from the calendar
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar
turn off the alarm
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
what movie can i watch tonight on the theater here in boston
i need coffee please preferably hot
google stock price
add this to a list
change my mum's email in my phonebook
play radio one
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
excellent.
call golden taxi to pick me up at seven pm today
add new email to anna
just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning
yeah perfect response to command.
play the audiobook swan from first
write down that i am going to meet with jenny on the third okay
find me train tickets
who assassinated lincoln
please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at nine
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
create a new list for me please
tweet at koc your waiting time sucks
remove vegetables from the list
it is too bright in here dim the lights
what is fourteen divided by two
raise volume to level seven on music player
switch on the vacuum cleaner
give me the latest updates
please restart the handmaid's tale
could you manipulate roip for me
play a movie i'll like
hey ms the email address of john miller
what can i do in charlotte
can you play rfi
s1, explain further please.
book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
you are star, thank you so much.
when is the last train today
yeah fantastic.
brew some coffee
do have any new email
prepare my morning coffee
schedule a meeting with reeta today evening at five pm
switch on the green light in playroom
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
what is the exchange rate for pounds and u. s. d.
new twitter message
what's the famous monty python joke about the bird
tell me who will win the next presidential election
u. s. d. position now
show me today train time of kalka at jodhpur
light color change
set mute for twenty minutes
please thumbs up this song
what is a banana
play the last radio channel
i need to change my house lights colour to blue
answer paul's email
where do most celebrities hang out
i want to listen jazz
define the word novel
turn on flappy bird
lets begin buddy
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
could you please check and confirm the detail.
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
what is a trebuchet
where is band playing
please will you further clarify me on that.
is there anything special going on nearby
what's going on around here this weekend
how many three are available in twenty seven
call the closest mexican restaurant
who's playing the oboe on this piece
remove all the reminders from the calendar
what is the root of 16
what does one plus
stop seven am alarm
i wish this event to be removed from my calendar
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
tell me how to make garlic bread
set an alarm for five hundred and thirty
olly i want you stop.
remove events from calendar
latest updates on syrian civil war
have no idea, olly.
what will be the time now in washington
play my preferred song
can you book me a train ticket to boston for next tuesday
ted talks
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
elaborate me about your answers further.
what music do i like
shall we meet for today's party
please send a reminder email to peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt
when is the doctor's appointment
audio on
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
lights brighter
amazing response to the command.
oh it's nice one.
what is a chair
which are well reviewed movies by emma watson
quiet mode four hours
open social media account
how high is the s n. p
tell me a joke about a man
whatever is good.
did i get an email from mike
what is the current value of yen in american money
play radio disney
what's the traffic on the one hundred and one
what tv show is jennifer aniston on
delete item
turn wemo on
get me latest updates from facebook
what is the best tasting cut of beef
what's going on in new york
overall day
was einstein married
set a reminder alert for saturday nine am towards payment of electricity bill
get contact
should i wear gloves tonight
what is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
add a movie name to the wish list
beg your pardon.
please start the podcast
please turn the lights off
on mobile charger plug
i like you just cancel.
what does pda mean
remove my dinner event for monday
what is the total of 500 and 23
can you speak louder
recommend me some shops to shopping in angel
that does not matter for me, olly.
please lower the lights a little bit
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
yeah you did the command correcly.
let me know the weather for today
find apple pie recipe
can you shut up.
what is the current price of jindel stock
can you activate the vacuum to clean the house
other songs by this artist
raise speaker volume
that's helpful,.
you've understood command perfectly.
make five coffee tell the coffee machine
make appointment for next friday
please activate the vacuum cleaner
tell me the current weather for danville il
yeap you've got command correcly.
play from smashing pumpkins
when was einstein's birthday
play my favorite music
get recipe for making a hotdog
thank you for the response, olly.
could you please shut up.
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
which bank will give better rate for currencies i have
please give me today's date
where is dell standing in stock market right now
please go to the next episode of the podcast
increase the volume so that i can hear it in other room
start the vacuum at nine am
brighter
play music in library
call a taxi for me
please can you shut off.
unmute the speaker now
time zone between india and us
find a shop that sells beer
olly i will talk to you later.
start podcast mlb daily
check the last thing said please.
i need a reminder alarm at one
explain further.
that is correct.
train leaving
would not bother, olly.
i need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway
set an alarm for eight pm
train to athens how to
has anyone tagged me in a photo on facebook
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
what movie is this song from
s1, again clarify your answers please.
what about the new york city traffic
how do i dial sarah
did the yankees win last night
again clarify me on your answers.
skip forward
please tell me some international news
i want the light in the kitchen powered off
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
yeap that's right.
on all the button on dashboard
please tell me it one more again.
please tell me the date
this song is my favourite
whats the dow jones at today
email my meeting details to my manager
what's the name of the piece you are playing
please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
post complaint about service a
how is the traffic presently near central park road
where to buy cannon cameras
reply wishes to john by email
please tell me about upcoming alarms
when is madonna's birthday
how is traffic over the donner summit now
stop playing
can we play a game of hangman
please note i like jazz and hate disco
save settings
add dentist appointment for friday at five
i think you made mistake, please change this.
how old is tom hanks
how was the traffic now
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
does vocelli's do takeaway
the song you are playing is amazing
uefa european championship
it was cool, thank you very much.
adjust the lights to a lower setting please
read me new emails
turn corner light on
switch on light
remind me about my anniversary in one day advance
do i have alarms set
at what temperature should i bake cookies
olly please could you just cancel.
appreciated, that's nice.
directions to sainsburys
please remove this item from the list
will you please play a podcast
turn the lights higher
tell me the name of the song
info on lisa ann please
i'm into music
i appreciate it, that's great job.
resume the two towers
what time is the train to san francisco due
what is happening this weekend
one pm removed
add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday
what's my next appointment
what's the temperature
shut up
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
can you tell me whats on my shopping list
i have to go to a meting on friday at noon can you remind me
please play clash of clans
please check recent emails from new contact
can i see my facebook feed
check out my to do list
book uber for tonight at seven pm
take away my alarm for tomorrow at four thirty am
i need to buy a train ticket
logan
please will you clarify me more on that.
tweet your waiting time sucks tag koc
check and confirm the instruction.
please check and confirm the last thing said.
how is my commute
call peking garden
update me on my emails
when i want it to take down notes
is there a groomer in town for cats only
next podcast
can you please tell me what i have on my list
tell artist and title of this song
if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california
define session
do i have any notifications from social media
what music is playing
please rate current song as five stars
convert one us dollar to british pound
tell me what a workhouse is
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
please change the light colors to red
what are the current movies playing in me area
would you explain further on it to me please.
please set a monthly reminder for paying rent
whats the schedule for today
i want to raise the light
i need to get up at ten tomorrow
for how many years was abraham lincoln president of united states
this event needs to be deleted
tell me what's on my shopping list
turn on the wemo plug
hi olly please remove the birthday event on coming sunday
i don't need the shopping list delete it
google definition for me
turn on the wemo
i love this song
start new list
do i have any pending reminder
i want the lights less brighter
contact pizza hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms
change this time to ist
shit, not correct.
complain for cheating
yeap amazing response to command.
i'd like to hear that again.
low the volume
let me see cultural events for this weekend in palermo neighborhood
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
what is the amount for train ticket booking
what is happening in town tonight
list out my upcoming events
do you think today will be nice out
what is my email from steve about
schedule city cab from home to airport at eight am
please make the lights watching friendly
you have done it perfectly.
does brick grill deliver
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
olly will you shut down please.
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
please choose a game that you can play with me
social media
send email to cat that i will accept job offer
would you please check question.
i want to hear this podcast
turn on my pandora radio
quiet time
add five plus eighteen minus four please
i'm in a meeting please do not speak
play sam harris please
remove set alarm
would you please shut down.
what is the definition of this
clear up my calendar
what posts have i missed from my friends
play keno
note current song as awesome please
search for the correct game
remove the alarm set for four hundred am
order a pizza for me
play the latest song adele
i need ninety nine point five please
yeah you understood command correcly.
add new year with family next week
am i available at five pm on sunday
please send email to pawel with reminder
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
what's new in facebook
your words was not so clear.
call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza
i love the song do you
play that podcast i was listening to yesterday
mute my speakers for a minute here i need to make a call
change the bedroom lights to green
please start over.
please send a complaint about my horrible experience with a company
send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
start play johns audiobook
prepare a cup of coffee
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
i would like you just stop it.
please clear the list
set an alarm at six am
uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
locate local pizza shops
what alarms are set in the house
weather like
how much rate will be calculated
update alarm
will you please shut down.
can you turn up the volume on itunes
can you just cancel it.
olly cancel yoga alarms
define television
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
set the living room lights to red
list of the nearby restaurant
report the current time in oakland
i want coffee everyday
Shut down the sound
turn off the lamp in the living room
whats the best way to france
shit, you made a mistake, please correct this.
please tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic narendra modi
find me the earliest train ticket departing friday morning to miami
remove item three from the list
order the best priced general tofu in nyack
tell me the soup of the day at panera bread restaurant
how is the traffic from home to work
please delete the meeting i have with john tonight
any one is good to me.
list the shops near me
do i have any other contact phone number for alison
alarm
is gus's a take out place
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
turn off the speakers
lower lights please
what's going on around the neighborhood
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
would you try that instruction said again please.
play the billboard top ten
i need some coffee
alarm status
i need a six am wakeup call
do i have any new emails from sarah
is it going to rain later
what is the population of florida
i am not clear about last sentence.
has any mail received with an attachment
add the email oriam@gmail dot com to my contacts
when is trolls playing
i like alt rock music
any recent emails
please show me detail of previous played song
would you check and confirm question please.
start a vacuum cleaner
hey turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
have any jokes
would like to see the time zone
add this email to my contacts
what have i got going on between three and four pm today
say it one more time please.
what is the answer to that question
oh no, this was not what i was searching for.
what date is the third friday of this month
show me nearby musical events
complain to amazon customer service for me
show me cooking websites
what you just said was not so clear to me.
set alarm on twenty fifth may at five pm
i want to hear program one on lastfm
how do you subtract numbers
could you please yell the answer out to me
largest animal
remove sample meeting from calendar app
is snap doing good after the ipo
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
when is the next train to b street
current stock price intel
thanks for the helping, olly.
can you mute my speaker
all alarms
can you give me the time in this time zone
does pings do takeaway
hello what time it is now
what is mr taxi's phone number it is in my contacts
turn down the lights to medium
what time will my alarm go off today
give me the average five year stock price of home depot
turn on shuffle
what time will my alarm wake me up
pick up we left off on battle royale
add this new email
check my email messages
ticket for bombay
my favorite singer is shakira
remove all alarms
i didn't get your response.
what list is available for my favorite music from ed sheeran
please clean the floor
open the local news app
turn off my wemo plug socket now
continue audiobook playback
start chapter five of physics for future presidents
turn down the volume
Olly save all the songs i have listened to more than once
find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it
yes you got command exactly.
confirm i have set an alarm for six am
check email from john
what time is it on the east coast of the united states
joke of the day
in five sentences let me know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey
reminder about meeting from eight am to twelve pm
what does speaker mean
show me train tickets
make a room darker
you've done the command correcly.
turn off smart socket
play npr on this station
i have a meeting with al on march twenty first at ten
are there any events going on nearby
how do i change the color of the lights
tell me about neal adams
play all by the beatles
more bright
is trump tweeting today
your salary
how many contacts do i have in my phone book
how is the exchange rate for microsoft
turn on console
dim the lights to level two
add the new email to my contacts
yes agree.
favorite this music
what song is this
play podcast a
please list all my alarms
when was this song recorded
i want to cook italian dishes show me some
what was the name of my last email
what time is it in england
can you tell me some fun things to do in kentucky
Show current local events
i want the light to be switched off
is euro the best currency to trade
why do people use avocado seeds
tell me joke
please check my coming up events
please set reminder
book a train ticket to canada this evening
define what a wizard is
what are the definitions of orange
book an uber from my location to the theatre
more light
have i got any alarms set
show me my events
start robot cleaner
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
turn off overhead light
please indicate the opening price of fra stock
can you please check command.
tell me what time it is right now
dammit, not right response.
could you clarify me on it further.
start email for address not in contacts
what is piramid
yeah great response.
please can you check and confirm what just said.
open the grubhub app so i can order take out
what are departure arrival times for this train
start from my last session of joes book
take milk off my grocery list
please check all new email of income tax department
lower the light of hall percent
can to please clear my calendar of all events
could you please tell me the meaning for the item laptop
i need to delete the alarm for church on sundays at eleven am
repeat this song three times
anything would be good.
did i remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
find the serial podcast and play it
which route has less traffic today
find songs from my big band playlist
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
did ashwin joined party yesterday
what song is playing on windows media player
tell me what one plus one is
today how many alarms do i have set
place family phone on instagram
go to the station fm ninety six point five
what's john's home phone number
twenty minus ten
set my coffee machine
i challenge you to a game of tic tac toe
cancel tomorrow's meeting
tell me what is song is playing now
what's the most popular story on my facebook newsfeed
what does the word hypocrisy mean
set the settings to mute
paper scissors or stone
please let me know the morning alarm time kept for weekends
please reserve the next taxi a nine am
have the vacuum cleaner clean the room
are there any new snaps on snapchat
can you brighten up the lights please
what is today's day
is there christmas on twenty second
activate robot vacuum
tell me summary forecast microsoft stock forecast to thirty days ahead
find a taxi to go home
any new email since last time
book me a train ticket for saturday
will you say once again please.
tell me which stocks were the biggest gainers in stock market nasdaq today
turn off the room light
can you tell me the time in new york
play yesterday's hot ninety seven morning show
give details of rock sand
shuffle the songs in the music library
how to calculate trigonametry
pawel prepare the meeting with john
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
famous person biographies
is there a connecting train from london to paris and what time
which restaurant is there in shivaji nagar
please will you check it.
more light please
confirm a travel ticket to german
when is the first seventy degree day forecast
dammit, i think incorrect response.
that's not the correct answer.
where is the statue of liberty located
would you please check and confirm detail.
please power down
hello i would like to know whether you provide home delivery services
show current track in music player
use google to show me how to cook
how do i book a train ticket online
mute for two hours
hi what is the hot topic in facebook
which continent has highest growth of cotton and what is average production
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
remove father's day from calendar
we are going to play poker together
send a tweet about sonys volume issues
create list
tell me what a freeway is
can you turn off kitchen light for me
what lists do i have queried
i would not really mind, olly.
two thousand and seventeen movies
play random music
play music true love
how many euro will i get for ten dollars
can you order me some pizza
is it joes birthday soon
what is a good vegan egg substitute
mute please
can you tell me what an chaise is
play all songs by metallica on shuffle
what is twenty four times twenty four
s2, i was not clear about it.
do i have the address for the apple store in my contacts
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
order me some chinese food
where is the closest train depot
it doesn't really matter, olly.
exchange rate from cad to u. s. d.
power off the wemo plug
book a cab in the evening for me
change the lights to a different hue
review all alarms
what type of music do i enjoy
how many cups in a quart
any good fast food items
would not mind to select any one, olly.
what will be the weather on monday this week
how much meat should i buy to serve ten people
what is the difference between yesterday's and today's stock prices for walmart
the weather is sunny today
convert five s. d. to rials
what was the first car made
what is ten divided by five
remind me to take out the trash
set an alarm at six in the morning
where does tar work currently
create packing checklist
book the the next train ticket to chennai
fill me in on stock symbol
are there any good movies running in nearby theaters
list all of my alarms
find the nearest olive garden that has take out service
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
play melody songs
uber me to the airport
could you turn off light
turn on silent mode until my alarm goes off
what is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
inbox my family
remove the board meeting and reschedule for next wednesday
were the stocks rising or declining
i need to get to location call a cab
hey read any email to me
please skip to the next song
give some of delete in today events
add this email to my contact
remind me of meeting five minutes before time
what's the value of the euro relative to nzd
just set me reminders about pending payment of children school fees
that would be all.
you need to find an alternate route to my destination
how many alarms do i have
turn up volume
delete my dinner tomorrow
you have got my instructions right.
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
send an email to qerwerq@hotmail dot com
clear everything from the calendar
places with pizza delivery near me
there are anything in my list
fun things to do today
cancel my birthday party
get me an uber please
what is the price for marvel
when was the last time that i spoke to john
i would like all the lights on when i enter
read the ticket for tesla
please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code twenty nine thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
any one would be okay, olly.
look up what this word means
does lechateau have delivery service or only takeaway
add email to existing contact
did i set an alarm to wake up in the morning
please turn on the wemo plug socket
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
pull up lights control
meeting july calendar
repeat music
pause resume
how much is the euro worth versus us dollar
what do you know about the statue of liberty
what do i have to do today
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
switch on the plug
olly i want you cancel.
bring the lights down a bit
yeap you've gotten that correcly.
what's traffic likexchange on four hundred and forty one
would you just stop it please.
tell me what's going on with facebook
select the information on the contact
book me a train ticket to barcelona please
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
i need to go to lyon book a train ticket
i need a recipe for spaghetti
do i have any new entries in my inbox
recommend a blue grass band event within twenty miles of manchester ma this week
set lights to full power
hi i want to order fried chick with white sauce
can you pull up the latest time so i won't be late for my appointment
what is a good joke
give me the details on purchase order
i want some coffee now
play football match for myself now
weather forecast for this week
what did i tell susan in my last email
email my boss that i will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
how much is one plus one
get the roomba to clean up
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
i love anything by elton john
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
turn the lights blue at three pm
please make me some coffee
it's time for junk food
check my facebook notification
what is the date and time
please set the alarm for eight pm wednesday evening
this is a tweet for comcast if i have my internet and phone service from you and it goes out how can i contact you
contacts
please add new item to list
its cold outside
what is the last email i received
what is the time difference between my location and hong kong
turn off speaker
continue with my audiobook please
display nearby places
when was the last call i received from jordan
turn on switch of wemo socket
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
any good bike shops in oxford
recipes
how long should i cook chicken for
what alarms do i have set
show my alarms
anything unique to do in the city today
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
what's the traffic situation from kamycka to dejvicka
does not matter.
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
please set alarm for
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
lights off
show mobile number of john
please run the vacuum cleaner
plants
i want to remove apples from list
radio please
Is country better today or ten years ago
remove my early alarms
what country was einstein from
nope, you did a task in wrong manner.
tell contact mobile number
how many emails have i got since yesterday
play it after five minutes
can i get a train ticket to
increase brightness in the room
please find out the share price of i. b. m. in nasdaq
checkout today set alarm of ten am
traffic report
what music do i usually like after work
bring up all the runner lights
what's going on between three hundred and thirty and four
can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
find my email for date
repeat reminder for my schedule for christmas
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
please start vacuum cleaner
what meetings do i have between eight ten today
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
hey order a pizza pie with extra cheese
please make me a cappuccino
will traffic be good when i leave in five minutes
it will be good if you yellowish the light
please change the color of my lights surprise me
what did you mean by that.
play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
id like to get on the next train that will be departing indianapolis headed to chicago
will there be snow this week
turn off the socket
dim my light
i want to know the latest local news of the city
please check my last question.
select the contact
turn up the volume
turn the lights on full bright
yes you have done that exactly.
whats on your list right now
yes great response to the command.
tweet a complaint
how is the traffic now
contacts please
attenuate the lights
book a train ticket from here to charleston west virginia at eight am today
tweet british airways that my last flight from chicago to london was delayed
can you set a reminder for wednesday at one pm for my meeting
what an umbrella means
please sent this email to my friend
make a laundry setting for the volume at twenty
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
set my alarm for six am
are there any fun things to do in seattle this weekend
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
make me a cup of coffee
sorry.
run the vacuum cleaner
seems like the response was not correct.
remind me tomorrow at four about an event
mario
please turn off the wemo plug
make a catalogue
i want dimmer lights
lets go nazi hunting
make curser adjustable position
when is president's day
repurchase last train ticket to phillyx
mute sound
open my calendar
i like senatra songs
Play my favorite game by name naughty dog
speak again please.
if it is four pm in missouri what time is it in london
check all new emails in my inbox
i want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
make me happy
latest news
please confirm it.
play me the bbc radio podcast
would you elaborate again to me please.
when is my takeaway arriving
what is glass made of
what groups are listed in my contacts
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
can you turn off wemo plug socket
order the usual from turiellos pizza
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub and set it to be delivered at five pm tonight
shuffle this playlist
vitaly channel
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
hotel california is sung by whom
set an alarm at ten tomorrow to remind me a meeting
can you please read the my mom sent this morning at ten am
anything would be good with me, olly.
what is hair made up of
what's going on tonight in sacramento
find out if kfc delivers please
what are the coordinates of everest
complain about walmart service
where should i go eat tonight
find list in my pda
darken the room a bit
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
please tell me the main points of my two hundred meeting from this afternoon
i want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in california
explain how to set my coffee machine
i like music from when i was a teenager in the
please remove sporty event from list
when is the next train leaving for austin
i need to get up at seven am
that's nice job, thank you so much.
start playing my most recent podcast
price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
please put me your input to know my schedule
i need to book a train ticket to la
who has responded to my business within the last twenty four hours
down the speaker volume at the end of level
