Olly, get rid of my current alarms.
Sandle
Tell me which catering packages are available.
Is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
What did the S&P close out at?
Is it a yes or a no that tomorrows temperature will be hot.
describe what a sphere is
Look at my email
Vacuum the floor
What is a stock price of TATA
Play walking list
what is the rate of INR
hey, put carrots on that.
What does a baguette look like.
Resume the girl on the train on Audible
Set an alarm at 6 am.
Can you turn down the lights by 20%?
Book a taxi to pick up Shelley Hennessey at Gate 4 of the airport for the arrival of AA flight 5431 at 3:21 on Friday.
Which day this week do I have plans?
Please Send an email to toms principal in regards to the meeting we have tomorrow.
Order a ham and cheese sandwich from Subway
What email was sent at 3:30pm?
Olly, erase all.
please could you confirm the details.
Find and Order handi paneer in pavitra.
Check me into home on Facebook
that isn't what i am looking for.
What's still on the list?
Please email to my wife about next week weather
oops, you have understood me incorrectly.
s1, please rephrase more on your response.
Remove item 4
Clear my day on the 29th.
seems like the answer you got was incorrect.
My new health check up new list
What is email id of John.
Can you tell me a little about yourself?
What is the definition of organization?
alexa refresh my list and tell me whats on it
i wouldn't really mind.
Hey whatsapp
Can you get me a taxi home?
thank you so much for doing it.
s1, could you please again clarify what you have just said.
How effective will be to buy NIKE stock
play BBC radio four
What time does the Acme meeting start on Friday?
Tweet a complaint about potholes on road
Would you like to play a game with me, Olly?
yeah you've got my instructions perfectly.
Tell me the time in London, England.
What's the email address of Silvia?
PDA, contact hersheys on twitter
Are there any reminders set for today?
play alex jones in radio
Play episode 3 Secrets of the Citadel
please could you speak once again.
Please set the vacuum to start going now.
please let us try that one more again.
What is your best joke
uh no, it's not what i am looking for.
i want to listen to the new sam harris epsiode
Give me stats on the election by the hour
Please order one train ticket to Los Angeles.
please read the last email for me
please will you clarify me more on it.
post swagging in LA on my facebook timeline
did you get question correctly?
stop and try what you've said once more.
Turn lights off in bedroom.
Tell me about the latest environmental news.
can you see if there any trains going to...
Tell me what time it is right now
hey Olly, I happened to miss one of my important meetings today
that's nice one, thank you very much, olly.
can you do it again please.
Please list the senders of received emails from the last three days.
What events do I have between 12pm and 4 pm?
yeap excellent response to the command.
Can you set the living room lights to pink?
weather in Florida this week
Play Summer Lovin' next.
show number and contact email of Rehan, Olly
Add Bola birthday of 12th July to my calender
Every other Monday remind me to take out the recycling
Make a taxi booking in Uber
Display available lists
Whats on your list right now?
i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
tell me if>>>>
delete list
What notifications do I have in social media?
please could you speak once more.
current stock price x
s2, i can not catch that.
Show me what day the 31st is on.
I want lo listen song x
Cnn latest headlines
Please list the subject lines of last twenty received emails.
uhh no, i think it was incorrect response.
whatever would be fine.
can you check and confirm what just said.
Put this event in a repeating pattern on my calendar
go to setting
Tweet a complaint to comcast
play radio with rock music
What's the current exchange rate for the euro against USD?
What's the definition of a buffet table
remind me that I have to go see Hannah about our math project next Tuesday at 10pm
how warm is it right now outside?
Book ticket to depart in the morning.
i like you just stop.
Remind me about my Monday meeting with Peter Francis fifteen minutes before the meeting.
Play for me the game Candy Crush
i have no idea for what to do, olly.
could you further rephrase me on this please.
Show me the next episode
What new posts are on my page?
you do not get this right.
yeap you've understood my instructions perfectly.
Lights off
solve math issue
The time difference between Lagos and New York is what?
Clear this list
Change moms birthday event to repeat every year on same day
How many degrees is it in Orange, Tx right now?
remember this email
you didn't interpret the request right.
Make a things to do list
Traffic
what is going on in LA today?
Are there any events going on close by?
Describe scheduled events
The 22nd is what day?
Tune to classic hits
Please block <insert time and date information> on my schedule
book a train ticket to city A.
Schedule a meeting with John Connor tomorrow, at eight in the morning.
shit, you gave me not right information.
What's a fuel rail injector?
play list music True Love
Delete an last event reminder of 29/03/2017
it's nice, thank you very much.
Time in New York
alexa tell me about bob dean?
Start creating a new list
Go to my classical playlist.
Alarm 10 AM
i appreciate it, that's good.
add this new email to my contacts
that is cool, appreciated.
Please tell me about relationship
I am going to Chinatown in half an hour, book an Uber for me.
tell me how are the results of assembly elections in Delhi going to come out?
check email for new messages
bring me the title of current music.
Who has won the most number of OSCARS ever?
I am having a meeting on tomorrow, set it
Olly, set coffee to bre at 7:00 am
how has your life been changed by me
How is traffic on the highway?
Please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
Look to see if Luigi's has take-a-way.
COULD YOU PLEASE REMOVE MY CARD DETAILS FROM VALLET.
Book me a train for the next available train.
Pull up the complaint website for Starbucks.
appreciate your helps, olly.
I got a package in the mail today.
This is a good song. Put it on repeat.
how many (currency) in ____ usd
away off or take off a specific calender event
When did dave matthews email me about the contract?
calendar event
i can not quite catch that.
Clean the floor, please
play audiobook of jacob
i like you to check and confirm it please.
Play something with three or more stars from New Music.
sorry but i think you made mistake.
Please play any Joy Division album.
Google chrome
Tell me the population of USA
remind me at the time of the event
What type of event?
Wimbledon Grand slamm tennis
I want a reminder for an editor's meeting at 2 pm Thursday.
Explain what a contact lense is.
PDA is it snowing?
How many states are there in the United States?
i would not really mind to choose any one.
Do I have a doctors appointment today?
Ok Google, schedule a meeting with the VP of the department on 3/21/2017
Create a new list for my birthday plans
Any fast food meal offers
how you know me
That song was awesome, can you repeat?
New news, tech
Tell me how to make a poor boy sandwich.
confirm question.
Is it true that Susan's birthday is on March 1st?
This is the best band ever
show me direction to my home
Read me titles for international news
thanks but i think you messed up my command.
Please tweet @PizzaHut I've been waiting for my delivery for 85min now #nothappy
Please restart the Handmaid's Tale
What movie should I go see?
Show me what time it is!
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
you've got my instructions right.
Play all Indie pop songs.
Select the contact
this is unimportant.
Hey PDA!
any activity in the area?
How's are the roads looking right now?
I need a good cry, can you play me sad rock songs?
Forward the concert dates to Jerry by email.
Wipe everything on my calendar.
Where is the nearest bookstore?
How many people are attending my next meeting?
tell me what is on my schedule for today
tell funny things
ah it's amazing, olly.
How many calories are in a serving of grapes?
can you please check question.
Save this song to playlist
There are certain parts of my day where I am fatigued Olly.
let's try again please.
Notify me of the meeting on tuesday
i think thats wrong.
Turn off kitchen light
Is there any news about the presidency?
turn up sound
is it currently raining?
will you try what i have just said one more time please.
My mother needs the weekly weather sent to her.
Please send the email to abc@gmail.com instaed of xyz@gmail.com
Play my favorite music right now
Turn up the volume on the music
DAY AFTE DAY TOMAROW WILL CONDUCT ALL MEETINGS
mix well.
find route
Please give me all shop names in a 2 mile radius
that's cool, thank you.
Tell me about Neal Adams
What's the temp in  Flint, MI?
Start a grocery list
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
Which are the games lined up for this weekend in the English Premier League?
How many lists do I have?
give me recipes
i do not quite catch up with you.
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
How much does the FB stock cost?
ticket for NY
Do remove next event from the calendar
how old is george clooney
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to NJ today
play angry bird
list next month's events
Play 7 Habits of Effective People
whats the travel time from here to dallas by train?
What type of learning system do you use?
you have gotten my instructions correcly.
What was last sent to me in my social media feed?
can you locate some gospel music for me
that's useful, thank you, olly.
Where is Tuesday's morning meeting?
Play last reason podcast
Keep me up to date with news on certain topics.
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and Mexico?
What is the exchange rate of currency in UK
s2, your response was not so clear.
Up coming events
pls send a mail to my hubby i will late tonight
play spotify playlsit blank
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
Is the sun gonna shine in Devon this weekend?
nope, it's not what i meant.
What is the weather in new york
i want to know more about this person
could you please confirm it.
health
please once again elaborate me on your answers.
Lower lights in my room
How much money did Bill Gates make
olly please could you shut off.
just cancel.
Can you tell me about the Middle East
PDA, post to Twitter: Trump is such an ass.
Tell me what's trending on Twitter.
It's too dark in here
Initiate the robot vacuum cleaner
would you please check and confirm it.
reply to joes email
Olly how do I make Lobster bisque
Who wrote the song that is playing?
how to repeat the song
Start reply
Add eggs to my grocery list.
that's all, stop.
oh my god why did you do that.
Do I have any pending reminders?
Turn up the brightness of the lights.
Delete the last phrase.
command is great.
Olly, Whats the dow jones at today?
what event going to held in harischand maidan
Can save this music in my playlist?
please can you retry.
please would you try again.
Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?
yeap you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
please reply to the email
whatever is ok for me.
which day will be rainy in this week
do i need boots today
anything would be okay for me.
could you tell me again please.
Forcast
How much Russian currency can I get for 1 American dollar?
Play my downloaded music
Is there any traffic on my way to work?
Turn wemo plug socket on
Schedule a meeting on Tuesday
Email staff group distribution about tomorrow's meeting
set alarm for 6 am everyday
Olly, today I had a record breaking sale!
PDA I want to go to Sally's Brithday on Saturday at 10pm
oh it's wonderful.
how time is it
Delete Mike Stein from Contacts list
uh no, i think not right response.
Weather report of Boston
can you check that.
Any news updates from BBC?
set alArm
What time is it right now in Pacific time?
could not understand it.
Start with the first episode of that podcast.
Tell me today's date
Is my appointment to the dentist still on for tomorrow morning?
what is the first friday of next month?
game name
refresh email
Restart American Gods.
Learn my consciousness so well I could go on living in PDA form after I die.
Find and Order rasgulla of janta sweet home pvt Ltd
could you confirm detail please.
Meaning of PDA
email jerry regarding the meeting
Turn the plug off.
Olly where can I find nike shoes in Cleveland
Will I need an umbrella for today?
you've done it correctly appreciated, olly.
What's the latest on the judicial hearings?
Click Save.
olly add my upcoming meeting to my calendar
I have a new email address, can you send an email?
you are helpful, thank you so much, olly.
loudly
Spaghetti Recipe
Olly, play me an upbeat song through your speakers.
PDA please check on our exchange rates compared to others
i want you to check and confirm what said please.
Put on some Led Zeppelin
I need an alarm for 9pm.
How to get to Cracow before noon by train
android
play the most popular bluegrass music
Remove my list of contacts from work
thanks but you are wrong.
i would not really mind to choose any one, olly.
Start sync
Trump
Check the notes app and give me details of all the lists.
Olly, darker lights please.
Where is the nearest ATM machine?
Remind me to get the oil changed
what is the definition of pda
Find me the description of this object
Play some boy band music.
give me updates on this news
Play a song from  Illaiyaraja's composition
Remind me to meet Sarah at Safeway in Mckinleyville California at noon.
Put on station x
Where was Keith Urban born?
Please define forensic
i would like to hear the last you just said again.
olly that's enough, just stop it.
Anything I haven't done yet?
read me the news from nsnbc alexa
i said do this.
Will the fast food shop at the corner open today?
Open my most recent email and reply
Where is X located?
Can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup?
Wake me up at 9 am.
Resume Pride and Prejudice.
i don't really care.
i am sorry but you don't understand me.
that's all.
i am exhausted from work
Please rate this song <insert rating here>
Start a competitive crossword for us.
I want this radio channel played
define word
yeah that's right.
can you add my brother's birthday dinner at rusk for march 23rd
check and confirm detail.
i like you just cancel.
what alarms are set for today
macdonald shops
What is Clint Eastwood doing these days?
When is the best time to shop at Target so that I don't have to deal with a lot of people?
Directions to Disney World
I want to invest some money in some of the things I like, what are your best recommendations.
Do I have any emails from today?
put a mail to sandy
you have done it right.
if idle then turn off else turn on
PDA what time is the Cantonese Dog Festival?
that's all, just stop it.
I want you to remove this event
Who is the artist of the current playing song?
Go to www.metronorth.com for train tickets
Set an alarm for time
Change color of lights
Email my meeting details to my manager
Put the lights off now.
further clarify what you just said please.
it's nice one, thank you so much.
olly i like you cancel it.
please could you try what you've said once more.
I want the status on my screen brightness
What are the best Italian restaurants in Los Angeles?
i am not so clear about that.
just how bad is traffic on my commute
Boiled.
olly i want you stop.
Did anyone send me an email?
check question please.
Make it red in here
Could yoi play the song Everytime I see you
what time is it Eastern
I want to listen Irene
read freds emails
Please, change lights colour to red
check the command please.
will you speak one more time again.
Who was the 25th president of the United States of America?
Remove a list of things to buy
Acquire latest news
I need directions to Lowes in Mount Holly, NJ
Olly play music from my fav pianist
Find me a ride to the mall of America please
PDA what's on my to-do list?
don't let me forget to <unk>
running competitions on the west side
Please add this song to my playlist favorites
how many calories in an orange
will you confirm what last said please.
Give me the current trend on the stocks for Facebook and McDonalds.
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
could you please rephrase me about last sentence further.
Could you speak a little more softly?
Olly will it rain on Saturdy?
What does 'turbulence' mean?
Please turn on wemo socket
What does my facebook feed look like?
will you speak one more again please.
Please give me an update on the election every 30 minutes.
Set the Alarm tone
Get rid of the last list.
What type of music do I enjoy?
uhh no, you do not understand what i am looking for.
that is excellent.
i would like to hear your phrase again.
What's on my schedule next week?
this song is too length
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
thank you for your help, olly.
I need to know what reminders have not been deleted yet.
Please Find all name start with alphabetic of 'G' and create a list.
Any meeting on.....
PDA can you remind me to take the garbage out on Tuesday.
PDA: Tell Bob Smith...
Is tomorrow a holiday?
detail for stock price
set up uber
Can you tell me the weather for monday?
darken the room a bit
Set event on repeat
Give me dark
Alexa add bananas to my shopping list.
Brief me about my news feed stories
I want music.
Play music by the Beatles.
I want to play FIFA 17
buy me today train ticket to city A.
it was not correct.
22nd April day
how soon is my anniversary
Tell me more about John Smith.
yes confirmed.
whats the time?
show me the directions to the closest starbucks
how many hours remaining to reach midnight in city
PDA check on this week's weather report
Can you tell me what's on my list
yeap got it perfectly.
Can i wear shorts today?
Olly, what movie are playing  near me?
I need a meeting to be schedule with this person
Please delete what I just typed.
How long do I need to boil an egg?
Cortana, what song is playing on Windows Media Player?
turn of all lights
What TV show is Jennifer Aniston on?
notify all birthdays next week
make the light more brighter
What's going on in the world right now?
that's great.
what did <unk> today
Order me a Cheese burger from Tommy's burgers
should i wear a dress or a sweat shirt today
Remove calender events
What continent is Germany on
you didn't understand what i was looking for.
What is the exchange rate of Euro today to dirham
Did I receive any email in the past hour?
book Ola for airport today evening.
that's helpful,.
tweet that product sucks
I don't like it
Make me a cappuccino.
more bright
yeah you have understood that right.
Please tell me the current date
Latest movies in theatres
it's useful,.
Wave
yes great response to the command.
give me the reminders
Play my top rated playlist
meaning
Day on 22nd April
could you please elaborate me further on your answers.
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa?
Do a coffee for me please
can you confirm instruction please.
it's amazing.
please take me to Wall Street journal
i think not right response.
go to rap list
Alexa compose email.
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
Alexa, delete the events from the calendar on 28th march
any meeting between 6 to 7pm
i think this was not correct.
Is Alex saved in my contacts list.
I enjoy listening to this song, it really calms me down
Buy train ticket
usa
what did you just say in the last conversation.
What is the definition of inchoate?
Play Jars of Clay's If I Left the Zoo
Check and see if I've received any emails from Eddie Richards having to do with budgets.
Remove my next scheduled appointment please.
recommend me some shops to shopping in Angel
PDA can you create a sugar free diet for me and create a shopping list for the ingredients.
Olly make the lights brighter
Echo, turn on a Country music station
find details about President Barrack Obama
Was George Washington the first president
Where is the food festival tonight
who are your developers
Start Robot Vacuum cleaner.
Are there any local events being put on tonight?
Switch off lights
Can you tell me about today
would you check what just said please.
Send email to family member and read it first.
I would like to listen to music on the radio.
When was Richard Nixon born?
Olly recommend a restaurant with medium expense.
hey siri what are the latest headlines today
At what time is the italian cafe closed between lunch and dinner?
how many hours gone from midnight on  city.
I need to make a list.
alexa what is something that is round?
what is googs current price
Please remove the next event on my calender
play only My list
wouldn't know.
you've understood command perfectly.
suggest me a good restaurant
yeap fantastic response to the command.
PDA: Whats the headlines from Bob's News
What is my current time
it doesn't matter, olly.
Turn on switch of wemo socket.
Olly, what clothing shops are close to my current location?
i like you check what i last said please.
Make the volume to zero
Can you play Call Me by Aretha Franklin after this song is finished playing.
Mark reminder with these people
Ok google, get me news on Trump.
alexa remind me to go to my doctors at 4pm on tuesday
Let me know about my next meeting two hours before it starts.
Tell me how to cook pasta.
play the radio channel 93.25
I was chased by a dog
Please play workout playlist.
Music from the 1960s
it's cool, appreciated.
free home delivery
I am unable to hear you, can you speak little loud?
can you check what i last said.
please start vacuuming
when and where Monet's exhibition takes place?
Erase previous list.
Make Wednesday evening at 5pm always be a meeting with Phil on my calendar.
I want the time for another city outside US
what is love
Add a new email
Hey PDA, Check email
progress from the last paused point of my audio book.
i want to hear what i've said again.
pls turn off all the lights outdoor
stop and try what said one more time again.
Send an email to guy selling the boat telling him that I have the money
list current scheduled events
What is Mondays actual date?
what's JLO up to?
Tell me when Trump was born
Please book a taxi for me
Is this shop is good or bad
Remove Mother from my contact list.
Could you please tell me what the current time is?
speak the last one one more again please.
it's not the right answer.
Ok Google, where's the best and most affordable place to stay in San Diego
the meeting with XXX will be in 10mins
Do I have a soccer game this weekend?
How many events on my list?
Get current news on government shutdown
What movies did brad pit star in
Show me best in class theatre
check item 5 on my to do list
PDA: When does the last  train to Clarksville leave?
Please tell me some international news.
Volume up/down
What is the song currently playing?
What reminders are coming up this week?
Remind me of meeting time at 7pm next Monday
play all Third Day
create an event 'gym day' on monday and set it to repeat
What is my most recent email?
will you tell me one more time again.
Can you make a red shade of light in the living room?
Let's hear the news from CNN.
did you get the last thing i said correctly?
I would like to reply to the most recent email.
Hey tell me a  knock knock joke.
remove 'buying eggs' item from to do list
play lupe fiasco
get me news.
list the  availables
whats the weather
Please open and play chess with me
could not get your answers.
create calendar event with ____
show news of migration
go to contacts and enter a new email address
play new bob dylan album
Where is kansas located
I need an email to be sent to comcast.com about my service issues.
get the roomba to start cleaning
go to the event day and delete
write SMS to our friends
What time does the train arrive in Sacremento?
What is the date Easter falls on?
Reply to my email from Sasha saying thanks.
I wanna get up at 6 am
Cooking
olly please could you shut down.
i just want to know some information about u
it was helpful, appreciated.
Delete all events for the next five days
this new email should be added to my contact
yeap excellent response.
Olly, weather in Bristol  Vt
dammit, it's not what i just said.
Give me the stock price of Intel
When will the match start
List out my upcoming events?
Get me train times to location from station
Explain the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
that is useful, i appreciate it, olly.
Tell me what's happening in European politics
confirm it.
Do I have an appointment today?
How many keys are on a piano?
What kind of free activities can i do locally this week?
MAKE NEW SHCEDULE FOR TOMORROW MEETING
What is the schedule of the next Maggie Rogers concert?
what on my calander?
Play, Atmosphere next.
i think you have gotten it incorrectly.
Tell me about current status of Sunderland vs Liverpool match. How is the performance of Liverpool in this match?
how is brexit going recently?
Can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at x time?
celeb info
Turn off my wemo plug socket now.
reply 'thank you' to john
Play my newest podcasts from Radiolab.
cricket update
Give me some good sounds
will it be cold enough for mittens later tonight?
Check definition of capricious.
Book a train ticket to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30pm today
please check last thing said.
Will gloves come in handy on Tuesday?
could you clarify me on your response once again.
Put the last song on repeat
jane doe
get a forecast about wind speed tonight
Lets get something on the calendar for Tuesday
I need a recipe for chicken thighs for my pressure cooker.
Turn off the speakers
don't really mind for any one, olly.
Place family phone on instagram
Set the time zone to gmt
will you again explain me about the last sentence please.
write down these items
again elaborate your answer.
Tell me about the latest politics news.
Reming me tonight to pick up my dry cleaning at 8pm.
tell me that words spoke again please.
grocerie list
What's happening in France today?
Can I get a recap of what is going on with Sprint right now?
Play X on X radio.
Shall we meet for today's party
could you shut off please.
What is the local weather forecast for the next seven days
What does regal mean?
What are the tallest mountains in America?
musch appreciated, it's great one.
How slow is traffic on the five?
s1, please elaborate me on your answer again.
mild or heavy weather
What is the entrapreneur saying about homelessness in the Seattle Times article
What's happened in the news recently?
Set a calendar event
thank you for the response, olly.
change this time zone to wasington
tell me the time when 'punjab mail' will reach gwalior
i think you messed up with my request.
cancel my 3pm alarm
How many days is it until May 25th?
play podcast 1
Go to beginning of previous episode
no, that was not what i said.
this doesn't matter for me.
ARE THE STREETS CONGESTED RIGHT NOW
Start a cup of coffee for me.
When does the F train run today?
yeah your understanding was confirmed.
tell me the last one spoken once more please.
s1, please once again elaborate me about your answers.
hey olly what has been happening interesting in sports lately
What all lists are available?
Call a taxi
Answer email
I want to know what are happening now in my area
Move forward 2 minutes in this podcast.
I need a description of (object)
how much later is new york than L.A.?
pda email
What time are my meetings tomorrow
Where is fiji?
how its possible
Should I pick up some defrosting salt at the store?
i do not really know.
i would like to continue my audiobook
would you clarify further on it to me please.
Play the pre-gaming playlist
you understood me incorrect.
Olly, give me information on the song that's playing.
Send an email to Dad about the weather for the week.
Delete all the events in my calendar.
Am I going to a hairdresser tomorrow?
Play the next episode of Max's podcast
what makes that country the coldest
this does not really matter to me.
Did I email Tom on the subject of gun control?
Turn off the bass from the audio
Do I have anything scheduled for tomorrow?
What time will it rain tomorrow?
who are the last number of people I got emails from?
What is six times sixty-eight?
check outlook
Turn off the 6AM alarm for Wednesday
can you please rephrase further.
Hey, when is my friend's birthday coming up?
Olly get me the popular news from bbc
please save this song
thanks, that's fantastic job, olly.
How is the current weather in Washington DC.
prepare a new list
please read me the last news from Boston tribute
it is useful, thanks, olly.
How long is the Nile?
turn up the lights
i am not clear about last sentence.
Check for emails from my boss.
Give me the definition of carion.
DO I HAVE ANY APPOINTMENTS THIS WEEK?
What is the recipe for ...
It complements the information in Drive Safe: A handbook for Western Australian road users by providing a practical guide to the driving skills, experience, good driving habits and attitudes that learner drivers need to develop.
Remove no. 3 alarm of list.
whats that object about?
Have you been enjoying your day so far?
Did I leave myself any reminders?
Recommend artists similar to Rihanna
retry what i've said please.
Where does the 22nd fall this month?
would you tell me it one more again.
Alexa, state the weather in our city
Can you remove that on my calendar
Raise the volume of the speakers.
Show volume settings
Social media updates
should I plan to shovel my way out of the house
add new event named anna to calendar
alexa resume joes book from where i left off last time
Wish birthday
I can barely hear you Olly
mountain x height
What do I need to complete first from the list Olly?
Respond with...
yeah you have got my instructions right.
Ok Google, tweet the service at Moe's Diner is terrible
Please send an email to (name)
please will you check details.
Schedule text messages for later.
power on wemo
Nice lyrics.
yeah you've done it perfectly.
what is my age?
I want to hear more of shinedown.
Please provide the contents of the list
give me the latest updates
Tune to
Did anybody post on Facebook today?
Set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
which ocean touches at our continent
your response was not clear.
Remind me to pay my bills at the start of every month
What's the weather like in Toronto?
Play all songs by Metallica on shuffle.
i am sorry but you messed up with command.
Open The New York Times app.
olly would you just cancel it please.
this does not matter with me.
Is it possible for you to get a train ticket for me?
can you please shut down.
Please, give me the weather report for this week.
Check all cab companies and get a time booked for 3 pm.
that's useful,.
Please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
ON THE RADIO, IT IS TIME FOR GOOD MUSIC.
Tell me more about the scheduled events
Please provide me with notifications on the election results
What alarms do I all have set
Play by favorite radio station.
Turn up the volume on my speakers.
How are you feeling lately?
Check emails for last hour
play my recently downloaded songs
Is Emma Stone single?
Can you please read the my Mom sent this morning at 10am
I need to add water to my Kroger list.
Please tell me what the word home means
is there any event related to sports in gandhi maidan
Send email to
Creat a new to-do list
show time in mumbai
is it march
yeap excellent.
Could you please create a new event on my calendar ?
give me the schedule for today's events
what did you mean by it.
make next podcast episode to play
Will it be raining on Thursday?
Olly you need to find an alternate route to my destination
play songs bu Adele
Please pause yourself.
color change of lights
get me info on
PDA: Would you please turn on the AM radio?
Olly, find me the latest news right now
Does Peking Garden do orders online?
please turn socket off
sorry but you had me not correct.
Breaking news for today
what is this
Turn the living rooms lights off.
uhh no, you've done task all in wrong manner.
thank you so much for the answer, olly.
Do i require a winter jacket this AM?
How many species of bees are there in the United States?
i do not mind to select any one, olly.
What music genre do I play most?
Add milk to my grocery list.
What is the current exchange rate with the GBP
what is the u.s. dollar exuivalent of 1 euro
For my calendar, write Preschool Reading every Wednesday.
please elaborate your answers further.
s1, please elaborate me on what you have said further.
this does not matter for me.
50 cent
get me the latest news in hongkong
display recent email from John, Olly
Can you email Mary and let her know I am on my way?
Read information about calendar event on March 19th at 2PM
olly what fun stuff can i do around here
Get me a Uber
expenses
Turn on some radio station.
How was the traffic now
Olly, I had the worst day ever today.
Open memo add note about my meeting
Has @realDonaldTrump posted anything new on Twitter?
can you retry please.
your response is incorrect.
Make a calendar entry for brunch on saturday morning with Chris, Kimberly, and Aaronson
Tell me the name of the radio station that I want played
i want you to check and confirm the last thing i said please.
Any mail from John today?
Give me the current time
What is the capital of Jordan
Please continue with the next podcast episode
create event
do i have a lunch on firday
you have got my instructions correcly.
i want to know about this song
Remove that event from my calendar
what train companies are near me
is it male or female?
start over.
Post that I am going to McDonalds at Manhattan
PDA what's the time in Ottawa?
i need to know today's cricket match
i helped a poor needy today, Olly
I need a birthday reminder for tomorrow, add one
clarify once again to me please.
please tell me the background of person X
What's happening tonight in Chicago?
what are the probability that it will rain today?
Add new email to contact
check my last command.
it's great one, olly.
how much is lebron james worth
have no idea for which to select, olly.
What does a grapefruit look like?
thanks for this information.
Can this room have green light?
Anything new on (specific topic) since (specific date)?
Did I get any new emails today from Claire?
do not care, olly.
start my playlist on I Heart Radio
Send an email to (sender)
Where is Botzwana
thanks but i think got me incorrectly.
please rephrase me on your words further.
Turn off my desk lamp.
i don't really bother.
Is there bad traffic on the highway right now?
play a game of contra as a second player
it is confirmed.
Play EDMs
I need to know the name of that song.
please check the incorrect command.
Show me the alarms I set
s1, could you clarify me further on that please.
wake me up on Friday at 5 in the morning, I need to catch the train
Search for a good nerd joke.
send reply 'thank you so much mom' to mom
please set event on Tuesday
Save the opinion that I just posted to this song.
PDA send an email to Jesse.
yeap you understood my instructions exactly.
<unk> ok buy that one
Please switch to red fm
Remove my meeting today at 1:00 P.M.
Any suggestions on a good time for an hour meeting this week?
olly that's all, just stop.
current currencys rate
you have done that correctly i appreciate it.
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
Please mute yourself.
I went skiing today.
Tap Start, and then select Settings.
is there any traffic to work
Increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
New emails, received in past hour
google translate
What does the traffic look like on my usual route to work?
Is Fongs dine in only?
List events from this three o'clock to five o'clock
when does the next train travelling the the city leave here?
Can you give me a flash briefing?
open saga
Is Susan's birthday on March 1?
Send a reply to this email.
just stop please.
I need some rap!
can you please clarify me about this further.
Find my wife.
Remove Tuesday alarm of 9.00 a. m.
What is going on today from 2-4pm?
I did not want you to send that text yet, wait until I say send.
Get me answers
Help microphone
Olly, how far is Canada from my current location?
After this one, play song
Play for me music by Madonna
Open pandora
you've done that correctly.
doesn't really matter.
Tell me 1 euro = $
from which movie is the song
Slow down the speaker volume
what is Paris time ?
Remember to pick me up by 12 noon from the Airport, I have a 3 pm meeting.
thanks but i think you didn't understand command correctly.
Can I get takeaway from Pings?
What will the weather be like for this week?
previous episode
Read shopping list items.
Is there a training scheduled for tomorrow?
Define Economics
thank you for your asssistance.
Remove a list of accessories purchase last week.
Start up the coffee machine.
I would like to start a new list
musch appreciated, it's fantastic.
Please answer Jean's e-mail.
Play all music by Billy Joel
i am sorry but it is not the correct command.
can you please clarify once again.
find nearest train station
Email John Smith.
I would like to tell my personal digital assistant is  provide me to more information storing
How many pounds do 60 kg make?
Play 94.5 FM.
Can we talk about sex?
i think it is not correct response.
Add on my calendar for today, Joe Smith, at 1 pm
Current date.
What is my daughter's phone number.
current politics
it's fantastic.
PDA, I didn't get the product on time, send a tweet to JCPenney,
List alll set alarms.
centre of browsing
what is the mean sea level of that place.
turn off lights in bathroom
What is today's current date?
marriage day
Please play me my latin music playlist.
tell me tom hanks middle name PDA.
Update by telling it
Please resume my music
favourite
Go and make me a coffee
please can you try what you've just said once again.
you did it exactly.
Remind me to read book next week
Please play rock music.
How often do you complete updates?
show time in china
Can you make an event for friday night with Emi, Maya, and Mackensie?
play songs by coldplay
How can I go to the place?
Is there traffic right now in Maiden lane?
I want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me?
give me the list of available train tickets from A to B
Save email for later
Remove a list please
How long should the drive to work take?
thank you very much for your answers.
please remove item a from my list
Is my reminder alarm set for dance class?
How is Apple doing in the stock market?
What is twelve times eight?
confirm the question please.
check celebrity where abouts
shit, you've done that wrong.
Tweet Comcast to say their service is down.
How do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner?
I want the speakers turned up high.
Show me popular exchange rates
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
Lower my music player volume by 50% of its current level
notifications
Olly, what is the stock price of Apple?
What is the time in Perth?
answer is confirmed.
what is the music playing right now.
Did Ben and Jen get back together?
Joke please
Change the colours please
Kickball is over, I do not need the alarm for kickball on Wednesday evening, any longer.
who are you
Tell about the origin of the word
The list should contain this item.
who won the sports game last night.
When is Jared Leto's birthday?
check and confirm what said.
Pull up news from the Wallstreet Journal.
Will it rain in the evening today
no please search some more.
Send me the stock market updates for today.
Book my train ticket to new york.
Google is my Thursday appointment with my dentist?
uh no, it isn't what i am looking for.
Set up a daily reminder for me.
any one will be okay.
When is the next train arriving to Union Station from Grand Central Station?
check the details please.
How did Michael Jackson die
What is the time in <insert city>
Who did I email last?
Olly, what is the definition of the word 'snafu' ?
Can you set a reminder for Wednesday at 1:00PM for my meeting?
what is ___ +-x etc ____
Find me all mails from Magda with holidays word in the title
How to get somewhere
Play 'Uptown Girl' by Billy Joel
olly could you shut off please.
I want to remove the grocery list.
Remind me to go to bed before 1 am everyday
alexa tell me the largest ocean in the world
Can you remove remove 'buying eggs' item from my to do list?
display exchange rate of euro to Indian rupee
What did Geraldine Ferraro do after her run for VP?
Tell me weather forecast
Should I wear rain boots?
Clean my entire calendar
Tell me what subterranean means.
you've done it correctly musch appreciated.
that's fantastic, musch appreciated, olly.
What time is it right now in Australia?
Let me hear some pop music or a song
Delete from playlist my Old English Songs list
hmm, i think incorrect.
PDA I am going to Sally's Birthday on Saturday at 10pm
What is the current exchange rate of Euro to dollar
Alexa, please delete all appointments for today
My coffee is cold please make more coffee
Show me a traffic map from Kamycka to Dejvicka
What does rice wine go with?
would you check and confirm detail please.
hi google pls send mail to mom i am comin home on this weekend
I would like to listen to howard stern on 97.9 fm
donald trump
Give me the definition of School
What is IBM stock at?
how is the weather in utah right now
select shuffle all
Is there any chance of rains in Mysore to beat the heat
Check my Twitter account
Did Charlotte responded?
Book uber taxi for my travel
wouldn't really know, olly.
Tell me my meetings this Wednesday morning
please bring up my itunes
will you please confirm what i just said.
How many mega pixel is listed in the description of the Canon T7i?
did you get details correctly?
thanks for answers, olly.
Today I am feeling very stressed.
Start my jazz playlist
Order takeout from pizza restaurant.
Open FIFA 17
please replay that.
Find me new comments from my Facebook
After this song play Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head.
What time can I catch the train to DC and arrive by 9 AM?
wait, i think this was not the correct answer.
How long will it take me to drive to work today?
check my last question.
convert 21:30 from GTM 4:00 to GMT 4:30
ah it is excellent.
Where is Mary's birthday party being held?
Is it currently raining in New York City
Play me some music
I have a meeting tomorrow morning at 10:00, please remind me.
What do I have scheduled for tomorrow? I need to cancel.
Today is john's Birhday?
What is a substitute for margarine?
tweet complaint to @
Ok Google! how long should i bake ziti in the oven?
Cancel the tomorrow's meeting from my calender
Play for me the radio station 98.3 fm
What do I have coming up?
play blank playlist
wonderful work, you have done well.
Olly, I need directions to Madison St
My desire is to listen to some country music.
Wake me up at 7 AM.
Book a meeting with Chelsea
Replay the song
what will the weather be like a week from now
PDA start a new list for me.
Please delete samantha's party.
I need a repeating reminder for every Monday at 3:30 p.m.
olly change the color of the lights
thanks for helping.
who is the current us treasury secretary
I need some sushi, what's closest?
Is Fox News reporting any breaking news at this time?
Do I have any other contact phone number for Alison?
play track one from my david bowie playlist
Dim all interior lights
do i need to spare washing my car today?
Please start my music
i think you did a mistake, please fix this.
if there any alarm is set then let me know.
please remind me to do this job in the evening
play the song from last night at 6pm
What is the most current exchange rate in China
What does session mean
will you tell me one more time please.
Remove my list of notes from last week.
Can you set the location to my sisters house for this event?
Save my last playlist
Cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at 8 am.
Will Trump visit Russia anytime soon?
could you just cancel it please.
compare between google pixel and iphone 7
Turn off the lights in this room please.
Look for apple pie recipe.
olly would you just stop it please.
add light
i do not really mind for anything, olly.
Erase item x from my list
Robot Vacuum cleaner on.
Please remind to get donuts for the meeting
May I know what is trending in Facebook?
you have done that right thank you very much.
prepare list
want to make the game
PDA, Will I need sunscreen later?
that is unimportant with me.
Erase all data from calendar
what's that.
Find me the recipe for beef stroganoff.
I need the definition of the new lg washing machine.
Is Monday free after noon?
nope, i think you made mistake, please correct this.
you are the best, i appreciate it.
it's good job, i appreciate it.
Delete my lunch from my calendar scheduled for tomorrow
Check for new emails
Move forward to the next episode
send email to joanne@aol.com and add as new contact
Who was the current prime minister of britain?
Are there unread emails in Gmail?
Is there valet service at the event
call the phone number
check it please.
What is the definition of capricious?
Who is Jennifer Aniston married to
make the lighting bit more warm here
PDA can you please change the mood of the light.
Search for all titles for Huey Lewis and play.
I have an appointment tommorrow, remind me
you've done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
Tweet a complaint for the online bookstore
play songs related to ACDC
Send answer to George.
s1, rephrase me more on it.
What is the name of the current song?
How can the word  placid be used?
go to ne mail compile
get me the details of lisa ann
please can you once again elaborate me on this.
you rock, musch appreciated, olly.
PDA, play the radio for me.
would you reset what i've said please.
How many reminders are there for tommorrow
Is Elizabeth Taylor still alive?
Can you tell me how much one dollar in the US is in Mexico?
Hey olly play playlist tactics from music
speaker volume decrease
turn off the lights in the kitchenn
disable my  okug
Cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning.
Shut the living room lights.
I do not need this anymore
What is the time in Ajmer ?
Open calendar, remove all events
Delete recent list now.
nice job, you have done well.
play me music
Review set alarms.
Delete the next event today
can you tell me what list i have?
What's your favourite tv show?
thank you very much for listening.
play next episode of harry potter by JK Rowling
How many birthday's are on 23rd.
i want to play the song again
Weather in Leisure City
What is Mary S's phone number?
What is the weather like for Houston?
please will you speak once again.
What event do you suggest for me tonight?
What's the news?
Make a coffee please.
check recent to do list
is ther any event nearby, I could attend ?
would you check and confirm my last instruction please.
Lets have a chat.
Please tell me how to get to Terre Haute, IN?
Set and event for the 15th of every month to remind me to pay my internet bill.
s2, couldn't get that.
currently what is the exchange rate between dinar and pound
Is Kim Kardashian married?
Is the song by Shakira?
musch appreciated, olly.
How do I cook a medium rare steak?
Please find all emails from Jane about our sunday church group.
could you replay that.
When is my takeaway going to get here?
What's on the radio?
never mind.
it was nice one, thanks.
I want to bright the room more
longest river in the world
Add jpearsonjessica@gmail.com to email contacts
remind me about meeting
I wanna start skewing, how effective will it be
Assistant, please play Royksopp Running to the Sea
whats meaning of this
What is the Netflix stock price.
yeah amazing response to the command.
what is omorrows events
Find apple pie recipe.
Remind me of Rita's birthday 24 hours in advance
make a catalogue
what's the time in Tokyo now
Increase brightness in the room
I want to know the result of 20: 2
and the light began
Add an event for July thirtieth named birthday.
Is it 10:00?
Has Mike sent me an email
How many likes does my status from yesterday have?
Remind me to send email to boss after 1 hour
do I need to take an umbrella with me this afternoon?
PDA I need you to respond to Jennifer's email by stating we will be late.
markets near by
Change the color of the lights to blue
what is the news today?
How cold will it get each night this week?
remind me to brush my teeth at three thirty
Tell me the takeaway food around this place
What is the current stock price of Samsung?
I need an email chain to my mother I'm planning a trip to see her ask her how the weather will be so I know how to pack
olly how do i make meatloaf
ah it's awesome, olly.
Can you please tell me what is the meaning of the word turnt?
Thursday at 3:00pm there is a teachers meeting I need to be reminded of.
I can't hear you speak up.
cancel alarm for 03/10/2017
PDA can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour.
What's the latest news involving Katy Perry?
yeap perfect response to the command.
can you tell me what kind of show can I go tonight in Miami?
don't mind to select any one, olly.
What time is it?
Is it too cold to go swimming?
Which lists are present in the notes app?
Turn the lights down in the living room
hi google this song is too noisy
Send email to Joy Hey I missed you yesterday want to go out for dinner tonight
Please defined about printing works.
let us try the last one you just said again please.
I'd like to continue to the next episode.
What clothes store would you recommend here?
I want to play the next episode of this podcast
Turn off the room lights.
Olly, what's hot social media topics?
miami
how free am I this week?
Olly, is there any current news on the presidential election?
Can i make back home without a traffic jam.
i would like to hear what you said again.
Remove all the events in my calendar
White
What is the time difference between here and <insert city>
answer is wonderful.
Please book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
Should I wear winter boots when I go to the store?
Hey Olly what's up.
Send an email to Julie that I can meet up with her on Saturday at 1PM
Take grocery buying off of the list
Remind me of the 7:00 AM Sales Meeting this Thursday and add to calendar.
Email family with details of the party
Olly tell me whuch time is it in new york
Can I get an order delivered from Romero's?
I need  a Puttanesca recipe that pre dates 1970
play bingo
darken
user friendly
Change the light color the red
find me a train ticket to boston
can you schedule a meeting with Mr. Chen on next Monday 6:00pm?
please set event on 7 PM
New Meeting,add Bill and Malinda as attendees
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
Please list shops withing X miles from me
Can you tell me list of events for this weekend in Pondichery?
Put on the screen the lists I have available.
My day was great
find train ticket
marry me
whats up with my takeaway
you get it perfectly.
How hot is it currently in Costa Mesa ?
Play my shuffled playlist, please.
Put on some techno music please.
Check any email related to online orders
Olly Today I lost my phone.
you've done that right thanks.
Set the alarm to 7 am for work
you got me incorrect.
Tell me where I should go for times
Tell me how to make a difference with my life
send new email to joejoe@gmail.com
play x radio channel
Play dev43 song by frubs artist
I want to hear current dance hits
What was the name of my last email
thanks but you didn't get me.
send raj a mail for job
Tell me if I have any new messages in my inbox.
find geographic details of this place
Hi google, play me playlist Wacky in my gaana application
Please look up clothing stores near me.
What are movies that are playing near me with high reviews
PDA name put this on my facebook
whats the temperature outside
Please give me information on Michael Jackson
If the object is for sale, then what is the price.
Answer this question. What's the first boss in Super Mario Bros?
Enter 1pm meeting today with Joe Smith on my calendar
Name the capital of Nigeria?
Please reply to my most recent email.
please schedule a meeting with this person
How do I cook spaghetti squash?
Play Firefly by Mura Masa
i have to wear a jacket in the morning?
CHEAP THRILLS
Can you please turn off my wemo plug.
Please change the colour of the lights. I'll tell you when to stop
enter song suggestion
delete all my calender events
Ring the alarm when I get home
What bra size is julianne hough?
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
Start radio and go to frequency on 104.8
Are there any crafts fairs happening in this area?
Light Green
Erase next calendar event
check my twitter notification
Compose email for Robert.
turn on the roomba
play 60
Open fishdom game
Evaluate today's schedule
route please
Book a training ticket from Baltimore Maryland to New York New York
do it some other way.
show local events
What's the rate between pesos and yen?
Put on a playlist of Danish music.
give the time in Dubai
Who is Janet Jackson currently dating or married to?
What shape is a ball?
What does Problematic mean?
Please add this event to my calendar
Will it be a sticky night?
Can you give me the movie schedule?
KYA TUM MUJHE CNN NEWS SUNA SAKTE HO?
Did I remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
PDA: Read back what I put on my to-do list for this week?
would like to know the description of abject A.
Is it going to rain later today?
What is the current traffic
PDA, What's the time in this timezone?
Is it sunny outside?
Hey Robot, give me a list of ingredients for Welsh Rarebit.
which event going to happen in local area
set alarm 6 am
s2, this is not clear to me.
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
Make a new list for school supplies
Add remember to call Mom to my reminders.
what is the address for the event scheduled on the 1st of January alexa?
want to play music
yeap that's excellent.
Find the meaning
play me news radio channel
yeah exact.
i would like you check and confirm last thing said please.
Every Wednesday night at 5pm remind me to meet Phil.
Tell more about this event
Clear my calendar for the rest of the day.
start play spider
I want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare.
Shut the smart socket down.
What is happening near me?
that is wonderful, thank you very much, olly.
ah it's awesome job.
find radio
What can I substitute butter with?
Make a playlist of motivational songs that can boost my morale while running and jogging and play them.
Define the moon for me.
markpolomm@gmail.com
Give me the weather forecast for this week.
I am grateful if you call the amazon customer service
How to spell the word giraffe
education
resume my audiobook where we paused last
I'd like to send an email to the new receptionist's email.
hey olly what are some good job opportunities
please fix the command.
Show me my events for the month
what is the best recipe for tacos
on vacuum cleaner
is my daughter's play friday night?
make me coffee in 5 minutes
Tell me about the new foriegn policy of Trump
you did good work, thank you very much.
you are my hero, musch appreciated.
Remind me every 1st of the month.
Tell me BBC news
Talk to me about the list
dammit, this isn't what i am looking for.
begin playing the audiobook 'Beauty and the Beast'
Become a helicopter
Find a train ticket to Philadelphia.
latest reminder about meeting
Who is the songwriter?
Radio on
Play my prefered song
How long is the great wall of china?
Play a talk program about child care
set a reminder for the 23rd
how we will get digital document
train schedule
Visit metronorth.com to help me purchase train tickets
What amount of traffic in this road?
make curser adjustable position
the lights are too bright
When will Tesla come to my town?
Hey PDA, sound is low can u tune it up?
set an alarm on Wednesday noon, so I can register for early adopters program
i could not understand this.
I want the light to be a little more red-ish.
Is the weather ok in Sydney?
What's the weather forecast this week?
make a new email for emily
What's in the news today?
prepare some cups of coffee for us
can you check and confirm my last command please.
check the question please.
s1, would you please explain me about that again.
Ok Google, set meeting for Mar 30, 2017 at 9 am
please activate my vacuum cleaner.
Make New List
s1, please rephrase once again.
Pleae play me the Michael Jackson song again
Where is Raleigh?
What is the definition of god ?
What do you look like?
would you confirm the question.
Has the war in Syria ended?
want to play songs depends on my mood
Schedule a meeting with Ri on April 1st at 10AM
New Updates
PDA, Radio Please
Stock price for GMB.
silence PDA
How heavy is traffic on interstate 20?
I had a good day today.
has the dollar rate increased ?
Who is the person behind the song of Taylor Swift Back to December?
PDA: I want to know what supermarket near me has the best price on gluten free bread.
dammit, that's not what i just requested.
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
Please tell me how many emails I have.
Where does Tar work currently?
What is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
remove calendar events
Remind me of the meeting with my Teacher today by 5pm.
Can you start the vacuum?
What's the humidity level?
do not really mind to choose any one.
Please send an email to Sally regarding tomorrows meeting.
play justin bieber on shuffle
What is the definition of word?
Hi do I have any new emails
exact response to command.
remind me about this tomorrow
i think not right answer.
please fix that command.
doesn't matter with me, olly.
use that email address as a contact
write tweet to Bank of America
check and confirm question.
Who is singing?
wouldn't really mind.
Could you add this on my calender please
read email from julia
Play rock music please.
Mute please.
tell me the exchange rate US$ v/s Indian Rupees
nice work, you have done well, olly.
Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey
that's good one, thank you, olly.
uhh no, incorrect command.
set event date in calendar with ohers
Change the light color to blue
Suggest me a complaint for neptun.al
Play me some podcasts about getting rich quick.
Volume settings, please
Please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state.
Have I got new content in my twitter feed
News articles on a particular subject
can you please further clarify me about your answer.
I want to cook Italian dishes show me some.
Stay quite
Forget alarm.
Please go to the next episode of the podcast.
Check the the dish price and all.
PDA name: can you put this on facebook
I need some coffee made Olly.
how far in steps is home from here
Refer the stock price of HDFC
it is unimportant with me, olly.
I want to hear Play That Funky Music.
Let dog out
Pull up my shopping list.
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
search for Gary McNamara in radio
When did Beyonce and Jay Z get married?
Olly, my day was exhausting.
Define forensic
open the podcastaddict
sorry but that's incorrect response.
Find John Smith in Contacts
Tell me what the weather is doing in Grand Rapids, MI right now.
Check my Facebook for notifications
could you delete all events on my calendar?
Send this reply to received email
Turn on WFRN 99.1
Is there room on my grocery list for an extra item?
Add a wrist watch to the shopping list
can you check what i last said please.
Turn off my wemo socket
Please play me some Madonna from the 80's
What have you been up to today?
Boiling
Start audiobook again.
thanks for the response, olly.
Decrease the volume to 10%
you've done it right thanks.
list ongoing events near me
please will you clarify further.
Set a reminder to attend PTA on Tuesday.
How can we prepare biriyani
i appreciate it.
Cancel Sam's party.
Does Vocelli's do takeaway?
PDA: What did I put down already on the Walmart list?
do coffee
Tell me the nearest location.
What is the latest update on <insert topic here>
i'd like you to confirm it please.
Can you play Prince and similar artists?
How would you describe a happy birthday?
Hey PDA, can you make it blue in here?
Has the weather changed for Wednesday at all?
What is the time in Zimbabwe right now
road traffic
down
Send a tweet to Samsung saying my washer is not working.
best shop in local area
play heart N soul
WHAT TIME OF DAY IS IT IN LONDON?
Where can I go tonight?
Put me down as busy on my calendar from 2-3 pm on Wednesday.
What is a monitor?
please play all the songs in high volume and make adjustments to pop music mode.
Can we play Twenty Questions?
Alexa, tell me calendar event for tomorrow.
s2, can not understand your answers.
What's a broiler?
Is my wake-up alarm set a 6 am?
just idle chit chat
cancel.
Reply to John's email today saying I will be late
tell me the time of train X
Play 989 the radiostation
Alexa, email mom and ask how the weather is there
What is the meaning of the word sanctimonious?
Show me the latest news from The Gaurdian
Play the local R&B radio station.
Tweet a complaint about more electricity bill this month
Am I busy today?
Activate the radio please.
you've done it right thank you so much.
it doesn't matter to me, olly.
tell me any yard sales happening
Can cats eat fish?
Am I gonna hit traffic?
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
Remind me to get the mail in 10 minutes.
How do you cook steak?
What did I tell Susan in my last email?
Tell me when obama was born
send email to rohan to meet me today at evening.
what is the nearest vegan restaurant?
i think your response was not correct.
How many hook ups had Richard Feynman?
please play 13
Find me my dad's email address
Can you order me takeout?
can you just cancel please.
will you retry please.
let me hear some bluegrass music
let me know in two hours that I have to leave for my violin lesson that's at 4pm at MusicWorkz
What day of the week is June 27th on this year?
Should I go through the valley or on the 10 to get to Westwood?
How do I
Google find any alarms I have set for today.
What day of the week does the next holiday fall on?
play episode 2 of
How many alarms have I set?
i think that is not the right answer.
Ok Google, remove my vacation scheduled for July
Outside Traffic  status please
Turn off my wifi.
i am not clear about your answers.
Which celebrity is most likely to follow me back on twitter?
find me a time for a meeting with Allen on tomorrow
Play Hot 97.
Please update me on any news that has to do with the Blizzard.
any one will be good to me.
Let me know if anything happens on that subject
What is the traffic like on my commute home at 5?
Edit list.
What is open late in L.A?
Explain God ?
Google please be extra quiet the baby is sleeping.
12.30pm already, you will have a meeting in 10 mins
Mukkala mukka.billa
Begin a list for...
pda delete list blank
What do you think was the best decade?
what does obama do in his day to day life
oh no.
When did the USSR dissolve and the Soviet Union rise to power
What is the current state of Brexit negotiations?
Can you forward an episode in the podcast by a minute?
turn on when plugged in else turn off
thanks but i think you have messed up with my command.
check new message in inbox.
I feel like playing chess, can you play that?
How does it feel outside?
Play podcast favorites.
you've done it correctly appreciated.
Add the song to my favorites
Turn lights off in living room
Tweet a complaint to Donald Trump about his horrible performance
please fact check {statement}
path to hallway!
Is the year 2018 a leap year?
Echo, tell me about Martin Luther King Jr.
what is joe joe's home address
What events are going on next week?
i think it is not the correct answer.
Describe Hell
Book a ticket for me on a train to get to Boston tomorrow, what is available?
What is the best oven temperature to roast potatoes?
listen to npr radio
Set a reminder to go to movies with Ron on March 27
what's my next events
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
Alexa, remove dinner with Mike from my calendar.
I would love to hear the playlist I created for my wedding.
Play for me the game Cricket
would you confirm that please.
Is there anything exciting on twitter today?
What's the time in Tampa?
delete the dentist appointment next week
Is it cloudy today, Is the wind calm today
I would like coffee now
nano technology
Explain how to sear a steak
whats the news like in the UK
Can you book an Uber after I left for office?
would you tell me what i said one more time again.
What's your favorite joke?
dammit, wrong response.
Who is the first president in USA?
please check weather on tuesday
start spider
Please play music from my 80s playlist
Shuffle and play the playlist
Is it thursday tomorrow?
What is on the agenda for the 4PM meeting with Joe?
i don't understand what you just said now.
What creates buttermilk?
Mute for (specific time)
Is it going to be cold in the next few days?
Who's emailed me recently?
My calender to be added with Bola birthday of 12th July
could you speak the last utterance said once more.
Olly, tweet Apple that the iPhone doesn't work.
What are the trending articles on the New York times.
clear calendar for this month
Send to kmart@shopyourway.com...I am waiting for a response from my earlier email reference number 783543. Any help would be appreciated.
tell me the date and the time
Can you book an Uber for me?
I will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow.
Keep me informed on this
TODAY IS MONDAY, IS IT ?
Is the weather cold?
that is not right answer.
stop, i think you've got me not correct.
Book my train ticket from Las Vegas to Los Angeles
Delete item 4
Is it true that Asia has only two countries?
Olly, what movies are playing at Carmike Cinemas?
remove my task list
play greenday
Olly, can you please make me a cup of black coffee?
you did wonderful job, i appreciate it.
PDA I like electronic music
When is my anniversary?
Please turn off the Wemo plug socket.
Is there a way to bike a hundred miles
What friends were in popular places the last day?
what rohan have to say about marriage when he meet me today.
play YouTube playlist blank
yeah you did command perfectly.
What day is Halloween this year?
I want a coffee
Play pop songs
Tell me latest news around world.
How is the traffic in Florida?
PLEASE TELL ME HOW MANY DAYS IN A LEAP YEAR?
7:00
What is the time difference between eastern and pacific time zones?
turn on shuffle
Play my favorite podcast, please.
Turn it up, Olly!
How many unread messages have i got PDA?
alexa lest play chess
after this song put on metallica
next/last
What did JLO do today?
Launch the radio
Are there any pharmacy store nearby?
How much is FB worth?
what time is it in los angeles
Find me the best knock knock joke on the internet.
Has my stock increased in value?
how is the stock going in general
Please show me detail of prvious played song.
Show me music by that artist.
No more comments
tell me about trump!
Read my upcoming events ?
play lady gaga starting with poker face
Play Ella Fitzgerals Get Happy
check and confirm details please.
Book a train ticket to...
yeah you have gotten command perfectly.
What's the stock price of (insert)
i like you just cancel it.
what you have said is not clear to me.
By 10 to 11 am daily start my vacuum cleaner.
Can you play the next podcast
what is the minimum temperature of london
can you start over.
Ok Google, tweet McDonald's down Reseda has terrible service.
When does the train leave Penn Station?
will you write an email to Chelsea for me
Display stock price for Lexmark International.
that does not matter to me.
olly that is all, just cancel.
Do I have an appointment on x day?
Who is the current President of United States
Define speaker.
20 questions. You start.
Do I have a date on Friday?
Pull up my party palylist.
what's the weather in Napels
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
Tweet to Google costumer service, My new Nexus phone stop working. Help please
Play Soundcloud
check for new email
Will Sting be in Tampa Florida soon
i want to meet with sara tomorrow alexa
olly could you just cancel it please.
Report weather for 33774.
have no idea, olly.
What is the definition of precocious?
find local shops
What is inflation and explain it's relationship with the economy?
it was wonderful, thank you very much.
tell comcast I am still on hold
What's a description of a virtual reality headset?
Please make me nice coffee
PLEASE TELL ME TO TAKE MY UMBERALA BECAUSE IT WILL BE VERY HOT TODAY.
Remind me to go to my meeting tomorrow
What would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner?
couldn't understand your answers.
turn the lights higher
hmm, you did not get what i wanted.
Switch on the radio
thanks but i think that is not the correct response.
Please read my facebook feed.
Give me the latest on Donald Trump.
I want to know the timings of trains going to Delhi.
I wish to go for cheap shopping, is there any $1 shop nearby?
play games
s1, please will you clarify more on your answers.
will you speak it once again.
improve volume clarity
Start a choice game
start play road rash
Play my rock playlist.
please try what you've just said again.
what are the train times to Chicago for today
thanks for the response.
were any new emails received
change the time
list upcoming pop albums
Tell me about Sean Connery
Check to see if I have new emails please.
thanks but you had it not right.
What is the name of Britain's prime minister?
sound cloud
brad pitt
yes it's excellent.
play (program) on xmtune please
Is there any rains predicted for Bangalore today
Ok Google, what happened to Katy Perry?
tell me the time in Canberra
show me the highest weather this week
hmm, i did not ask for it.
Order 1 coffee from nearest coffee shop
Will you send the email to Greg?
i need to hear your sentence again.
appreciated, that's nice.
Have I received any emails in the last ten minutes?
please would you shut down.
i am sorry but i think you have gotten me wrongly.
Olly how long should I boil the egg
have no idea for what to do, olly.
Delete the To Do list on March 18, 2017.
Hi there,Congratulate me I got a promoted in my job at office
What was the last email from work
What is the shallowest piece of land
Where will the event be held?
Raise speaker volume
Order a meal from a nice restaurant
What time does my next meeting start?
please confirm it.
Answer with...
How much is one dollar US in Canadian?
give details of rock sand
Will I need to carry around a brolly today?
How far is it from Tokyo to Dallas?
What is the square root of 42?
Set an alarm for 9 AM.
Find an Uber that can get me to the airport now.
Change the opacity of the color
What is the weather in Paris?
correct last action.
Do I have any emails from hongbin.
can you give me the train times to NYC
play my latest podcast
Will I need a jacket today?
I don't want to take any more calls after 5pm
Call Domino's Pizza
event remove
that doesn't really matter with me.
find apple on list and remove
Where is my meeting?
rephrase further on your words please.
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
broadcast a video in youtube
Play for me radio 93.3 fm
Should I bring an umbrella for work today?
How has your day been today?
nope, you did a task in wrong manner.
oh no, you've done a task in wrong manner.
Please, clean my calendar
put the song sung by shreya at the top
Ok Google! Lower all volume on speakers please
What time is (event) starting?
Open tic tac toe
List and play all songs by given artist.
Move this song to up next
How much is 2000 yen in USD
Delete all events and information.
add to list
shit, it is not what i was searching for.
Show me politics news from today.
check my car is ready
reminders for card payments
Do I need to do anything today?
alexa when will mankind reach the singularity?
disable my 3PM alarm
Is there a train coming this afternoon in Dallas?
My day was busy
it must be a mistake.
Remind me to contact old friends that I have not talked with in 6 months before they pass
start music in playlist
I do not like these colours in the house
What time is it in Pacific Standard Time?
Define what's a goalkeeper
I like classic rock
olly call an uber now
What is the latest on Donald Trump
show stock price of goog
I need some ambiance, please.
can you help
Can you pull up the Dave Ramsey podcast that aired on Monday.
Don't let me forget to buy a gift for my sister.
tell me speed to go sun
Take lunch meeting off my calendar.
once again explain it to me.
Remove aniversary event from my calendar
will you rephrase me about your answer further please.
Any funny jokes?
set an alarm
i think you did that incorrectly.
stop and try again.
Do I have a sales meeting today?
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
s2, do not get the last sentence.
could you tell me the time in london
What is the coldest country on earth
got your understanding right.
Check recent emails and tell me their senders and subjects.
it will be good if you yellowish the light.
Who is going to win the next elections in the France?
where is mt everest located
add event in calendar and mention others
OK Google, I need to hear sound on my speakers.
confirm what just said please.
remove the bank transction list
What are lady gagas most popular songs
What is the square root of 9?
Please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
try again please.
can i pass the bypass road at current traffic?
Add coffee to the grocery list
Turn my lights to some random color.
Show me all scheduled alarms
Please add a 4 p.m. appointment for every Tuesday.
Play adele hello
What is the weather for the next 7 days?
Bedroom lights off now.
Start This Week For Dinner podcast.
Alexa play pandora 90's dance party
Do you want to hear what have happened today?
set alarm at 6:30 a.m
clarify me about what you've just said once again please.
Turn on Vacuum cleaner
Olly mark 1st january as new year event for every day
Can you save this, 'what a nice song', for me?
play the the sweet song on radio
Please put all the lights
show me the weather forecast for this week
Will I need sunscreen this afternoon?
Tell me how many inches of snow did New York City get today?
How is it outside?
Please Play Aretha Franklin's Call Me next.
Don't forget to remind me of my brother's birthday on April 20.
Are there more than two doctor's appointments in my calendar?
Order a takeaway
I want you to schedule a meeting with Bryce, Jessie, and Carol for tomorrow at 9 am.
What is the time over in Florida?
IT IS VERY HOT TODAY, IS NOT IT ?
remove my 8 pm alarm and set it to 7 pm
reply to name
please elaborate that once again.
stock price
olly's command is incorrect.
Play me some melody song
i did not quite catch up with you.
Can you delete the next calendar event for which I was invited.
s it going to be hot tomorrow
Play the next episode of Drunks and Dragons, please.
i want to hear the phrase said again.
do not really care, olly.
What is on my playlist of movies on the the DVR?
ABOUT REALITY IN WORLD
can you recommend any pub in m.g road
yes strongly agree.
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
again please.
Olly, search for exchannge rates for US and Italy
What's the time in New york?
What road is longest?
Tell me about the federal budget
Please turn on one of the preprogrammed stations.
Play the song Get happy by Ella Fitzgeral
calendar erase all
please let me hear 666 the number of the beast
Resume Inkheart
i would like you to check and confirm the details please.
Please play my best music
What is my most played song?
I have to attend a baking contest on Wednesday morning at 7. Save and set reminder.
Hey, when is the next local from Mumbai to Pune?
Post to Facebook: I'm hungry
What events are on this month's schedule?
Tell me about the vote on healthcare
PDA can you schedule me for a hair cut on April 1st in Saskatoon.
What does the clock say?
Update me on Washington Post
Change over to NPR on my radio.
please can you confirm my last question.
Are there are any delays on my commute?
it's cool, thanks.
Open my email account and check for new mail.
Play kiss from a rose PDA.
uhh no, you gave me not right information.
where do you live?
Alexa, remove the event from Monday.
Define framework
I had a problem with my burger can you tweet BK
I am unavailable from 4 to 6 in the evening tomorrow. Mark my calendar.
link 'john@gmail.com' to 'john' in contacts
How to make fried rice?
Stop powering the wemo socket.
program y at radio x
please rephrase me more on what you have just said.
Would you own a dog if you were able to?
No body knows
Give me up-to-date on sports news
directions to mcdo?
Do I have anything booked for tomorrow?
will you shut down please.
Turn of lobby light
What does durian taste like?
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
Message my mother-in-law to book the reservations before friday or they will expire
s1, please again elaborate me about your answer.
Find me a recipe of spaghetti
<unk>
Please empty my calendar.
Can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in West Philadelphia?
i need to mute the speaker
Please mute the speakers
change my room lights to blue.
yes your understanding was perfect.
what is the weather forecast?
I need the most recent stories from Yahoo! News.
can you turn my bathroom lights off
Play hip hop music please.
how can I learn cooking?
that's useful, appreciated.
Weather forecast please.
you did excellent job, thank you so much.
Pink nobody knows
PDA, what are the latest updates with regard to Trump's ties to Russia
Delete that item from the list
set a notification on 3rd march about company meeting
please remove the name starts with A
Will there be rain tomorrow in (My Location) ?
Do I have new likes?
When defining words give thesaurus and use in a setence to make it clearer.
What is the last day of the month?
Who is the singer of Hotel California?
activate the roomba
How much is a train ticket to Denver from here?
Alexa what are todays country hits
Remove 6 a. m. alarm of whole week for future.
explain me further on your response please.
tell me distance between sun and moon
Do I have any appointments tomorrow?
Shut off my living room plug socket.
Thumbs up this song
Play this podcast
search for information on internet
you've done that correctly appreciated.
Olly, anything interesting going on in the Bay Area?
Will the restaurant deliver the order ?
Exchange rate between dollar and Mexican peso
remove chat with Allan
How is lasagne made
I like top 20 music.
How many times has Adel gone diamond?
s2, i was unclear about your words.
will you speak it again please.
will you try again please.
Add event to calendar app
go to calendar and delete an third event of 27/03/2017
directions to sainsburys.
bed room 2 switch off the lights.
what was that.
Please send Mom and Dad an email asking how they are.
could you explain me about the last sentence again please.
Play MF Doom, anything.
Turn off the tv in room3
Set this before event
Remove the list please
Deleting calendar events
What is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros?
Clear my entire calendar
Create calendar info for albert's marriage
Set the volume to low.
Turn it to frequency 99.7
Is calendar event false?
Solve this equation: 1+ 1.
What is the title of the song that is playing?
i would like you to check and confirm question please.
PDA turn wemo plug socket off
Play some pop music.
If there were 10 easy steps to make myself rich what would they be?
post in pinterest about my new chicken recipe
Do I have a new email from Eric?
Tell me my schedule for later this afternoon.
Please Delete all meetings of today after 7 P.M.
Olly, where is the closest bar
Decrease volume to very soft
What genre is this song currently playing?
I need to know what time it is right now in New york city.
Alexa, create an email to mom and ask about this week's weather.
Change the light colour to green
I need a reminder to call my mom at 3pm.
I want to mute the speaker
Automatically enter me into every free sweepstake for which I am eligble for around the globe at all times. Prioritize those with cash prizes.
you did nice job, thank you.
try what you've just said one more time again please.
Find all the contacts named John.
Hey olly play my favourite podcast from list
Call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
when was this song released
yeap you've done that right.
Start from last time on my audio book
Post that I am going to Woodland shoe store
nope, you gave me wrong information.
Olly, get me an Uber please.
show my meeting
How hours distance is between my location and New York?
get that right.
What spices are in Indian food?
what do you mean by that.
THIS IS IMPORTANT EVENT, PLZ NOTE ON MY CALENDAR.
retry what said please.
How is my commute?
Wake me up at time
Show me the news.
I need the volume to be quieter
Recommend songs based on my playlist?
Its dark in here, mind turning up the light intensity?
Assistant, please turn the lights off
Tweet this: Sick today.
Explain Photosynthesis
sorry but i think that's not the right answer.
What time is my appointment tomorrow?
Check my inbox for new emails.
What's new in facebook
brighten up the lighting
yes you've gotten my instructions exactly.
I need to ask you: how many angels can dance on a pinhead?
I like to listen to Jazz
vacuum on
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
oops, i think you do not understand me.
Play Jazz music
Turn the wemo off.
can you play m3 file
shit, that's not what i was looking for.
please delete my morning alarm
you are not correct.
Olly what's on my to-do list for today?
Remove my shopping list
PDA what do I have on my shopping list?
Change the lights in my home to green.
What is the definition of mutual?
Can you tell me the total number of Oceans in the world?
Olly, Cancel my plans to pick up my parents from the airport.
i would not mind for whatever, olly.
What is the weather going to be like today in Tucson?
How may jokes do you know?
Play all albums by Bad Religion
Who sent this email ?
i want to hear the command spoken again.
Take me to T.Nagar
play me this years top 10 ten K-Pop songs
Remove the next event on my calender
Just let me know new emails from Sara
s2, i can't catch up with you.
yeah you have done your understanding right.
can u tell me the contact information of jo
it's useful,, olly.
sunday
yeap that's right.
please read new emails
I need to buy gas
Is the weather going to be nice this weekend?
Get louder
Mute yourself until I say otherwise
Read me sports news from NYT
Can you start the coffee?
put on the radio.
do I have any new emails on my inbox?
Email work team this week's schedule.
Is traffic to work clear?
maximum kilometer to delivery
will you please clarify me about this further.
email naty for her birthday
Show me the alarms that are set.
once more please.
What am I doing this week?
i need the details about my next schedule
Read me new headlines
Should I bring a jacket with me tonight?
i do not really bother.
please post this message to my Facebook page
Turn the volume up
news for today?
Please tweet a complaint to Comcast for bad customer service.
olly that is enough, cancel it.
when the event start
How do I prepare all my food for cooking?
fantastic work, you've done well.
i can not quite catch up with you.
do not mind to choose any one.
Can you contact Samsung and say my washer is on fire?
I do not  want to use the socket anymore
it doesn't really matter, olly.
search on his informations
can you tell me one more again.
nope, i didn't say it.
Book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
PDA please mark my calendar for a holiday in Cuba on April 2.
it's wonderful, thank you very much.
Will you send an email to this new email address?
i am sorry but i think that is not correct.
Play list of music from avatar
PDA please set a meeting to discuss terrorism with Fred on the next available meeting day.
when did this song come out
inform about best circus near me
Give me best cooking ideas
Do I have any new E-mail?
pleas replay to the mail of Allen
what is the current time in chennai
New calendar entry, meeting
Can you update my facebook profile picture to the image I took from Google office yesterday?
i want to book Rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to Ahmadabad
find the exact location of the places
may i know the about alarm you set
fantastic job, you did well, olly.
Lights off in the guestroom.
I want a train ticket to <city>
I need a nap
Can the lights be turned up?
show unread
Is the 22nd on a Wednesday?
What is the boiling point of water?
Will the snow stop before 7 am tomorrow?
please further clarify me about what you've said.
please can you confirm the question.
What events do I have remaining today?
What is the purpose of using you instead of searching on my own?
Which song am I listening to right now?
Turns my son's room lights off.
Play the last album on a loop
Tweet Freedom Pop customer service I am disatisfied.
Will the tempature be in the 80's today
Alexa, what's the news for today?
Is it going to rain this week?
I had a lot of fun today.
PLAY THE PROGRAMES IN THIS REQURIED PDA'S
How much time to cook pasta?
Send an email to all my co workers
PDA please remove this event from my calendar
yes great response to command.
thanks but you don't instruction the request correctly.
PDA, how do you use an oven
Power off please
get info
it is cloudy today.
calculate ____
raise the lights
olly shut off please.
next song
How tall is a giraffe?
Has **** sent me any emails?
What's the weather this week?
Olly, tell how vegetable is cooked
Is there anything new on Snapchat?
dim the lights a bit
what is the current eastern time
once again explain me on that please.
what time is it in someplace when it's sometime in otherplace?
would you try again please.
Lets play checkers
I want reggae.
oh it's excellent.
Let me know what's accumulated in my inbox since 3pm.
Show me the current time.
Please put on my favorite rap music playlist.
how old is jennifer garner
Remove the alarm set for 4:00 am.
send John Smith and email.
yes get your understanding right.
What is 10 AM in Eastern time?
Play next episode of Con Man.
let us try what i have said one more time again please.
this must be mistake.
Please play radio
you have done it right thanks, olly.
change light colour to yellow
Play a song from my favorites.
Who emailed me recently and what did they email about?
find me some talk back radio
I need to know the time right now, what is it?
Please play the notebook audio
What time is Friday's Doctor's Appointment?
i think you are wrong.
Don't make any sounds
Olly, list all the nearby shops
Hello,book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
Brighten the lights please
Let me know of the meeting on Tuesday
Tweet Amazon about my package never arriving on time.
please let us try what i've said one more time again.
can you book a train ticket for me under $100
What is the exchange rate for pounds and USD?
Will it rain on the 22nd?
Tell me the top stories in the news.
Meeting with Joanne in 10 minutes in the conference room
yeap get that right.
OK Google, unmute my sound.
s2, could not get your answers.
What time is my doctor appointment this week?
you've understood my instructions exactly.
This is one of the best songs for me
Alert me at 2:30.
send to 'john@gmail.com' a message 'happy new year'
Disable music player.
During the timeframe of February 1 and March 16, what meetings occurred
i think you didn't understand me.
open the list
i do not really mind.
please turn on radio on 7 AM
What's a good joke?
Remind me of the following event:
Play for me the Game Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
The capital of Nigeria is what?
Is there is a High traffic?
ah it's amazing work.
Remove everything from the calendar
UEFA European Championship
IT IS HOT TODAY, IS NOT IT ?
Add Bubbles birthday to March 15
Make this email a new contact.
email XXXXX@gmail.com add to email contacts
Remind me tomorrow at 2 pm.
bring up my agenda
confirm the command.
Let me know if anything new shows up about this
great job, you did well.
open my list
If you had to kill someone to save 3 people would you do it and if so why?
Make all the lights in the house orange
What's a parsec?
yeap get the command perfectly.
Brighten living room lights
Play Duncan Trussel's latest podcast.
answer this mail.
PDA, What's the schedule for this date?
Describe the list contents
i would like you to check instruction please.
Hi, I want to order fried chick with white sauce
can it takeaway from ammi biryani.
please would you elaborate me further on your words.
Lyrics
PDA what's today's date?
Olly, I'll be seeing my therapist every Thursday at two PM.
near by super market
What's the address for Alex
Add Event on Ausgut 21 at 9am
please say it once again.
I need a high volume
Play song Everytime I see you
Save new email addresses to my contacts.
PDA, how do I set the timer on my coffee machine?
Is it raining?
Are we expecting rain Thursday?
Olly you have to check out Kfix he's the best
Open twitter type my complaint and post to @consumer service
Are there any events going on in Milan?
olly will you shut up please.
alexa add monas wedding even to my calendar for tuesday
Change volume to 35 percent.
Tell taxi to pick me up at 4pm.
show future events
Remove Soccer list from notes
I want to hear the radio Olly.
Uae time
Was this song in the top 20?
Please delete all the events from my calendar.
Please delete the list Gift Ideas For My Wife and play me some sad music.
The radio should play only on 99.9 FM.
it's perfect work, thank you so much.
Is it monday today?
whats was the value of x if x+2 = 5
PDA please compose email to...
erase my appointment with ted
Get with new one.
Read most recent reminder
Give me the recipe for cooking Briyani
spot
What is the exchange between dollar and British pound
Olly set a lunch date for next Tuesday at noon with Sarah at Black Angus.
that's good.
Mute the living room speakers
Is Deborah's 54th birthday on September 26, 2017?
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep.
show timings
Read me today's news from Polk County, Florida.
could you tell me it once again please.
hey siri play the radio
set a reminder for 12:30:  Meeting with the boss
ADD MILK TO MY SHOPPING LIST
How old is Adele?
Do I have any new messages in twitter, Instagram, or Facebook?
Get me a car
sent complaint to tweeter @
you've done that correctly thanks.
you are hero, appreciated.
have no idea.
that is enough, stop it.
Can you please add an item to my grocery list?
can you book me a taxi?
Find a recipe for German chocolate cake.
Delete next calendar event
could not understand that.
What happened to Charlie Chaplin?
do not understand what you just said.
it is of no importance for me.
Has John replied to my Facebook post?
When is the next Friday the 13th?
remind me in 50minutes
can i get the definition to ambulance
please speak that one more again.
Tell me upcoming event's
clear my day olly from meetings
How far did I walk this morning?
What lists are in my notebook?
Alexa, play more music like that.
What are the latest tweets on my Twitter account
would you further clarify the last sentence.
i think you didn't get me.
i didn't get your response.
get it correcly.
turn the radio on
PDA can you set up a meeting with me.
Am I scheduled to do anything on x day?
What is the weather going to be this weekend?
Please remove the KICKBALL list from my contacts grouping.
Play Thinking Out Loud next
What time does the next train leave to Paris?
Start the audiobook file for where I left off in A Tale of Two Cities.
refresh this complaint.
can you rephrase me further on that.
Set a repeating reminder alarm for the Facebook event I have to attend on 7th April.
Give me my reminders for this week?
Set a event for the evening
yeah perfect response.
its sunny today?
what is the square root of 34?
what day is the 22nd of May?
What are the events taking place in New york today
Rahul contact
what is my recent email activity?
I need a reminder alarm at 1:00p.
robot via Bluetooth-enabled devices
it's helpful, musch appreciated.
What is 23 times 52?
Any new mail from jack
I need to send an email to Laura.
Can you tell me what the time is right now?
Give me the opening stock price of Sony
you've done it right.
Let's go through all pending reminders.
you did great work,.
Turn off the bathroom light
Continue pride and Prejudice.
There was heavy traffic on my way home
What day is the 20th this month?
Include this item.
yeah you understood my instructions exactly.
Start a new email to George Brown
Remove all the events on my calendar
it was amazing, olly.
Are there any takeaways around here?
I want to listen to up beat music.
any one will be good to me, olly.
I like Jazz
Please Check all new email of Income Tax Department.
what would be a good romantic dinner?
tell me the last once again please.
Tell me the weather for New Brighton, PA?
What music service has some soul music I can listen to?
Please tell me the main points of my 2:00 meeting from this afternoon.
get it right.
Next Episode
alexa pontificate definition.
I need a recipe for spaghetti
Tell me about this week's weather.
For what is famous Ellen Degeneres?
nope, incorrect command.
stop wake-up calls for this week
What is the email address for Tessa?
please play me a song from my fevorate list
Book me a taxi to the Mall of America please
Tweet complaint at Verizon.
it's cool, thank you.
Is my meeting with Bob tomorrow at 3:00PM?
no that's not what i said.
yeah you've got my instructions correcly.
wouldn't bother.
How long is the walk from Nyack to Valley cottage
Any new emails?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
What is the time in Beijing
Let national grid know the power is out again.
What does the list contain
Register an event or a ticket
Please let me know the morning alarm time for Weekdays
do we have 31st day on this month?
Hey Olly, turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at 10 am.
show the playlist
i am sorry but i think you've gottten it not right.
Remind me of Sarah's birthday three days ahead of time.
Whats the news on bbc news
Did you change the wallpaper?
Set the alarm for 9am on weekends.
that is enough.
ticket for delhi
how wet is going to be this morning?
Play the latest episode of Little Steven's Underground Garage.
can you confirm the last thing i said.
speak once more.
tlemcen weather
Reset the alarm.
Headline news for Texas
Search cost for Amtrak Luxury to Los Angeles
Temp Oregon
Ok Google, where is the hottest place on earth
Play the newest morning show podcast.
Is it going to rain on my birthday?
What are the latest crime statistics for my area
I want to listen to the radio
Set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
when is the next boston redsox game
you've done it correctly i appreciate it.
Play electronic dance music after this one
let's try what said one more again please.
explain what GDP means
open the country favorites playlist and play it on shuffle
What does the word labyrinth mean?
do i need umbrella for night
When is the last train today?
Erase all events on the calendar.
Weather forcast
When does the train from Kansas City to Iowa leave?
that's all, stop it.
Hey Ms the email address of John Miller.
tune in some music
list local ongoing exhibitions
Do I have any appointments tomorrow afternoon.
Notify me when I have a meeting.
Go forward one episode.
could you confirm the question please.
be mute
Help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies.
thanks but that's not the right command.
could you check that please.
What is the the Times headline?
i am not clear about your answer.
May I know what is there on the list
What is johncena
add an item to the list
will you cancel it.
did you get what i last said correctly?
Play my best song
Please check the news on social media
i took my truck to the shop
lindafancy55@gmail.com
Whats on my calendar today
that's wonderful, musch appreciated.
When Einstein Died?
hmm, i think wrong.
Is Mary's birthday party tonight?
Switch the smart plug socket.
what is the weather right now
cut red peppers from groceries
send an email to my supervisor
Put a record on
Please check my inbox for any new emails in last 20 minutes.
Clear every single event from my entire calendar.
look for free time
Has Robert sent any new emails to me?
inbox this mail.
7 YEARS
Please set my alarm.
Remind me to ask an important question to my boss
What's been going on?
it's not the correct response.
Today was a very hectic day
Is my calender free for 4pm today
PDA, how many calories did I burn with my 50 minutes of yoga?
play me all jazz music
well done,.
you did good job,, olly.
what new emails do I have form Amie.
olly's command failed.
send email to my uncle about situation of current weather.
i'd like to hear what you've said again.
I want to hear some radio pop, please.
Alexa is there any stopped traffic on 80 today?
Brighten the lights on the front porch
empty calendar for this week
oops, i think you have me incorrect.
Pay for train ticket
Bring up the latest headlines from Huffpo.
How are you today
i would like to hear what i said again.
Let's play some pong
rate usd gbp
What is the defination of textual
can you tell me the time at san francisco
Is it a soft evening tonight?
Hello Google, Play Baby One More Time.
s1, can you explain me more on your answer.
Play a program about crime in Dallas area
that was useful,.
i like you to check that please.
give me news on president trump
Alexa, please save the current song to favorites.
Please create a new tweet
check for hot news in times of india.
What is John Smith's home phone number
Switch off the smart plug socket now
PLEASE BOOK A TAXI FOR ME TO GO TO THE RAILWAY STATION.
what's date today
Play famosa radio for me
dammit, you gave me not right information.
Download and save song of Dangal Movie
reminde me while am free
Play favourite music
i think you've done task in wrong manner.
hmm, i think you did task in wrong manner.
does not matter, olly.
will you tell me one more again please.
join this
I would like to listen to this programme on radio
you are awesome, appreciated, olly.
Please stop for a bit.
what's the date?
i am sorry but i think this was not the right command.
Remove all my calendar events
Find a non-stop train to Seattle
Where do people shop for clothes here?
Check with news to see anything new on Trump.
What's the time difference between here and queensland?
Initialize the robot vacuum.
yes you got that exactly.
Show me the best recipe for spaghetti
What's the exchange between USD and CAD?
do i have an alarm set for today
Is 21st of the week is Saturday?
could you clarify me on this once again please.
Play me the most popular podcast on iTunes.
find map
PDA add Sally's Birthday to Calander for Saturday at 10pm
Delete the shopping list
hey Olly, it was pretty much hectic day today.
What is the best meatball recipe?
How often does the train arrive and depart from Penn Station?
What is 3 times 7
s1, further rephrase me on last sentence please.
can you start over please.
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
will you once again clarify to me please.
What part of the world is the safest
Open podcasts and play my favorites list.
any updates from Donald Trump's  tweet feed?
After this song please play this song
find the beginning of the podcast
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at 7 today
Pull up the headlines please
Please play song x
Forward a complaint to Aircel for network related issues
Is it 2nd Saturday on 12th.
Who and why is on at the theater tonight?
Next play Atomsphere.
don't really mind for whatever, olly.
what a sunny day.
please create an event with only these people
you rock, thank you very much.
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
What are the prices to get to Chicago on a train? Book the cheapest one.
What lists do I have queried?
Overall day
Does John's pizza have takeaway
Give the Definition of Motivation
My daily schedule
Tell Sean I appreciate him reaching out to me.
go to the list and remove item
punjabi
i need to hear your last things again.
How long to cats usually live?
i'd like you cancel it.
song next please
Get me some music
would not really care, olly.
will you stop please.
show me my list
Love
go forward please
write email to my company mate to submit the task tomorrow.
Name all lists
current date please
Provide valid references with information to help people understand critical thinking and giving credit where credit is due rather than perpetuate fake news and alternative facts
Play the song @
cancel wake-up calls for this week
Tell the latest news about the trump
start the vacuum at 9am.
What is the current temperature in Austin, TX?
Please reschedule the meeting to 6 pm tomorrow and inform members.
Turn off the nearest light to me
delete
Remind me that I like that song.
remind me at 13:00
please can you check and confirm the details.
Hey, call the nearest Chinese restaurant for a takeaway
Set a reminder to x thing every x days.
Show me what alarm times I've set for the week.
a cup of coffee please
Tell me about new emails.
easy meals
add this person's email
Can you clear the next event?
How much is one serving of broccoli?
Is there any traffic downtown right now?
Show latest news about migration
MORE STOCK PRICE
Tweet @mcdonalds your food sucks #nastyburger
Let me know today's date in American format?
what is the weather in Beijing
Give me the exchange rate for the US dollar and the Euro.
Play R&B music
Please delete my meeting with Sam tomorrow.
Start vacuum bot.
Iphone 7 descritpion
Sports
date with Love the next day
Does my calendar say I'm free on April 1, 2017?
no, it is not what i just requested.
i couldn't quite catch that.
search schedules for this week
Do I have any events set?
Will it rain on August 15th?
email _____
Show me my reminders.
What is eighty seven minus fourteen?
start playing fm 109
olly can you please shut down.
Please open grocery list and add bananas to list.
i couldn't get what you've said.
whatever is ok to me.
train schedule for today
what time is the alarm set for tomorrow?
Julie's information
Please repeat the last sentence from that book.
Play CD led Zeppelin houses of the holy
How do I make 'meal'
What is the temperature today
PDA please play this game
remove my grocery list
WIll you play checkers with me?
could you check and confirm the detail please.
hello
call the customer cell through email
What are you doing PDA?
shit, i think incorrect.
Turn off wemo
What time does the train leave for chicago?
Is Gus's a take out place?
Can you turn up your volume?
Olly, email Alice to let her know we are on the way,
Olly, find me an audio book version of Ready Player One and play it for me
say one more again.
play lite music in 106.7
What were the cities affected by the earthquake?
pls create a new contact information about jo
I would like my PDA to Feed and Pet my dog when I'm not home
What time is it in Dallas?
Can you book a train ticket for my father?
directions
Mute the settings
add a party tonight in my remainder
i would not really mind.
Who invented you?
Did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar?
Olly show unread new emails.
yeah it's confirmed.
send email to family saying I love you all
Anything i need to know?
Start X on X radio.
olly, I am taking day off tomorrow
alarm time for 12pm
clarify further on that to me please.
olly that's all.
What is 24 times 6?
Please could you tell me if George's Geek restaurant, can I order takeaway from there?
What are the steps for biriyani meal
alexa update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail.com
name list
shit, you gave me incorrect information.
Please scan the AM dial on the radio right now.
set an alarm for seven thirty a.m.
what rihana is doing
Add Lee's birthday to the calendar on 22 June.
Add Joe Smith to my calendar for today at 1pm
On all the button on dashboard
PDA, does that restaurant allow call-in orders?
When does the last train from work leave
can i have cup of coffee
Calendar event. send invite, Bill Malinda
What time is it in London now?
How much does 1 euro cost in rupees.
post in tweeter my vist to japan
i do not get what you just said now.
Book a train ticket from Los Angeles to Chicago that goes via Miami
Type an email for me please.
Recipe for 'meal'
Schedule meeting on
start a new list
Are there any latest news?
Add to the list
tell me if the following is true about the weather:
you've done your understanding right.
Provide me whith the news about Iphone
Create an email for my co worker with my recently saved documents.
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
Olly, trending social media?
when was <unk> born
stop, you didn't instruction the request right.
please will you check that.
put alarm at 5 AM
remove 'pencil' from stationary
Select the Information on the contact
How many people live in Takjistan?
s1, will you elaborate me about that once again.
What is going on with Obamacare?
i'd like to hear what said again.
that was helpful, musch appreciated.
Alarm if any new reply from the boss
Open pandora and play top 40's hits
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
Change the station to 82.4
Turn the kitchen lights off.
Please remind me about this tomorrow
yes that's great.
How many rivers are there in the world?
Find a good recipe for steak.
Help me make brownies.
Start Sirius XM radio channel
it was wonderful.
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
please can you confirm my last command.
yeap you have understood it correcly.
What are the hours from CVS?
It is 9:00 here. What time is it in California?
What spice do I use in Indian rice?
Please pull up the wikipedia article on glass blowing
I had a great day today.
will there be ash in the sky in LA today
How many things do I have planned tonight?
Forward to 4:20
Alexa, please play the song Over the rainbow
transcribe email <unk>
wait, you do not understand me.
can you please confirm detail.
any one would be fine to me.
I have multiple meeting today, remind in 30 minutes interval before the start of each meeting.
Please turn off the porch light
by get marks
prepare coffee
tell me what the square root of 45,643,245,235,563.87 is
Please select the first song in my iTunes library.
no, i think you have done a task all wrong.
Please play Games by Disturbed
ensure I wants to listen to this programe on radio
yeap exactly.
Make me coffee now
Remind me to start supper this afternoon at 5:00
Activate a 1 week notification before my anniversary please.
What does a sea lion look like?
what is the current stock price of....
PDA, Set an alarm for...
Add a movie name to the wish list
it is useful, thank you.
Send me a reminder for my meeting tonight
I have new email.
tell me that once again.
I would like a wake up alarm at 7:00 am tomorrow.
Convert New York Time to London
Set me a meeting next Tuesday at 11am with Jesse.
check if default alarm is set
have you made a mistake.
What's my latest email
give me today's market trends for <unk>
i'd like you confirm the question please.
Olly, Where can I got to grab some drinks in west chester
what did you mean by saying that.
How would I use formidable in a sentence?
What is the traffic this morning?
anything will be okay for me.
ah that was good one.
could you say that one more time please.
mileage of BMW cars
Tweet @applebee my chicken was raw #foodpoisoning
More lights please
yeah exact response to the command.
Did Sara tried to call me?
will you tell me that one more again.
order ribs for dinner
what's the best pizza shop nearby
sorry but that's not the correct response.
please confirm my last instruction.
Check emails from Cassie about Tom.
s1, will you please again elaborate.
What does formidable mean?
Please describe the new Harley davidson street bike
play old fashioned christmas music
Is it going to freeze overnight?
PDA: What is today?
What's my schedule today?
Buy a train ticket for one week from now from New York, New York to Las Vegas Nevada
It is cold out today, Olly.
please further rephrase to me.
Olly I went to Walmart today
nope, i think you have done a task in wrong manner.
repeat song
tweet @company
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
resume series podcast
whats the weather like
I'm going to sleep now
10 day forecast
thanks but it was not the right answer.
I need to have location services on, can you check?
Siri, cancel all soccer practice alarms
are you there
Alexa, which is the smallest island in the world?
wats up
i would not mind for any one, olly.
Do I have any appointments coming up?
I need to know the highest mountain in the world
Do I need a raincoat day after?
ibset a ararl can you turn it off?
that is great one.
Show me all my commands.
Where is Kilamanjaro?
Anything new on social media?
you did a mistake, please check that.
will it be warm
Have I received any work emails from Jeff?
does not really matter.
How long will it take me to get to Park Avenue considering current traffic?
what happens on the Fourth of July
Olly, tell me where Steve Jobs was born.
are there any recent emails from rohit?
Have I received any emails from Beth?
Book a train ticket to Canada this evening
What time will the soccer match be tonight?
Clap on!
yeah perfect response to command.
thanks but i think that's not the correct answer.
will you speak once again please.
I need the recipe for...
olly could you please shut up.
PDA do I have any reminders set
Olly, Whats the stock price of apple?
Google stock symbol
could you please rephrase me further on your answers.
let's try what you have just said one more time please.
Look for train tickets to <city> tomorrow
Remind me of my meeting on Wednesday at 9 am.
shut off please.
Video Games
set event in calandar.  repeat event every day
How will be the Forex business today
please retweet this post on twitter
play bob dylan playlist
how the weather today
Restaurant order status
How tall is channin Tatum?
add a meeting with my mother for next sunday
s1, explain me more on your answer please.
are there any train times for...
your answers was not clear to me.
Respond to jack quickly
When do I need to pay the bills?
Remove this list from the others
really i would not mind.
olly i want you cancel.
update latest news
How was your day?
whats the currency exchange rate for china
Could you tell me more about XXX?
could you check last thing i said please.
Olly I need to remember to get to the shops before they close
i wouldn't mind to choose any one.
alexa should i wear sunscreen today?
Please remove milk from my grocery list as I already bought one today.
turn down volume
Play a Nirvana playlist
excellent response to command.
Olly set a reminder for dinner at 6PM on wednesday at Bonefish Grill.
yes command is excellent.
can you tell me current time?
Let me know when three hours have passed.
that wasn't it.
i like you check question please.
How many Euros are in a Dollar?
Why do people use Avocado seeds?
start song x
send email to manoj vyas
What is the date for next Tuesday?
change my room lights to some romantic colour.
you rock, thanks.
Open new emails
on 23rd feb rahul will come with me on india cricket match.
What is traffic to work now?
make a list for work
When was Justin Bieber born?
Who was the last person to email me ?
Did I tell you to remind me something?
perfect work, you've done well.
What is the definition of logic
i have no idea regarding to what to choose.
calc
Play me Barcelona by Queen
Please Google search my name and see what the results say.
Is there heavy traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas right now?
fantastic work, you did well.
get me a stock price of audi.
Where is it?
PLEASE TELL ME WHEN I CAN BECOME RICH IF I INVESTED IN DOW STOCKS TODAY AND WHAT WILL BE THE RETURN AFTER 5 YEARS.
Create new list for baby names
reply
it was not the right answer.
PDA I love to rock out with my sock out.
olly i will talk to you later.
any one is fine with me.
this is unimportant for me, olly.
Olly.. Get me a coffee.
tell me about any new emails from my boss
play 987FM
Show me recently added events
Is Pink recording a new album?
How is the traffic from home to work
I'd like to know more about the scheduled event...
please send to new email address listed
currency conversion of USD and EUR
News around the city
i think you made some mistake, please check it.
Set the average of the device
PDA give me international news
what is current exchange rate of inr to usd
Please u don't speak in 8 to 10 P.M.
Please play the song XXX for me.
PDA change the color of the light.
yeah strongly agreed.
Find and queue all songs of Kate Perry and play all without shuffling.
is there a takeaway in __ restaurant
wonderful response to the command.
Echo play Best Friends by Yelawolf.
delete event
show the list
remove the old music list
State the definition of inflation and tell how it's important for any economy?
will you please check and confirm it.
do you serve for home delivery?
Tell me about this song.
Remind me to buy a gift once in morning and once in evening
Add every girl life by Evelyn Mayer to the must read list
play techno music
Hey Olly I like music by Sigur Ros
Please find a mail address of Manoj and tell me.
no, i did not say it.
check and confirm my last question.
Who was the first president of United States
What is the stock price of IBM?
Olly, what does 'snafu' mean?
Anything interesting in the news today?
PDA name: make an alarm for 5pm on tuesday
Define keyboard
set reminder for 4pm tomorrow
Show me today all train times of next 2 hours at Jodhpur to Jaisalmer.
What is this music called?
On the music player set the volume level at 60.
Please play my music
that's helpful, thanks, olly.
Find ingredients for chicken marsala
Delete x playlist
Play some old school rap.
remove all from calendar
i would not really care.
What's the exchange rate between CZK and euro?
FM 93.5 radio songs
tune song of ddlj movie.
Who are the greatest guitarists of all time?
I want to hear 80s Pop music
Recent Conroe news
I want to know what is this newsource reporting?
go back one episode
Do I have a meeting today?
what you are telling is no more applicable.
help me to understand why the seasons change
Olly, which new emails were recieved ?
Domino's delivery status.
Please set my alarm for 5pm.
Silently adjust
Tweet for me the complaint about disease prevention
What events near here are happening this week?
I hate this song. Please remember that so that I don't hear this song ever again.
change mountain standard to pacific
Increase volume to 50%
Please repeat this event.
I love the eternal voice of the singer, she is my favourite
Start poker game with me.
recipes
would you please check it.
New email, recipient Donna, do you have plans for today?
sorry but it was not the right response.
TDL
i think this is not correct.
Increase lights please
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
Have you come across any new recipes?
What time is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
What is the date and time?
How many top 10 tunes did Katy Perry have last year?
Olly, book me an uber, please.
exact response.
What does sanctimonious mean?
I need to know all of the e-mails from contact pertaining to subject.
reviews of the restaurants
What events are happening in Seattle this weekend?
Turn off my wemo plug socket.
near pizza shops
Set calendar info for albert's marriage
Switch to night light setting.
What happened in the world today?
Fill my calender with a meeting with Garvin and Trilly for December 5th  at 5:30 p.m.
Please set a monthly reminder for paying rent.
are there trump updates
Make some coffee.
Do I need to bring a coat out tonight?
Start playing jazz music.
the song makes me remember certain memories
please say one more time again.
tell me what was today's news from news provider
Olly set 21st april every year as dad's birthday
Do I have to do something later?
Show me recipes
Tell me the current time in Central time.
could you elaborate more on what you said to me please.
Can you read my list off to me?
Get me the latest on current events going on in the world.
Order a 12 piece honey mustard wing combo with seasonimg altnon the fries and a sprite as the drink.
Lights off in the kitchen, please.
Remind me at work to take a meeting with Dave on Friday.
create new contact with email
i don't think thats right.
How do you make vegetarian lasagna?
Add a meeting to my calendar for 9am with Tom.
Complain about Walmart service
Within the past 3 months how many meeting did I have with Mr. Richards
Remind me when the Giants are playing each week.
Get me some food!
flip the wemo on
When was born Abraham Lincoln?
please check what i just said.
you've got the answer perfectly.
Olly where can I go shopping in this area?
what do you mean by saying this.
Please positive tweet on Hp services.
Let's see whats around, PDA.
Can you create a new list in the playlist?
erase item from list
What is playing at AMC 20?
Email Ashwin Patel my best wishes and an attachment of work.pdf
Which country would end up converting the most money out of a thousand dollars US?
What to-do lists do I have?
Please send the email to my mom
what is....?
Hey PDA, what is the agenda for the date?
Hey PDA, Send email to...
send a mail to Alex asking about the due payment.
local show
definition of marketing
Play the Breakfast Club.
How long till the eventual heat death of the universe
Add event every second Friday of the month
Notify me when this meeting is close.
Order 1 burger
Set meeting witch jack on 10 march
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
Where can I find a good taco truck in LA?
save the information which is provided by aman on this song.
List me the audiobooks I have already listened to.
Play Hurt by Johnny Cash next.
I want to listen to ... podcast
Tweet a complaint to Amazon about late shipment
Hey, Do you have Home delivery?
PDA, delete that item from my list.
New calendar event for albert's marriage
what is the square root of 36
let us start over.
yeap it's good.
i am sorry but i think you did not interpret the request correctly.
how its come to us
thank you very much for reminding me of it.
PDA I had a bad day.
Show me the events in my work calender for next week.
i am sorry but i think this was not the right response.
Switch on the roomba.
how much in the clock?
could you rephrase me about this further please.
please resume current song of masti
Tweet consumer service that the quantity is wrong.
Start my favourite podcast
thanks but you have got it incorrect.
Turn my iroomba on.
post this to my facebook, 'lol'
Change light colors from blue to white.
remind me of my meeting at 5:00pm
Add new email address and send email
Could you create a new list for me
once more.
s1, would you please explain more on your words.
Can you play some Elvis for me?
Get me a radio station that plays classical music.
Remind me about the meeting tomorrow 1 hour before
please play the song 'joy to the world'
Can you send a tweet to Lifx saying that their app crashed?
Please start the coffee pot
Did i receive any e-mails from contact about subject?
thanks, olly.
you do not get what i wanted.
Remove chores from my to-do list
Olly what time is it in this city?
please remove event name
let me see my alarms PDA.
todays news
HOW MANY DAYS UNTIL MARCH 30?
Please make coffee at 7:00 AM
Olly, play netflix on my ps4.
what is the distance from my current location to downtown Toronto?
Current news CNN
Can I have my list
i'd like to hear the last spoken again.
Play 'What I Am' by Edie Brickel
10.02.17
I don't understand this question, but...  What's it like in there?
How is the traffic in San Francisco over the Bay Bridge?
s2, i am not so clear about what you have just said.
do you know math?
Tell me what's happening on Instagram
Play the latest pop song
play top 20
yeah amazing response.
What is the weather supposed to be like this week?
do i have a party planned this weekend?
Select the type of meal, whether a break fast/Lunch/Dinner
help me call xxx
if it is from a very familiar place mark it as important
If it is 12 hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time, what's the time in the Philippines now?
can you please again clarify.
Tell me what's happening on social media
Do I need a raincoat today
Who is singing the song I am listening to right now?
will u take care of the home security system?
yes command was confirmed.
please retry.
PDA, What's the directions to the nearest pizza hut?
exact.
I like the background song
How many plays has Patrick Stewart been in?
delete {item} from list
ah it's great one.
Play the top 40 station with Rocket and Theresa
Olly, tell me the pound for pound list for the top 10 in the UFC
What time is it in Chicago right now?
What time do I need to be at the train station for my ride to Austin, TX?
What events are going on in the area?
please check my mails
Email Joe and tell him to hurry.
Add apahelp@yahoo.com in my contact list.
tweet @a complaint:
PDA I am the living blues.
Did I get an email from Paul?
it doesn't matter.
that is correct.
Stock up or down for Walgreens?
Delete the list Brads appointments.
Is today a sunscreen day?
add a new event to my calendar
where is contry x
Please add sugar to my grocery list.
cancel the plan of xxxx
Cortana, open up and play music from my 'jogging' playlist?
it was not the correct response.
PDA open this program
Did the price of Wal Mart stock go up or down?
Turn bedroom lights off
how many records did coldplay sell?
What's the latest news?
What is a good biography to read about Jackie Kennedy?
Erase my grocery list.
What are the latest articles from Yahoo News?
Play solitaire with me
Can you tell me if I've got any unread emails from today?
PDA, I want to make a list and this should be automatically saved as a text file with the title, list.
i think olly's command is incorrect.
Switch on the lights
do not mind for any one, olly.
that is right.
ah it's great work.
best energy food for gym
Can you delete the next event?
google pda definition for me
tweet esurance and tell them they suck
Schedule meeting with Laura
More ligth please
PDA, connect to lights
Please tell me how to make a screwdriver.
that's nice one, thank you so much, olly.
i would like to hear the last one spoken again.
What will the weather be tomorrow?
stock price for apple
Should I be concerned about the robot vacuum cleaner upon startup?
that's cool, thank you so much.
yeap it's excellent.
What is the chance of thunderstorms today in Biloxi
Set a meeting on Wednesday at 3pm in room G30.
are there any special events in my town
How much traffic does Atlanta, Georgia usually have?
set a weekly meeting for friday 9am
Play <song> on repeat
a little brighter thanks
remind me after 10mins
Chang the ight colors.
open twitter, send message
define 'philosophy'
you have done that perfectly.
Ok Google, raise your volume
what is my event schedule tomorrow
Please check your calendar, i have done somethings
What does the email say that was sent 30 minutes ago from Mom.
uhh no, wrong.
show latest emails
you are helpful, thank you.
can you elaborate me further on what you just said please.
please check and confirm my last question.
what to i have a my to do list
Please lower music volume
Search the item
PDA, show me my calendar.
whats the date today
Remind me to go to dinner with Dave on friday at 5:00PM
by our scores
PDA, do I have messages in my inbox?
Play me a Radio Drama Podcast
Switch the station to 89.4
Can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed?
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for 7 am please
Announce the current time
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE SONG FROM THE ARTIST MADONNA.
anything is ok to me.
what you said now was not clear.
What is the economic policy of trump
searching on holidays in my location
uh no, i didn't say this.
What does celebrity do
I ate breakfast this morning
weather Fulton Missouri
Find a taxi to go home
volume - level
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY PDA'S
Save the last radio stations of the last month
Update on email.
Delete the Christmas party at the church next Wednesday.
i like you to check it please.
Which song is currenly playing.
My day was so busy
Which languages are the most popular in America right now?
is it going to rain tomorrow?
Delete next event from the calendar
Can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef?
Show them where the keys to internal locks are located in case they have to exit your home quickly.
Do I require sweaters tonight?
How can I cook 'meal'
Tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
What is the stock for X company?
Book and pay for a train ticket to Denver for Saturday.
TELL ME, WHAT TIME IT IS ?
Tune in to 93.5 on radio
Don't let me forget I have a Parent-Teacher conference this Monday at 4:00 pm.
What happened on the walking dead.
Switch off kitchen lights
goodnight
add this email to a new contact
Cortana, play a song by Paramore.
Turn off the garage light.
it was wonderful.
please post to jeff
Whats the temperature in Mangalore today
Start playing FM 96.5 when it is 1.00 PM
Which event should I attend in my area?
Reply to Anthony's email
Crockpot recipe for chicken alfredo
email David about the meeting tomorrow. David, can we have the meeting in the afternoon
Turn the volume down.
remove
What is the exchange rates in this region
I need the arrival time for New York train
What do I have to do this week?
Calendar up, when is my financial meeting on Friday?
anything is okay to me.
yeah wonderful.
can you read me my latest emails
Please explain the rice recipe .
I ate a blueberry muffin with milk for breakfast
Show me the latest emails from Amazon.
party beach
Switch on Radio mango
Who sent me emails this week?
Play the God of small things
What is the location of Moldova?
After this song play Thriller
What is the current forecast for Minneapolis?
olly that's not how you pronounce that.
Add Mary's birthday on the 22nd to my calendar, please.
How many emails do I have from work today?
this was not the correct response.
Olly, how much can chris helmsworth bench press?
Definitions
confirm what i last said.
Define photosynthesis
Remind me everyday at 5am.
Show me the lastest news from the UN.
What is Amber stevens address, it is in my contacts?
Raise the lamp's light.
Change volume
Save this song as a favorite
can you define a baster
Can you put in Lee's birthday on the 22nd of June?
current date time
What's on this weekend in my zipcode?
Play funk music
Increase the brightness in this room.
Remind me in the morning to call my mother.
Book for me a train ticket to Washingon DC
Play the sports station
Play for me Michael Jackson song from audiobook
Ask them to remember always to lock the door and keep a careful watch on their keys.
Block one hour from 10 tomorrow morning.
schedule a chat with Adam on Thursday afternoon
open the door
thanks, that's amazing.
When's Mark Lanegan's next album out?
i need to check today's email of jack
I want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving Turkey in 5 sentences.
yeah you've done the command exactly.
I like rock music
Give me the latest on paul ryan.
could not get what you've said.
if there is event of show then remove it.
Olly, brew a pot of coffee.
shift the light off
Remove set alarm
i have no idea about what to choose, olly.
What is 5 divided by 1
Did anyone win the powerball lottery yesterday?
would you say that one more time again please.
Olly, find new email.
Delete all upcoming yoga sessions.
turn off the dining room
Olly, tell me about Hugh Lourie
would not really mind for any one, olly.
How many new emails since I last checked?
Please turn all all lights.
exchange rate of euro with dollar
what about this event?
brighten more light.
What is happening in Milwaukee today
delete the event
could you clarify me on it further.
add a note to attend
How is the weather in 57701?
What do you do all day?
Resume a song from the audiobook by Elvis Presley
great work, you did well, olly.
Make sure bread is on my grocery list
Olly, read me the most updated news on BBC
Olly, can i get a cup of coffee?
Turn the lights off now
What does a beech tree look like?
Open audio book history of Rome.
tweet @InsightBB - the cable is out again in the Highland Terrace neighborhood
Turn up the volume.
turn the volume up on music player
Locate a recipe for thai fried rice
PDA what the time difference from here to Ottawa?
will you try what i've said again please.
Find me the cheapest copy of The Four Hour Body?
new mail to mom
explain to fellow tweeters how horrible their customer service is at the local store
Hello you look great
If it could make phone calls for you and say whatever it is you may text someone since not everyone is text savy
Speak louder please.
open vacuum cleaner
Please set the alarm for
Play a rap song
would you just cancel it please.
find me news about Trumps speech
Confirm a travel ticket to German.
are there any events coming up
show me upcoming events in this area
yeap you've got your understanding right.
How people are thinking in such a manner that they can hide everything from God
please modify the incorrect command.
What time does the train departs Lagos?
Could you delete this event
@NikeSupport I need some assistance regarding some shoes I bought last week.
ok google! what is the weather where i am at today
yes you've done your understanding perfectly.
Play my favorite radio station
Where is the best place to buy party supplies in town?
please explain what you've said further.
Olly is Swat a good movie
What is the current temperature and humidity outside
which day is march 20
can you delete the dentist appointment?
i am sorry but you didn't understand me.
Does Pings do takeaway?
Quiet mode, 4 hours
Tell me about price of stock for innova
switch off the plug point
When does Olive Garden close today?
how do you get?
tell me how to make garlic bread
give me the details of friend
it's confirmed.
tweet complain about service A
Calculate distance from Boston to New York
Tweet Target about how poorly their service was
amazing response to the command.
google the object and see
What is a mango?
What should I cook tonight?
Play BBC radio 2
erase my next calendar event
this does not really matter for me.
olly please can you cancel.
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
Create new email address.
How far do the Rocky mountains extend?
please search for dining tables
PDA: I need a good chick-flick, any thoughts?
Show chicken tikka recipe
what are the reminder i had set for tomorrow
play snake with me
what will be the condition of weather next seven days
How far away is the sun
will you explain me about the last sentence further please.
what time does the train depart from dowtown los angeles to santa barbara
I would like the bathroom lights set to yellow.
please can you retry your last thing you said.
Tell the Golden Fork that I want their fish risotto delivered
'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25 make a note of it on the corresponding date.
Is Elvis Presley still alive?
How is the weather today?
Please choose a game that you can play with me Olly.
what's next in my calendar?
Who build the Paris tower?
Recap my day.
ny stock
you did it correcly.
Echo clean out my calendar delete everything.
Which teams are playing this weekend?
What's the latest on Trump's travel ban?
will you check my last instruction please.
Please add contact e-mail johndoe@yahoo.com to John Doe's contact information.
PLEASE MAKE A TWEET  TO DELL COMPANY  ABOUT THE FAULTY SERVICE OF  LAPTOP.
what is new today
Will it snow next week?
add <unk>
start new smart socket
shit, i didn't say that.
it's fantastic job, olly.
Create a meeting event in my calendar.
Check weather update for Lagos this week
what did you say in the last conversation.
What is the time difference between California and Michegan?
Info
play next expisode on podcast.
Tell me the traffic condition from here to home.
Olly, I would like to have a cup of coffee.
Can you turn the lights up?
send email to Martha saying last evening was wild
what is the train schedule to denver?
it is helpful, i appreciate it.
should i take a coat to birmingham this evening
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at 3 pm next friday
i could not quite catch up with you.
xy wikipedia facts
Siri, play Shake It Off
shut the lights off
What is Kevin Spacey doing?
when was the world war 2 tartes
give a pleasant sound
can you check and confirm that please.
Alexa, turn off the Wemo socket in the kitchen.
sorry but you had me wrongly.
Give me a weather report for las vegas.
Start my favorite music
Set a reminder for tomorrow evening
Begin new list of lottery numbers
Start The Gilmore Guys.
ocean 11
Is there a possibility of heavy snow this evening?
listen to pop songs
Could you please yell the answer out to me?
Has Amy sent me any new emails?
you did something wrong.
How is the traffic on third street?
What do I need to make lamb pathia?
economic affairs
Tweet Macy's a complaint about their sales clerk.
it's incorrect.
Can u play lovely song
Where can I get something to eat by the art museum?
Noodles 1 pack, Make it as takeaway
Please send an email to John saying I'm on Leave
i do not bother.
i like you check the detail please.
Please tell me the news in Polk County, Florida.
Play next episode of podcast
Play my favourite playlist
i appreciate response, olly.
Turn on Pandora
Repeat an event in my calendar
set a neighbor party for next week
Instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in 10 mins.
How many kilograms is 210lbs
Memo
6AM
what states border new hampshire
can you shut down.
What is the weather outside
speak one more time again.
will you shut up please.
I need a taxi at 8 tomorrow morning to take me to work.
no, not right response.
sorry but that's not right.
We had great dinner today
that's not what i was looking for.
Play that podcast I was listening to yesterday.
Make me a capuccino.
Delete everything from my calendar
thank you so much for help.
hello how is your day
s2, i do not catch that.
stock price for amazon
Play music from the playlist
Alexa play my most recent playlist.
Outlet on/off.
Add this event to my calender
is it raining in Barcelona
PDA, mark sarahs b-day party on the 12th
Start the vacuum cleaner
Did snap become public yet?
Is Miley Cyrus married?
PDA name: ask @nsa why they are spying on me and post it on twitter
yeap you've understood my instructions right.
how can i adjust the volume
that's helpful, thank you, olly.
what is the name of the music playing now?
Refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
explain how is USA better than other countries
What is the weather like in Boston?
I am bored can you find me something to do near me
send a complaint to consumer service of this company
PDA, could you send that email to Chong?
What are the the train times between 8 am and 10 am at East Chicago Station going West on Sunday
that's perfect.
low the volume
Olly search events and meetups for Central park West
if a pencil cost 4$ and a book cost 10$, how much i should pay if i buy 2 pencil and 3 book ?
hey siri make the lights a little dimmer
turn up the light
Please show me the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
Switch the lights off
Play it louder
Meeting (friend) on (date) update my calendar to reflect meeting.
How long will it take me to go to the train station from here?
Show me new emails from my inbox.
Do I need to bring sunscreen with me today?
Will the weather be hot or cold tomorrow?
play Hula Hoop next
List out my meetings today?
Call me a taxi Olly.
Remind Upcoming event's
let us try the last spoke one more time again please.
yeah exact response.
yeap right response to the command.
Clear mt schedule for this date
can i go outing without any umbrella/raincoat
Remove alarm of 6 AM on Tuesday.
Delete all my calendar entries.
What's going on lately with _____?
Tell me about the events near me
Can you forward an episode in the podcast?
this weeks events
Games
Clear item 4
Olly, Do i need to bring a coat today?
dammit, it isn't what i am looking for.
find the set of procedures for a meal course
call the customer cell through phones for direct response
Take that off there
Alexa, mark the words as I say and I Quote
Get Sia's cheap thrills ready to play next.
any high priority emails
give me the details of next reminder
Start up League of Legends for me.
I think I can travel the whole world in a day
look for a joke
Send me links to news articles about the protest.
Make the socket available for me
I'd like to hear folk songs from 1968
Describe a...
Is mile marker 65 where the hanging tree is located?
i am sorry but i think it is wrong response.
convert 1:02 from GTM 4:30 to GMT 1:30
to I need to take sunglasses today?
open a song from the given list
yeah you get the command right.
What time will I arrive In Austin, TX?
Set off this alarm
PLEASE TELL WHAT WOULD BE THE WEATHER IN WASHINGTON DC FOR THE COMING WEEK.
What is the current time in our home town?
Define loquaciousness
i would not really care, olly.
events happening between 8am and 5pm today
please explain me further on your answers.
you are hero, thank you very much.
blot me the dentist appointment on Tuesday 21 March 2017
Please give me the name of all my lists
Can you turn that down
yes it's perfect.
Who sings this?
Remind me to go to the gym every monday and tuesday
Please show me the current stock prices for IBM
What time is it in Tokyo, Japan?
show me all my pending reminders
Notify me about any updates on vaccine laws
What is up in my schedule today?
route to melbourne
Convert time zone to ist
PDA, tell me whats on the web.
Add pastries to the Christmas list
What is the weather for this week?
Siri, what is $10 in Rubels?
s1, will you further explain.
give me the time at washington right now
Could you explain the meaning of exorbitantfor me please?
Continue with my audiobook please.
decrease speaker volumne alexa
tell me the time in Moscow
Add alarm
What time are my alarms set for?
book xy play
save this song in my great songs category
When is the third Monday of this month?
Please send an email to Uncle John telling him that I will be there.
set a notification for june 5th every year
send a reply to mike
make a call to
What kind of music do you think I like?
set timezone
do it again please.
PDA, Do all my chores so I can take a nap.
tell me everything you know about sloths
turn on the plug socket 1.
I need to add this new contact for Sam Smith ssmith@yahoo.com.
can you rephrase me on last sentence again.
Set notification before this event
Play random radio station.
what is the birthday of hemingway
would you say that once more please.
How would yo define object A?
what alarms are currently set
yeah correct response.
How do I save money on groceries for family of 6?
Should I wear sandals?
please can you confirm the command.
Set a reminder to notify me 1 hour before lunch meeting
Can you find me a train ticket to Southampton on Memorial Day weekend?
play from favorites song no.
through outlook
really would not mind, olly.
please turn on  classic music for the dinner now
shit, you have done this all in wrong manner.
please create a new alarm
once again elaborate me on that.
Give me the description of a mobile battery functioning
alexa do need an umbrella today?
would like to know the time of train X
play classical music
start vaccum
Play the playlist we were listening last night
yeah it's great.
Show results for cooking lasagna from web
HOw much is STarbuck's stock these days?
Please play my favorite song by Bruno Mars.
Delete lunch with Michael
Alexa, I want this event to be reminded throughout this month
When are the meetings?
Is it supposed to snow this week?
Did Bert write me today?
What is the value of stock per share of Best Buy?
new list
add 'christmas' on 25-December-2017 at 'sara's place'
i think you've understood me wrong.
it is amazing work, appreciated, olly.
Time and date  of today
Please post Happy Birthday USA on Facebook.
TOMARROW MY MOTHER BIRTHDAY
play all songs by Anirudh
please could you shut up.
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
try what you just said one more time please.
rj raunak programme play on 92.7 fm
Google, brighten the lights.
Check and delete span emails for the last week
i was not so clear about what you've said.
Create a list for the following...
upcoming events
the song touches my heart
add new email to my contacts. XXXXX@gmail.com
What is the extended forecast
Who is the governor of New York?
what is happening now?
Annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food.
PDA show all emails sent to me from my boss
Convert eastern time to western time.
Let me get a cup of coffee please.
When is the last departing train from Boston, Massachusetts.
When New York train will arrive
Answer email from Sally.
play audiobook of arijit singh
Echo turn on the vacuum cleaner while I am gone.
you did amazing work, thank you so much.
you've done that correctly musch appreciated.
What do you want to do today? Play outside
Order a large plain pizza from Mimo's for me.
What time is it in the Central timezone?
Can you please advise?
Have stocks gone up or down today for Walmart
Remind me to fill college's application form every two days from now
a
play Madonna now
PDA trantimes to NY.
What time are my alarms?
you did perfect job,, olly.
you are the best,.
Start a pot of coffee, please.
newyork
What is the capital of Maryland?
Play 46&2 by Tool
it was awesome, thank you so much.
again elaborate.
Convert current time from IST to EST
What time is it in Singapore?
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
Respond to my bosses email with the word that I will be in at 4 in the evening.
would not mind for any one, olly.
elaborate further on this.
couldn't get that.
am i going to bring umbrella later?
Tell me updates
How many pesos to an American dollar?
For Every Odd Numbered Sunday, set a reminder for
s1, would you elaborate me more on what you said now please.
Turn the living room lights to 100%
Let me know the alarm time.
How busy is my schedule today?
Create a list for today's tasks
Where is Stockton, California?
power up the plug socket 1.
Is there a 5pm train on Wednesday to Rockville?
I can't hear just increase the volume.
anything is fine.
I want to know if I have any emails with the subject line budget from Eddie Richards.
Where am I supposed to be by this time tomorrow?
Turn off 8AM alarm
olly i'd like you just stop it.
Add event to calendar
run game
confirm my last command.
Olly, lower the lights please.
you get it correcly.
Please play jazz music.
can you give me local news on wayne county sheriffs?
Whats new in my email inbox?
resume audiobook
Please send a voice mail to Mr. Richard office about meting him on 1/2/2017 at 5 pm.
Does my co worker have a home phone number?
where I can find xxxx
i'd like you check and confirm the detail please.
What is the date for the following monday?
Send an email to sjobs@apple.com
yes correct.
create new event 'christmas' and add to calender
What's the weather for the entire week?
can you define conservative politics
Play my favorite song from last year.
calculate two multiplied by two
what is the most concern issue in USA today and what can be done to deal with it effectively .
Show me the alarms I've set.
Has the University of Greenwich emailed me
Update on international women's day
Hey olly make the house lights a different color
i wouldn't really care, olly.
Find a definition
Compose a mail for jack
Tell me the time in jakarta.
yes the command was confirmed.
Who mailed me yesterday?
What is the subject of the email that just arrived
Olly, I need to hear Notorious Thugs by Bone Thugs now.
Tweet Kohls about the cleanliness of their store
play closer music track
Pleas set a reminder for a meeting I have on Tuesday next week.
thank you very much for the answer.
What's the temperature outside?
oops, i think that was not the right command.
where the meeting will be
I want to clean  my bedroom, put the vacuum on and go to my room
would you check and confirm question please.
please can you speak the last one said once more.
Show me the weather for Dallas.
Find my next event and delete it, please
i do not really mind, olly.
Tell me what's happening this week.
Get me the news from UC web
uhh no, that isn't what i was looking for.
Hey, what is the time?
who is the latest sender?
I have a department head meeting Friday at 9:00 am sharp.
I need to turn on the plug in my office for my computer.
I want to drink cofee
What is on my calendar today?
PLEASE PLAY MY CRICKET GAME.
I want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel.
trash my list
set music system to mute
Dolly Parton biography
excellent job, you did well, olly.
that's helpful, thank you very much.
please can you confirm what i just said.
Turn up/down the sound
whats the weather like right now in new york
PDA please check exchange rates
15:00 to 17:00 how can I spend my time?
what is the quickest route by boat to Japan
How many states have the death penalty?
can you reset please.
when is the kiss concert?
Do I have new emails from John
What is the time in L.A.
Tell me the train arrival time to New York
Can you play acoustic music with no commercials?
could you shut off.
Play my Killers playlist, please.
could you explain me further on your answers please.
no, you've done this all in wrong manner.
who is singing this song
How tall is Hulk Hogan?
What is the status on my takeout?
speak your phrase spoke one more time please.
find me a recipe for <unk>
Please set an alarm for 10 pm
Notify me on March 11th, the day of my appointment.
a good first impression
Brew me some coffee
that's cool, i appreciate it.
Hey PDA what's today?
Save this post about the song that I just listened too.
Hi, what kind of pictures you uploaded in Pinterest
Please find out of Charley's Steakhouse delivers.
funny story
cancel dinner tonight
Please provide world hot news
read out the XXX list
Please add supervision to my calendar
Set reminder for date night with husband next Friday
olly select a different color for the lights
hi
Please let me know about my Birthday
Let me listen to the latest Lovett or Leave it podcast
play me a song of adele
Go back to the last episode in this podcast.
what is fifty five minus two
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
what is the answer to that question
set a remainder at 3pm to pick jo
Olly, I'd like an espresso.
remove this event from my calender
correct.
What time is it, relative to New York?
Please remove the alarm set for Wednesday called kickball.
decentralized design
Please look up exchange between US and Mexco
status of take away
Space exploration: latest news
would you please check that.
What time is the train to San francisco due?
Continue onto the next podcast
it's helpful,.
When does the next train to work leave
Mark next Tuesday in my calendar as Steve's birthday.
stop, you've understood me not right.
Don't talk until I ask you to
PDA, I'd like an alarm set for this Saturday at 10.
Do I have a grocery list ready?
it is not the correct response.
New mail notifications
Open the contact named John
Directions to New Orleans
Define the word absolute.
don't really bother, olly.
PDA, orevena voice recorder, let me ... The System page is where to save songs
exorbitant. Whats the meaning of this?
Delete all my events for tomorrow
Play the Celine Dion song from the Titanic movie.
sorry but you didn't understand request right.
Start a conversation with me about sports
your answer is not so clear to me.
Olly, I watched the best movie. Please reserve me a copy when it releases.
What's going on in the world?
When is the next train to Glasgow from Aberdeen?
i have set reminders
remember how i fell about this song
What is the weather in Los Angeles
top model car.
check if any alarm is there after 5am
could you try what you just said one more again.
Play yesterday's Hot 97 morning show
Search for the latest news about Iphone
Cortana, what date is Justin's school play?
What is the exact time now?
i appreciate it, it's good one.
What is 9 - 10
What time is it in Chicago?
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
set alarm for 12 weeks from today at 8am
will you check and confirm details.
search the region
Book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow.
Turn my smart plug socket on.
Start cappuccino for me now.
Is Eddie Murphy still alive?
10 past seven
would you check the details please.
you have done that correctly appreciated.
Can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee?
Play my book
find me news about BREXIT
app management
Raise lights to full power
cancel please.
Send email to mom saying Happy birthday
Is there anything to do with quinoa to make it not taste awful?
Raise volume to level 7 on music player
schedule pizza takeout for 7 p.m.
put the item on the list
How long before my order is delivered?
lower the brightness
wats online, PDA?
Want to play a game with me?
how many oceans are there?
begin vaccum
Forward a complaint to MTS regarding Internet speed issues
i don't understand your words.
events today
dictate new email
i want hot cofee
Please mark my calendar for therapy every Tuesday at 11 AM.
Open my contact list
Resume a song from the audiobook by Michael Jackson
i think that's not the correct response.
Did Linda Connors reply to any of my emails this morning?
Will the temperature be above freezing on Wednesday?
Olly, want to play a game of trivia?
This song is not very good
Make a list of numbers for me
What reminders did I set?
What were yesterday's activities between 5pm and 8pm?
send response I will be there
how many countries?
I need you to remove item s from my list
you have done it right thank you very much.
Complain to Amazon customer service for me
Tell me the trains from California to New Jersey after 11pm
Set alarm for 8 am tomorrow
i'd like you to confirm what just said please.
show geographic details of piramids
Is there anything on my calendar
do i have any mails
For a new event or meeting request, choose Repeat on the toolbar.
you are my hero, thanks.
i would like you to check my last question please.
that was helpful, thank you so much.
show me yesterdays weather
Olly, do I have any new email from Ryan?
can you help me find the answer to this question?
can you confirm my last command.
olly that's all, stop.
please will you explain me more on what you've said.
Can I order take out from Licari's ?
Post to Facebook: I'm home
Turn on my pandora radio
Tell me the status of my inbox
thanks for your help.
Check emails from cindy
Set the living room lights to 50%
i have to take sunglasses in today afternoon
list entry
bed room 2 darken
bing up my list
cook some coffees
what's new on my Facebook account?
Alexa, book me a train ticket for this afternoon to Chicago.
Review the alarms I have
Start a  takeaway order for me.
Who are the best drummers in the world today?
check if i need umbrella now
What is the lowest Microsoft stock price today
Send tech news
I have to go to a meting on friday at noon, can you remind me?
turn the sound up
What time does the train leave Philadelphia?
Do I have a 2pm appointment
wake me at 7 am
Can you list the stock on Sony
Turn on Wemo.
once again clarify me about your answers please.
can you try the last one you just said one more time please.
Send an email to Scott asking what the weather will be like this week.
Please set the lights off in the living room.
s2, i couldn't catch that.
olly please can you just stop it.
What is the temperature right now?
Increase the volume.
id like my pda to randomly make jokes unprompted
What's new on social media?
thanks but i think it was not the right command.
Add (name/location) to calendar
Where does Rush Limbaugh live
Tell me the weather for the following the month
Exchange rate from CAD to USD
What time is it in Cleveland?
What is the name of this song playing right now
Give me the description of a Television circuit
Dim the lights in the living room.
can you explain string theory to me
Remove 24th March meeting from schedule
Tell me what's going on with Facebook.
Let's reply this email
Change the audio settings
How many new e-mails have I received today?
let us try your last things once more please.
turn off lights in bedroom
what are today's sports news.
Vacuum the living room carpet
Just let me know tomorrows weather
what is going on in my area today
Make an alarm to wake me up after 5 hours.
will you please again elaborate.
Am I available at 5pm on Sunday?
Can you pull up the current news stories?
How is the snow condition in Las Vegas?
what is the most famous cave in texas
could you tell me what i have said once again please.
Remove bananas from my shopping list
Please put the following event in my calendar on this date, and then place it in the calendar every week thereafter.
Play a podcast about latest yoga videos
Add reminder today evening to collect the parcel from Jakes bristo
Play Enrique
baseball scores.
What is going on around here?
can i go without coat now
Olly make my coffee
Hey Google, tell me what alarms are set for me.
Check the events on calendar and delete the next event
yes right.
you've done it correctly thank you.
find exhange rate for usd to dollar
I would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
akon
reschedule meeting
no, you gave me incorrect information.
Please create a new list
Do I have new email?
i don't really know, olly.
play metallica
i like you confirm details please.
Olly, Hot and sweet. Soy based.
Is the 18th a Monday or a Sunday?
Tell me about the presidential race.
could you check and confirm last thing said.
well done, thank you very much.
Olly, what do you know about Eminem?
i appreciate the answer.
hmm, i didn't say that.
how big is the cosmos?
Olly, front page news articles please.
select the music player
please clean the floor
this is too bright
Set a meeting with the HR department for the end of the month.
Why did gotse shoot Mahatma gandhi
What alarms do I got PDA?
Turn on the lights that are outdoors.
For how much time should I oven pizza to make it perfect crispy.
Play the college baseball game
yes your understanding is confirmed.
could you further clarify what you have said to me please.
Hello,  I would liek to know whether you provide home delivery services?
check last thing i said.
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
delete item from list
Start Dune from where I left off.
Let me see what emails I got.
please would you tell me that once again.
Can you create a new list?
Inform me on the items on the list
Are you aware this joke.
Could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
How cold is it outside?
When is my dentist appointment?
What is the reminder when 521 is divided by 3?
Erase my whole calendar.
delete my doctors appointment this week
that is useful, thank you.
report recent emails
turn off lights
Turn out the lights
s1, please could you elaborate once again.
PDA, Tell me the time in this time zone.
thank you so much for your answer.
What date is tomorrow
WHAT IS THE DATE NEXT SATURDAY?
it is cool,.
Add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
open the profile of Allen from my contact
play me a song
What is the traffic like now.
i don't catch that.
Please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
olly could you shut up.
please add this event
buy me a train ticket.
nope, not correct command.
Can you make me some coffee Olly?
Turn off my first alarm
Turn wemo on
Please skip two songs
Which type of music it is
play rap
information of recent events
Olly, be funny for me.
turn on the wemo plug
Can I have today's date?
Do you store personal information about me?
Alexa, i would like to set the event repetitive
Is there a meeting on my calendar this afternoon?
delete the birthday party tomorrow at 2pm
Please put on an alarm for 8am
Olly, who is Luke Bryan?
Does Donald Trump have any ties to Russia?
Ok Google, what's the largest continent?
whats the scenery like in morocco
any one would be fine.
Can you change the volume at 90db.
What is the current temperature?
appreciated.
Are there any concerts this week?
you have understood my instructions right.
i have no idea for what to choose.
Do you know the name of the song that is playing?
Can they provide takeaway?
My day went pretty well today.
What day of the week does Christmas fall on this year?
Increase the light in the room
How long should I simmer rice for?
play the last/next episode
What is the chance of rain today
let us try your last sentence once more please.
you have done it right thank you so much.
get me a person asap
book me a train ride
Should I bring a umbrella with me this mornimg
Bring up all the runner lights
take note of today as my first date with bob
What day is the meeting on?
play the next recording
olly just stop.
what do I have planned for today
make event
Can you tell me the current time in Dallas, Texas?
Is there more traffic in Canal street?
i don't get this.
What's the news?
that was great, thank you.
Can you tweet Lifx about their app crashing?
PDA please schedule all my doctors appointments
Is there any breaking news from CNN?
On my grocery list, please add oranges.
Why are whales big?
Resume audiobook player.
Scan the radio for howard stern
Cortana, when is my nexy dental appointment on the calendar?
i didn't get your words.
tweet a complaint to old navy website alexa
Nikki Minaj nationality
Find the sum of 13 and 14.
what are the gas prices near me?
what is the latest on cnn
What is the month, day and year?
How any times does 50 go into 1 million?
Enable cleaner robot
Can I know whats the time now?
Can you search for me?
What is the weather in Columbus?
Why do starving people keep having kids?
Please find music by AFI
I don't want to hear any more songs of that type
thanks but i think you did not get response correctly.
it doesn't really matter for me.
Olly, turn on any song by tupac.
Alexa, email my appointments to reschedule
really do not mind.
Do I have any reminders?
PLEASE TELL WHO INVENTED TELEPHONE AND WHAT IS THE DATE?
Book a taxi for tomorrow morning
play Third Day
Tell me about things to do in London
Set reminder for meeting with John on Wednesday at 9 am
s1, would you please explain your response again to me.
Please start the playlist Huey Lewis and The News.
where is the train station?
Post to tumblr: I'm having fun.
Is it storming right now?
Can you tell me the times the train leaves for Chicago?
features of google pixel
How many times could the size of Texas fit into the size of Alaska?
directions please
Book me a flight to Mars next year
Resume playing X.
Who built the Prado Museum?
Play a country station.
what are some local events.
Please show me best run program in Jodhpur
Please start vacuum
olly i want you just stop it.
Send Danielle an email.
dammit, i think incorrect response.
For the week of the 20th delete all tutoring events.
PLEASE TELL ME WHEN IS THE BIRTHDAY PARTY OF JENNY?
you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
From my play list filter devotional songs and play write now or me
email Chris, add following content
See my inbox for mail I received from X person
can you play some music for me?
What's happening in the news?
thanks but i think that's not the right command.
who assassinated lincoln
I want to hear purple haze
I would like you to check my emails.
Hello PDA,Can you read the information for this date?
Weather in Atlanta
convert 8:30 from GTM -4:00 to GMT 5:30
Send to Sandy J....unable to make it to lunch today can we reschedule?
Open my music
get city cab here to airport
would you elaborate again to me please.
Cancel lunch with Carl for next Tuesday.
Repeat this event every Friday on my calendar.
Is snow in the forecast?
Check for all emails from Tom Brady
Alarms
Do you have any suggestion? Action movies?
Whats the local taxi company around here?
s2, i did not catch up with you.
hmm, i think you have done the task wrong.
could you speak it one more again please.
musch appreciated, it's good work.
ABOUT WATER
that is unimportant for me.
Book a train ticket for an 8 AM ride to Charleston, West Virginia
Can you read the names of my lists of reminders?
find hotel order food name
clear future event
locate local pizza shops
I needed to prepare for a meeting.
put on station 105.3
yeah answer was great.
please would you check and confirm it.
who is X
Play a party music list
Ok Google, let's play FMOD
Will I need a coat this morning?
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND JPY
Can you show me all of the emails from my favorites list?
Cortana, search local events in zip code 12121.
I am bored, how about some small-talk
you are star, thank you.
shit, it isn't what i meant.
dammit, not correct response.
How old is Tony Bennett?
shit, i think not right.
Turn my bathroom plug socket on.
Tell me latest BBC news
The date today please
:PDA are you alive
Play for me American Idol show
make coffee at 8 a.m.
Read current lists.
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
can you get me a cup of coffee please
What is happening to my order
Reply to Truette and let him know I will be there.
Does this restaurant only do carryout?
Please give me the best garlic bread recipe.
Hey Google, what time does the DART Orange Line leave for West Plano?
Cancel all appointments in my calendar.
Did I receive any new Email
Could you please book me a taxi going to 'location'?
Make it brighter in here, please.
Have a taxi pick me up.
show me the most recent emails
Please let me know about a meeting after  days
I bought pre-season baseball tickets.
email notifications
Show me news about the enviroment
today is sunny day or not.
Do you know about this lyrics?
Please check and tell me where is the location of Toms new business.
Could you change the lights colour to green, please
Turn off the smart plug
Please remind me about the meeting with Julie at 5 pm this evening.
Play Tennis for me
please will you just stop it.
How's the weather today?
retry the last spoken.
Tweet Lfix and let them know my app crashed.
Job interview preparation
Set my alarm for Tuesday at 6pm.
Play my midnight love playlist.
notify me with all events in the next one week
What is today's forecast for Berlin?
Set reminder for tomorrow morning about  my meeting
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
what is the stock price of amazon.
oh it's perfect work.
can you tell me your last sentence said once again.
clear last action.
THAT SONG IS MY FAVORITE.
I love that song. Who sings it?
please will you replay.
Ordering food
play lady by kenny rogers  now
what is latest news about this world
it doesn't really matter.
Echo keep me updated on the lastest storm news.
I want you to play this game for me
Tell me current time
I would be happy if you update me the events going on our area
Olly, find me a zoo or animal park in Chicago that open this weekend.
What is the time in Dubai ?
Set reminder on calendar for
Who is the artist of the current song playing?
clear my schedule
how to make sausage PDA.
will it be sunny on friday?
would you say what i've just said again please.
Find a pizza restaurant open until noon
could you confirm it please.
What is happening with Brexit today?
could you tell me it one more again please.
where the party will take start
Any local activities you can recommend in my area?
Ok Google, what's the best business to get into right now
What does a basketball feel like?
tell me joe joe's home address
What events do I have today?
Remember that this song is good, but too slow to exercise to.
anything would be good.
Remove list start with 'A'
open my new emails
much appreciated.
What is going on in the world today?
did you get the detail correctly?
s1, will you please explain me more on last sentence.
Let me know when Casey emails me.
Give me the weather detail of 15th March
Give me the name of all the shops in my area
PDA name: Can you tell me when i
Where will I get best cooking ideas
Skip
go to next
Put milk on the shopping list.
could you try again.
Start vacuuming now, please.
log a complaint to lg ac to customer service
Delete the shopping trip I have scheduled March 23rd
Find me a good pop song
please modify the wrong command.
Is it hot outside?
Create a new event on my calendar
His new award?
awesome work, you did well.
Could you describe that object please.
Turn the lights on full bright.
Change your colors to something different.
show me the calender
Can you mute when I am not home?
play the twilight book
Play Musical Theater Soundtracks
Tell me about the news.
elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
Please tell me what lists I have.
tomorrow is a sunny day, right?
Must yourself when I am in a meeting.
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
any new email
Coffee, make now
PDA what is the answer to...
Please play the song Everytime I see you
I want to listen to Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Divide two hundred by four.
What time is the party tonight
Please turn on the radio.
Can you send an email for me to a new email address?
Please remove this item from the list
i'd like to hear that message spoken again.
i am unclear about your response.
check that.
Olly quiet!
When is that sales meeting set for?
I wish it had wider range of conversation
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
Mark my budget meeting down for every Friday at 2.
Olly make my usual
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR YEN TO USD
whats a romantic meal for my girlfriend
remind me tomorrow at 10am about the meeting
please remind me the birthday of my uncle Joe, every may 4th?
define 'acceleration'
i appreciate it, that was great one.
start Pandora and play the Beatles
Create a list of jewels to be bought
please will you check command.
what happening in VA
In March what meetings are available?
Set an alarm for the meeting tomorrow 30 minutes before the event starts
Resume The Two Towers audiobook.
Time
How to spell the word treble
find a weather
the description of angel
how much mehta willing to invest in my company in meeting which held today at 5:20 p.m
Email dad how is the weather this week?
Pencil in coffee with Jamal at Starbucks for 3pm on Tuesday.
I need a list of my clients today, make one
Have I gotten any new emails?
oops, i think you have understood me wrongly.
what day today
I want to listen to WXYZ
Delete alarm.
i think the command is wrong.
Please play Britney Spears
sorry but that's not correct.
What is 10 divided by 5
Please add practice on Feb 4 at King's Park at 2 p.m.
i am sorry but you have gotten this incorrectly.
3pm meeting tomorrow. Remind me 4 hours prior to that meeting.
Calender henvich marriage
Just let me know the important work interviews in the next two days
s2, i can't quite catch up with you.
please tell me it once more.
please will you shut down.
Have my iroomba clean the house.
Can you play my favorite audio book of King Kong?
not right.
I want to change the light colors.
s2, i was not so clear about what you have just said.
say it one more time please.
Did I receive a message from Kevin?
Is it supposed to rain/snow/be windy today?
will you please explain me more on it.
Olly, what's playing at Brea Plaza five?
Olly, what's the sum of the two numbers 4 and 6
shit, not correct response.
add new items in the alarm list
olly talk to you later.
Remind me that I have a birthday party on the thirtieth.
sorry but i think you have messed up.
book an outstation cab of Ola
that is enough, stop.
whatever is good.
Tell me today's newspaper's headlines
what are the new rock radio stations?
delete next event
Light up the lights in the kitchen
Check the traffic to our home
set alarm for noon tomorrow
define blanket
Make my collection mostly 60s pop with a good bit of 60s psychedelia.
November event delete
Olly, please recommend a restaurant in Seattle.
remove apples from my shopping list
List top 5 movies of Emma Watson .
Remove all data from my calendar.
What does a million raised to a million called?
Turn off the light in the leaving room.
what is the time of the morning train headed to Chicago
check my agenda for today
What is the difference between yesterdays and todays stock prices for Walmart
Start the vaccum for me.
shit, you gave me not correct information.
Find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it.
meeting next week monday
Play surfin usa
could you please check and confirm the detail.
s1, will you elaborate further on your answers.
Is there any festivals this weekend?
Any dangerous weather today?
what time is it in Atlanta?
Post that I am going to Walmart for Shopping
check and confirm command please.
Take me to Layfayette St and Canal.
Hold
Bring up my latest emails.
What is Uber?
Please delete everything from my calendar.
Who recently posted on social media?
could you confirm details.
send a confirmation email to sandy
email friend
no, it is not what i was looking for.
Please thumbs up this song
that was useful, i appreciate it.
Make a new contact with this email.
s1, again rephrase me about your answer please.
reply email
New tweet to consumer service
Dady mummy vettil illa
Do I have anything planned today
Olly Play be warned by tech n9ne
Change lights to red
speak that one more time please.
change status
Add a lunch date to my calender for March 15th from 12 noon to 1pm
What time is the next train to Boise?
i want to hear that the procedure spoken again.
could you check and confirm last thing i said.
i would like to hear what you just said again.
I want to listen to Electric Slide
PDA, new emails from ****?
you've gotten my instructions correcly.
Alexa, give me another update on breaking news.
i do not get the last sentence.
Olly can you change my timezone from central time to pacific?
repeat music
I need coffee, Olly.
please remove the alarm which i set for today morning.
Remind it on Tuesday.
PDA can you tell me if my guitar is in tune what I play it?
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
stock prices of ...
Play the young mummy's podcast.
Need Information about events, before shift ends.
please set a reminder for the office party next saturday?
What is the forecast for Saturday?
PDA, can you tell me how many stomachs a cow has?
alert me at the time of the event
What is latest gossip of Hollywood going on?
Olly, can you describe to me a bike?
Alexa, provide information about Bill ? from my contact list
yeah correct response to the command.
tweet about cold pizza to papa johns
set a list for....
how expensive is Google stock?
What are my alarms
Create vacation list
Tell me some business news.
Let's play a game
you did your understanding right.
Play Taylor Swift
what is a work phone number of Emilia?
Add red wine to my shopping list.
yeah wonderful response.
Where is
Time difference between UK and US
How many miles is it between Illinois and Louisiana alexa
would you shut up please.
include MIke and jack to festival calender
Rm -rf calendar
i wouldn't mind to choose any one, olly.
are there still tickets to the kiss concert?
Alexa, what's going on in Chicago?
would you rephrase once again to me.
what's the date of the winter solstice two years from now?
What was the subject of my last email?
How many calories did I burn between 3 and 5 today?
you did excellent job,, olly.
Please give me the forecast for Chicago.
thanks but you're wrong.
book a cab to office for me
I want you to turn off the plug socket before the cellphone is charged
whats a silly joke you know?
Olly, play me in a game of tic-tac-toe.
s2, i was unclear about your answers.
time now
recent emails
Please define the word bibulous
You can also add additional switches to your home to control more devices.
Raise the brightness of the lights
Tell me the next showtime for the new Marvel movie
Tell me the news about share market ups and downs.
recollect nextweek GM's meeting
please change the command.
please can you tell me that word said once again.
Play the song Major Tom by David Bowie
is my sister pregnant
it is of no importance.
Add five plus eighteen minus four please.
I need to order some food from Papa John's.
you don't understand what i was searching for.
Play the next podcast.
cancel alarm for tomorrow
Alexa, what is PDA?
Don't ever play x list again
i am sorry but i think it was not the right response.
Siri, describe a rainbow
check my laptop is working
Olly, recommend a romantic comedy in my area
Is it someones birthday or anniversary today?
What is the time in India right now?
Get me a ride on the commuter train from NJ to NY.
will you check and confirm command please.
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
s1, will you please clarify more on your answers to me.
please make coffee
Who played Harry Potter in the films
explain me about what you've just said again please.
Turn lights blue
When and where is <band> playing?
please can you confirm details.
Can you delete the doctors appoitment i had tuesday.
can you turn up the volume?
Is there snow in the forecast?
Tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
Turn off the lights
Turn on the fan socket
alexa put shoes on my list
did i have any new email
make an alert for my birthday
Please give me the wnning lottory numbers for this weekend.
Can you please tell me the current weather condition
Start email to client...
please can you cancel.
What is hurricane
Hi This is john, I would like to know the special dish for today.
PDA play this audiobook
Current time?
Make a list of all the clothing range available on Ralph & Lauren.
yeah get it perfectly.
Can you tell me about my mettings next week?
ARE YOU SET RADIO ON MY FAVORITE RADIO STATION?
Set me up with a ticket for the 5pm commuter to Rockville.
Play the song sung by Katy Perry.
Send a tweet about sonys volume issues
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti?
I want to add an event to my calendar
How would you describe head cheese?
What is happening with president Trump?
have no idea for which to select.
Clear my calender
Give me the latest population statistics for Donald Trump
Have I gotten any new emails today?
Is this true about this date?
Alarm me at 8 AM.
Reduce the intensity of lights.
Remove a list
Order takeout
I would love to share my meal with you
search news about a celebrity
How many continents are there?
put on a pot of coffee
PDA, Provide me the alarm times you have set.
Delete the first aarm
what to do next
Do not play this song again
Set reminder for three o'clock
Olly delete my appointment for tomorrow at three p.m.
Dismiss my next event
can you check my last question.
What does
play a angry bird.
How is weather likely to be in my area today?
any one would be good to me.
tryout in blog sites
what is the trending now?
I went to the store
i would like to hear the statement you just said again.
i have no idea for which to choose.
What is the square root of ten?
I want to listen to the Beatles Greatest Hits.
any recent emails olly
What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's birthday?
Ok Google, delete Eric's bday from the calendar.
I wish it could give me advice
your understanding is confirmed.
How long do you cook an egg over easy?
Please set my coffee machine to start at x time?
Send a tweet to Amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
Tell me what was the temperature in our city at 12 pm.
would you please confirm my last command.
Call Yellow Cab
Did I get an email from Sarah?
Please Find a contact number of Rahul Judawa.
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
that is of no importance for me, olly.
just a joke here or there
can you explain me further on what you have just said.
Brief me about  today's football match
can you please clarify me further on what you've just said.
Hey olly what is the last time I got an email
lets solve the puzzle
Where on earth has the most volcanos
What is happening in the world today?
hmm, i think incorrect answer.
What's the date today ?
it was nice job, thank you so much.
Suggestions for future
Will you play Superman after this song is over?
this is of no importance with me, olly.
Check time of 10887 train From Jodhpur station on monday
would you please clarify me about the last sentence again.
Tell what the definition of the word
Alexa, please turn down the lights in the house.
any upcoming events?
Play poker with me.
Make a meeting with Tom around 9am on Tuesday.
i just want some more information about the poetry
this is of no importance to me, olly.
Can you order me a pizza today from dominos?
I want my PDA to tell me when a new anime season will come out
What thing is in the list ?
What's coming up this week?
i'd like to hear that again.
What happened in NYC, Times Square, yesterday at noontime?
Email Donna, plans for today?
please play station X on the radio.
please check email from mom
i want you to confirm it please.
olly would you please shut down.
What day of the week is 30th
book me a train ticket
I need to start a list called...
sorry but it is not correct.
On the day project one is due, does my daughter have a recital?
Change the lights to red.
Ethics
Make sure to remind me to pay my bills tomorrow morning.
thank you so much for the response.
that is not what i told you to do.
Send an email to my sister
I need to calendar a meeting with Nathan on Monday at 9am.
book me a taxi.
instruct me to cook
Olly time Mr. Coffee for 6 am
sorry but that is not correct answer.
Please Delete All reminder of Sunday.
How hot are summers in Gibraltar?
Resume Harry Potter from the place I have stopped listening to last time.
it must be mistake.
Email my mother.
Set alarm at 10 am.
play music from my favorite pandora artist station
If I have fifty dollars and spend twenty four, how many dollars will I have left?
Play Kanye West playlist
skip to next episode
pass the following using email to
Start a vacuum cleaner
Olly, any fresh news on Brad Pitt?
Tell me about my events.
you have done it right appreciated.
Set an alarm for 6:30 AM.
open temple run game
Is Julia Roberts married?
Play the next podcast episode.
when work is done ensure to remove the list
Play music from my rock list
will you please rephrase what you've said again.
Explain to me how a clock works in precise detail.
What does the weather forecast for the upcoming week look like?
i want to listen to some gospel music
Save my music choices
olly stop please.
that was cool,, olly.
Please start clash of clans
Lower the volume of the speakers.
Keep going on podcast
fantastic response.
s2, i am unclear about what you just said.
I want to go to Bank of America. Give me directions
change light color to blue
awesome job, you have done well, olly.
Schedule an event in my calendar for the pool party at Jack's place this Saturday.
PDA, whats it like outside?
Define: computer(word)
thats the date
Please play the top 40's hits in pandora
Please tell me about upcoming alarms.
Plaease give me detail of o zaalima song.
where I went today?
What is the tallest mountain in Tucson?
what things can't you do
remove dentist appointment from the 12th
hashtag...loving this weather..post to twitter.
I find rap music really enjoyable.
Show me the records of Sachin Tendulkar?
Please turn on the lights in my house.
Don't let me forget Rover's vet appointment on the 25th.
sorry but you didn't get the answer correctly.
For how many years did Mahatma Gandhi live
Let me know when I am three days out from this event in my calendar?
is it anyones birthday
please tweet the following complaint
food-processing business in your home has advantages
cancel  the breakfast at tiffany's
Play the Kansas City hip hop station
refer local current events
countdown for time
hmm, i think you did the task all in wrong manner.
can you please check the detail.
Who is my meeting with?
Thanksgiving Turkey cooking procedure in 5 sentences is what?
yeah you've gotten your understanding perfectly.
Tell about my new emails
Please describe laptop
whats happening in pop industry
Did Sams email arrive
Toggle wemo plug socket on
uhh no, i think not right response.
Please add  a new email in my contacts from Sara
tell me some fresh info from daily mail
What age is Britney Spears
Where is a good place to buy clothes in Medford?
Olly, send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
Find a kid friendly event in my area for tonight.
What times does the train run on Sundays in Beaumont, Tx?
What's a good substitute for eggs?
Set alarm for 6:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Olly, what stores have clearance?
what's the latest news on CNN?
What is currently trending on twitter?
What would be something fun to do today?
Tell me the time now.
Where is Niagra Falls located?
I want my PDA to find free movies online for me
I'd like to listen to hear a mix of dance and country
Tell me what is on my grocery list for this week.
attend party before the meeting
what is going for tommorow
Put working out on my calendar for 8 a.m. every day this week.
Please add dinner plans to my calendar for (specific date/time) at (specific location)
Turn up the lights please.
Do I have any time free on Tuesday for a 2 hour meeting with Ken?
Play a news radio station
time between US and canada
remind me to pick up more dog food at Petco tomorrow at 7.20pm
Send an email to Bill that I'm sorry I didn't realize he was so sick
send email to daddy, i'll be going to the birthday party.
PDA, What is the weather like in MiamI Florida today?
confirm the details please.
open music player settings
I have not gotten my daily news yet, can you please brief me a little bit?
yeap that was confirmed.
Please open snooker game, I would like to play with you
Please turn on my wemo plug socket.
Ok Google! Show me all the french bistros near me
oh no, you gave me not right information.
Go to Stripes at 5pm on 3 April.
what concerts are due nearby?
What time is my meeting?
Start play FIFA 17
it's good one, thank you so much, olly.
Tweet long wait time and unprofessional employees.
Can you add Name/Location to calendar?
I will attend Lily's Wedding next week with my boyfriend, please add it to my calendar
Switch all lights off except living area
thanks but i think you're not right.
PDA please search for beginners guide to cooking
Have I received any emails from dave about the new client?
let's try it one more time again.
What is the weather in Pittsburgh
please would you check and confirm what said.
6:00
Open Spotify and play personal channel.
write this event to my calender
Make an alarm for the morning.
make an alarm for 4pm
Silence please.
yeap you've understood the answer right.
Give me today's calendar events after 6pm
olly please can you shut up.
Send an email to Sharon.
shit, i think you have done a task all in wrong manner.
Have I received emails from Sarah?
Olly, set a reminder for my meeting today.
tell me about today
Is is awful day It looks It will rain the whole day
Can you shut off my bedroom light?
what is that one more time again.
What's the closing price of ABC
What is the answer to two by two?
PDA, what's the word orange mean?
Any recent news about North Korea?
Find me the oldest hotel in Washington. D.C.
shuffle music by aaron carter
What are my reminders for this month?
please check the wrong command.
Olly, dim the lights in the hall
play purple haze
remove the alarm for tomorrow
look for new emails.
Email to new contact.
What is today's weather forecast?
will you remind me of my gym class on my calendar one hour before
excellent work, you did well.
Create an event for me at 3:30 pm
i don't mind.
Could you list out the list of trains heading to XX the day after?
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE FM STATION WHICH PLAYS POPSONGS.
yes you understood it correcly.
Give me the home location of Tom Hanks.
What is the Dollar price in INR?
get news about new nuclear policy
Give me a good playlist
Please add this item to the list
what you have just said was not so clear.
olly can you please shut off.
Any new e-mails?
Please check the exchange rates of the US dollar vs the Euro.
what temperature do you bake a potato?
give me the definition of arrow
top news on international women's day
What movies has Casey Affleck starred in?
Are there any events happening in town?
What if I had junk food and heavy drinks
thanks but i think you have messed up with.
Play stuff you should know
would you check what i said.
Between May 1 and December 31, what meetings occurred
is tomorrow going to rain?
tell me what you've said one more again please.
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Indian Rupee
Remind me tomorrow morning of my schedules for Tuesday
list upcoming events in newyork
no, this is not what i am looking for.
PDA, tell me the time in Tokyo.
More volume please
check my calendar for today
Olly, how do you define 'lamp'?
hey Olly, is it going to rain today in Brooklyn, New York?
What day of the week is the 27th?
olly can you cancel it please.
Olly, does Chinese deliver?
i said that incorrectly.
Order spaghetti from Spaghetti Warehouse to bring home.
read me the headlines from Detroit News
Add a meeting With Francine for 2pm tomorrow
what new messages do i have
Can you suggest me a healthy foods for dinner
could you check it please.
s1, will you please once again clarify me on what you have just said.
please make a coffee for me
What's happening at the library this month?
What time have you set the alarm?
open news about BP Oil
command was confirmed.
Remove alarm of 7.30 a.m. on monday
What's going on in the news?
would you shut off please.
it is not so clear to me.
What is going on around me?
i have no idea about what to choose.
turn the lights off please
please modify the command.
check the command.
olly how do you BBQ chicken
please further elaborate your response.
Can you tell me the top news stories about the White House
Listen to x playlist next
Where is Morocco located?
could you retry please.
Tell me about scheduled events
Hows it going to be today
Update my Inbox please
Did I get any emails from Jack?
Tell me the best recipes for a given dish.
Please see if the restaurant Chili's has delivery as an option?
Please give me notice when I need to leave for the conference
Just let me know the area of the Asian continent
What day is payday?
confirm the order
Rewind audiobook by 30 seconds
A step by step guide for how to save music,
send 'thank you so much mom' to mom
is a peso worth more than a dollar
s1, please once again clarify to me.
I need an alarm.
i am sorry but you do not understand it correctly.
Find the nearest Taxi
please would you check instruction.
what are the pending reminder for today evening
Olly how do you make sunny side up eggs?
Next train to Orlando
Show me events nearby
Can you deleted the current event?
Display trains going to Antwerp after 2pm Saturday
Can you give me the latest sports news
what are the dimensions for a Buick lesber
s2, that was not clear to me.
May i know my future schedules?
Please delete the shopping list.
Play 88.9
Set a notification for sports game.
Who's current music's author?
get me takeaway food
What is the largest desk?
Please increase the volume of the music Hips don't lie.
delete bread from shopping list
Do I have any alarms set, Olly?
Echo, play Children's Music
Can you make me coffee now?
could you please shut up.
What is the name of the artist that created this song?
Read my most recent emails
Change the media room lights from purple to green
Is it going to snow today?
what events are this week
do you like my girlfriend?
Are there any events going on at the library this week?
Email form for regional VP.
hey, how are you?
olly add tomorrows dinner date to the calendar
tell me it again please.
tell joke?
i would not really mind for any one, olly.
PDA what should I do today?
Olly, what is the highest point in the US?
Is there any new jobs are relate to my qualifications
hmm, not correct response.
Director who direct an act
you got the command right.
Update profile on Twitter
Will the sky be overcast
What was the first movie of Morgan Freeman?
Have I received any emails from Shaun?
Make a 'to-do' list while visting the Yellowstone National Park.
it was cool, thanks.
olly that's enough, cancel.
Start a reply to Marleen's most recent email.
the last sentence is not so clear to me.
Add cereal to my shopping list.
What is the price of AMD on the stock market?
What kind of implement is a broiler and how do I use it?
How's Microsoft's stock?
confirm that please.
Play The Jungle Book.
Please arrange to wake me up at 3.00 am alarm
you've done the command right.
that's nice job, appreciated, olly.
Is Beyonce married or divorced?
PDA, Book a taxi/Uber
well done, thank you so much.
take birthday party off of calendar for May
You'll be able to turn that device on or off using your smartphone or tablet
tweet bad servise related to out local Haskell McDonalds
it's great.
Search for classical music and play
Add erosser@hotmail.com as a new contact for Emily Rosser.
PDA what's on the calendar today?
train times to..
How old is Brad Pitt?
Start playing Thinking Out Loud now
My day is going well, add a memo.
Hi google, change the color of lights in my room to red.
please check what last said.
Get the coffee started, please.
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
turn on an alarm for 9am
you didn't understand what i am looking for.
could you please once again elaborate to me.
qwetqwtwqt
Add a reminder to my calendar every year/month/week on this date
what is the forecast?
yeah that is confirmed.
yeap you have done the command perfectly.
What is the area of Alaska
what is the name of this song
Describe this.
Do you want to play a game?
Play all songs from blue genre
Schedule a meeting this Monday with Peter Francis in the afternoon.
Tell me important news today
do I need to carry sunglasses outside
I got drenched in the rain
can you check the details.
you have done it right appreciated, olly.
Is this the hottest day in Mangalore
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
start making a coffee
Add shopping to my calendar for tomorrow.
could you rephrase that further to me.
replay the God of small things
how big is Japan
Can you describe a credit card?
I want to know if The Olive Garden provides takeaway.
Set a meeting with Tom on Tuesday at 9am.
appreciate your answers, olly.
Set a recurring event in my calendar.
I eat breakfast at 8am
Buy me a ticket to take the train to Atlanta.
set a daily meeting for 8am
turn on this socket
ESS WEEK KI SABHI IMPORTANT EVENT KO NOTE KARO.
hey olly check emails
s1, explain further please.
Could you please lower the tone?
whatever the next event is in the calendar, delete it
play music of david guetta.
Remind me about my meeting at 2pm
please elaborate again to me.
please rephrase it further to me.
great response to the command.
up
what about ashwin?
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
could you speak once more please.
add this event with this people
don't mind.
who is Napoleon Hill?
what does 'pda' mean?
Play x playlist next
What is the population of Russia
Parenting
Please change the light to green
Will I need to wear a coat today?
The sun is shinning bright, will we have this weather for the rest of the day?
Play songs by the Beatles please.
play next reason podcast
Hey Olly, what time does the next train depart?
did you get instruction correctly?
list the items on my shopping list olly
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
what you said is not clear.
What news came out about Steve Bannon?
Do I have any off days this week?
find ny train time
Let's make some popcorn and watch an old movie together.
Where is the nearest walmart?
What time is my meeting on Thursday?
Activate robot vacuum cleaner
you've done that right thank you so much.
Latest world news please.
What is the time in New york now.
This is a good tune, please notate file accordingly.
MY CHOICE TO PLAY AN AUDIO FROM MIDDLE OF THE OBJECTS
Alexa write email.
skip this song
I  would like to know the traffic condition
make the lights a different color
i think that's not the right response.
that's amazing.
Define flabbergasted.
Add ketchup to the list
Erase all calendar events
When is the event?
what hour is it in another city
s1, could you once again clarify me on last sentence please.
remind me of my meeting on...
Whats on the radio that I would like
Tweet rude salesperson
play all songs from playlist 'Favorite'
What did I get emailed about this week?
What music is playing?
How old is Jennifer Lopez?
Am I on vacation this week?
Update me with the election results
Turn off all the lights in the living room and den
hey siri chance the current light settings
please can you check the last thing i said.
In which field does that person excel in .
nope, you didn't understand what i just requested.
would you please once again explain me about your words.
Is it going to rain on Monday?
How do I get to Dunkin Donuts in Atlantic City, NJ
announce a comment in facebook
what is this event is called ?which happening my area
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
Snooze all today's alarms permanently.
Open solitaire.  Play with me
tweet a complain about my shoe color on flipkart
Lets play chess together
nice work, you have done well.
how many saturdays are in march?
this song is composed by whom?
would you just stop it please.
I need to cancel my RSVP for dinner this evening. Can you remove it on my calendar as well?
What does settle mean?
Play Solitaire
i'd like you just cancel.
it's awesome, thanks.
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
What is the latest traffic report for Miami.
Jobs in my area for my skill set.
Please turn the volume to the loudest setting.
I need to know the time?
How are you doing today?
I need an email to be sent to comcast.com about my service issues.
What does this word mean?
what is the hottest temperature of alaska in June alexa
what is an orange like
Download certain vocab
What are today's top news stories?
news of the train wreck
play recently added audiobook
how is michael schumacher doing?
Can you do Name That Tune?
What's the weather for this week?
date and time
tweet consumer compalint
tell me your last words said one more time again please.
What are my new contact emails?
turn on repeat
please could you check details.
When does the train to Iowa leave?
Display my list
Tell me what's going on snap chat
would you replay that things you said please.
Can you please buy me a train ticket.
Tell me the area code for Jen K.
yes exact response.
yes you did the command right.
i think you did task all wrongly.
speak again please.
please clarify me more on this.
Are we friends?
Put an alert in my calendar every week.
What are the train times to travel from NYC to Poughkeepsie?
i appreciate it, it's wonderful.
PDA: Clear out the shopping list
PLZ RAISE THE LIGHT, I AM NOT COMFORTABLE AT THIS.
What is the net worth of thew celebrity.
Carlos' Linux upgrade email
yeah that's correct.
Is my golf game going to get rained out?
yes you understood my instructions correcly.
Mark all remaining calendar events for today as cleared
What time will I arrive home if I take this train
Read my unread emails
yeah agree.
Do you like the president?
i don't really mind for whatever.
ask a shopping malls in my area
olly that's enough, stop it.
My favorite singer is shakira
play hip hop playlist
what ingredients do I need for tomato soup
Dim lights in living room
List the curret price of Microsoft shares.
Play audiobook
What is the result of 100 minus 50?
Remind me 2 hours before my Wednesday meeting with Linda
will you replay that please.
send flowers to my gf
whats the crime rate in Chicago
Call a car for me
Make the radio turn on now
book a cab in the evening  for me
tell me something funny
well done, appreciated.
Play the Billboard top 10.
what is the name of the tallest man?
Do they offer takeaway?
Put the disco lights on
Resume the audiobook I listened to last.
appreciated, that's good.
what is current traffic in ohio
PDA, what does AUS stand for?
If I have $2000 in my savings account, how much will I have by the end of the year with interest?
What artist is singing that song?
Are there any new emails yet?
Alert me of my dentist appointment at 2pm.
how do i get to old street?
Can you define a chair
What was the content of message sent by Matt?
this must be some mistakes.
Olly, look up the word 'snafu'.
Are there any delays in traffic today?
Multiply one thousand by twelve.
Let's have the radio on.
Mute volume.
am i going to need to put on sunscreen lotion today?
play new songs by barenaked ladies
order 6 chicken tacos from Chipotle
PDA please set this event on repeat this date
Please Check all new email of Amazon.
show latest news
delete my 6 am alarm
Turn off my smart plug socket.
I have already given Mark his gift today. Please remove him on my Christmas gift list.
Quick reply to jack so please send a mail
Are there any news on the weather?
when can we eat?
Who is Obama?
Was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday?
Give me the WSJ news
Show me my latest social media activity.
yes that's amazing.
Remind me at 8am tomorrow that I have a lunch meeting at noon in the conference room
check for the color requirement
thanks for your helping, olly.
Make a laundry setting for the volume at 20.
Olly tell me where I can go shopping in this area?
Hey Olly what time is it in London now
thanks for reminding me.
Set reminder in calendar.
please set alarm at 5 pm
i do not really care, olly.
how will be the weather tomorrow?
Change lights from red to blue
What are the longest rivers in the world?
Please add haricut to March 27th at 3 pm.
Tweet to the BBB that Burger King is too expensive.
Let's do math
give me all my recent emails
i need to hear that sentence again.
Turn on the radio to a classical station.
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar?
show me tutorials on cooking food
PDA please order take from jason's deli
What is next in my calendar?
Lower the speak volume
Initiate the music on the electronic playlist
Let's play workout playlist
send reply to name
Please search the internet and display the suitable you tube videos for cooking Italian foods.
please check and confirm detail.
sorry but i think that's not the correct answer.
s2, i can't get last sentence.
Olly, where did the first americans settle?
google music find me some Enya to listen to
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL WHEN WE HAVE TO PAY FOR CAR INSURANCE?
How do I make peanut butter cookies?
Play Giants by Banks and Steelz
you have gotten it right.
When does 24 th come in the next week ?
What time do I have down for Susan's Party?
What is the latest news about Obamacare
Where is India located ?
please turn off kitchen light
change the music mode to rock
How far is the distance to RCCG ikoyi Lagos from here by train?
thank you for your answers.
Seach the contact
Find me any news from SO CLEAN the last 6 hours?
change the bedroom lights to green
your words was not so clear.
tell me pizza restaurants close by.
Can you please turn on NPR where I am?
Slightly raise the light.
Define what a wizard is
no, it is not what i wanted.
For how much can we exchange us dollar for indian rupee?
What's on my todo list?
olly can you call a taxi?
send apologies to all the attendees of the upcomming Tavern lunch
please check mails quickely
Put an alarm and wake me up at 6:00 a.m. tomorrow morning.
How old is Rihanna?
what is the purpose of
that is good one, i appreciate it.
List shops in Douglasville GA
please tell me what you have just said one more time again.
your words is not so clear.
Remove event from my list
PDA how many alarms do I have?
Write this complaint to Comcasts customer service twitter
Can you play AR Rahman music
Open note pad
olly put my doctors appointment on the calendar
Open up angry birds
Which day is march 24th?
What time is it now in New York?
pls increase the volume
Ok Google, can you start Ryan Seacrest
What movie should I watch today
Hey PDA, What are my lists?
Let's play a game of chess.
Show me all the shops that I can find in Milan
Please make a list of thing I have to shop tomorrow
How long does it take to get the train from Rome to Paris?
find exchange rate for usd to euro
Book me a return trip from Edinburgh to London by train
Show me the best podcast of folk songs having good rating and play it.
have a anyinput day
Tell me if I should use the train or bus to get across town today?
go to the third episode of this podcast
create new message, to robert @ work, What time you off, From Me, send
Stop making sounds for 40 minutes.
how you will define religion
What time can I call from Pennsylvania and it will be business hours in Australia?
that is all, just stop.
Can you speak a little louder?
What times are my alarms set for
Play Boogie in Your Butt by Eddie Murphy
WHO IS THE PRESIDENT OF AMERICA?
What time does the Zach Brown concert on June 3rd begin?
i am unclear about your answer.
Lower the volume.
What is Nicole McGoat's net worth?
how many muhurtham in this month?
dammit, you've done task in wrong manner.
wouldn't care.
wouldn't mind.
Any good bike shops in Oxford?
What's in my inbox since we last looked?
sorry but i think it is not the right answer.
i would like you to check and confirm my last command please.
this is of no importance.
would you confirm last thing i said please.
could you play You DOn't Bring me Flowers
clear haircut today
How cold is the weather right now?
Please turn off only Right side light
Will I need an umbrella at all this week.
you are my star, thank you very much.
put some music on
what are the effects which will cause when america splits in to three
what is happening during 8am and 5pm today
Our water bill was too high
remind me of mondays meeting
PDA please respond to Greg's email stating that his idea is fantastic.
i want to go to mcdo.
I have a meeting with Justin and Katrina for Friday.
Ok Google, start KIIS FM
What is the increase in stock value over the past week of Disney?
Hey PDA, does that restaurant have takeout?
no, you did not understand what i requested.
your answers was not so clear.
What's happening in Cambridge
explain me further on what you have said please.
you have done it correctly, olly.
Can you find me a train ticket to Montauk?
Set coffee maker to start at three.
what's the weather like on friday?
open subway surfers
shit, i think you've done all wrong.
send mail to ismail for office opening time table.
it is unimportant to me.
Turn off my alarms
Turn off the kitchen lights
could you tell me it once more please.
What is the latest update on the weather in Harrisburg Pennsylvania?
will you help me get better in studies?
Has Tom emailed me about ammunition?
hi send i love you message to my wife
wait, it's not the correct command.
It would be great to dinner in this new opened restaurant downtown
Tell me all the takeaways nearby and I want to order food.
that is enough, cancel.
I've got an important meeting this Sunday noon 2.00PM, don't forget to remind me
play most popular songs by barenaked ladies
today how many alarms do i have set
play fm
What is the chance of precipitation in todays weather?
crack a joke
can you please define it for me
Tell me the song track
Give me today's football match scorecard
Pull up Peking Garden online
PLEASE BOOK A TAXI IN UBER FOR ME TO GO TO THE AIRPORT TODAY.
this does not really matter.
i'd like to hear your phrase spoke again.
What's the weather in Portland?
Tell me time it is.
New e-mail from mom?
Check to see if new emails have come from Title 9
In delhi traffic level too high
When is the school dance junction marked
What is the meaning of a stethoscope?
search
following podcast episode start
Can you see if I have any new emails?
Please switch on my wemo plug socket.
ricky matin
anything would be ok with me.
Replay this song, I really like it.
Hey, Its too hot outside. What is the temperature this afternoon?
Olly, add dinner with Jane on February 12th at 6pm.
Alexa, Turn the lights down to 7
Open chess app and begin game
PDA, What is the current weather conditions in Chicago Illinois?
Remove the doctor's appointment I added to my calendar for February 12th at 9am.
Remove a list no 7.
sorry but this is not the correct answer.
What time does the first train depart from Chicago?
i was unclear about this.
Remove old emails from trash
Play AFI's fourth album
TODAY IS 5TH MARCH, IS IT OR NOT?
Check emails for last 2 hours
Explain the Book of Daniel to me
Olly does Sarah have a new email address listed?
add 'happy new year' to calender
what genre is this?
Reply to the email from John
that's not what i meant to say.
will you check and confirm what i last said.
i want you check the last thing i said please.
do i have any alarms set for today
Olly, change my light color to yellow.
chai point have delivery option,plz check it.
Hi Olly, I will need my coffee brewed at 7am today.
Do I have any new email from Joe?
thats not it please do it again.
today I saw a bulldog
search on his locality
Plesae let me know the current time at New York
I want to hear x playlist next
PDa, what does 1 USD equal in AUS
Tell me a clean joke
Hey Olly, make a list of names starting with vowels and ending with vowels
How long should I cook a steak to be medium?
i want some curry to go, any recommendations olly?
meeting reminder
bing directions
could you start over please.
What are the synonyms of placid?
Olly if any new news comes out about the flood can you let me know right away.
Where is...
What traffic is there on the route to the Pittsburgh airport?
Is it going to rain today in Columbus?
are there any emails unread by this person
Tune in some radio
Play music from workout playlist
Please tweet the following to Radisson Hotels Customer Service...
Give me some lavender-toned light
Pull up the lists in my notes
Repeat previous song.
Take x of the list
what is the current time in New York
Where is my order?
i am sorry but you have messed up with my request.
can i get takeaway from Arby's
don't mind for whatever.
Give me the time in London
yeah that was confirmed.
Veganism
Olly, Double cappuccino small, please.
Where is Justin Beiber from?
How much does General Tsos chicken cost a Peking Garden?
what in on my to do list of events
would you please further rephrase me on the last sentence.
Buy a train ticket from Lakeland, Florida to New York, New York
sorry but i think you are not right.
GIVE AN FULL DETAILS OF PDA'S
PDA, how do I poach an egg?
Can you show me a list of all my recent commands?
dammit, i think incorrect.
Move to next section
Send email to Rajesh
Play real racing 3 game
Find me the distance and direction by train to RCCG in Ikoyi Lagos?
Check the status of my power usage
How tall is Jennifer Aniston?
Tell me when my next meeting is.
pls turn off  all the lights in my house
Please clear my calendar for tomorrow.
PDA please confirm the weather for the 13th of this month.
could you check it.
uhh no, i think that's wrong response.
yeah it's good.
PDA can you remind me to meet with Jesse next Saturday.
Is Alaska a Republican or Democratic state?
Delete my appointment tomorrow
What year did Michael Jackson die?
that would be all.
Raise living room lights half way
What is this thing?
tweet a complaint to local municipality
What is todays date
play chess with me please
Currency converter please
Start Roomba.
turn down the speakers
Give me Moscow time
get command exactly.
Catcha a ride!
could you elaborate more on it please.
would you repeat the last please.
whats the time in denver?
please could you check and confirm last thing i said.
thank you so much for your help.
Please crank up Huey Lewis and The News.
can you check and confirm detail please.
Tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long.
What is a good way to make steak?
How do I make Tuna Casserole from scratch?
Put my dinner at Red lobster on the calendar for today at 9.
please tell me one more time.
Turn off WiFi when you leave home to save power
What's the current time in Orlando, FL?
What's the weather next Wednesday?
Hey, what's a head cheese?
nope, this was not what i wanted.
what is the best way to live?
will you reset it please.
Local News
play next doctor who episode
Show me omorrows weather in this area.
Put my brother's birthday in my calendar for July 4th.
What alarms do I have set right now?
Is that person living currently ,If yes where and how old is that person now.
s1, please elaborate further on it to me.
get your understanding right.
choose contact
what's the time in australia
The list contain what ?
Lead the way to the place!
play nexy availabel podcast
Tell me about blank
Need to post the status. Kindly assist.
hmm, this isn't what i wanted.
Does it fall a sunday on 5th december?
give detail of next week weather.
Set up a meeting with Jack for Tuesday.
PDA, where do cows come from?
PDA remove the hip show from my schedule on April 2nd.
PLease shut off
Please remove the grocery list from my set of lists.
i would like to hear your last the procedure said again.
please let's start over.
can you find me a train ticket to go to las vegas
how far does my dollar go in Japan
keep playing the episodes in order
play pong against me
suggest movies and songs that I would like, but that aren't necessarily like ones I've already said I like
What's the current breaking news about the economy?
When is my food going to be here?
pls turn off the lights in bedroom
this doesn't matter to me.
It looks sunny and clear today, is that true?
Remove the fundraiser for dolphines in April.
would you tell me one more again please.
I want to listen to podcast about rock n roll.
i don't mind for whatever.
kill item
what is the difference in value of a dollar and a peso
Olly, can we listen to Reply All podcast
Get me the updates of the election polling.
I AM NEED OF AN EVENING RAIN COAT
Start up bejeweled
how many number of fans does that person have  approximately.
Remind me about my business meeting at 3:45pm
Change the light colour to
What is the weather this week for Miami
check emails from {contact}
that is helpful,.
Please play Candle in the Wind.
Is the city cheaper or costlier to live
Can you put on love playlist?
Please brief me about this week's weather
what food is good?
Tell me what's happening next Thursday.
Olly you need to give me different directions
appreciate the answers.
alert me at
best bar in local area
What will the weather be like this week?
Olly, remove standup on Friday at 10am
please put on radio
the weather updated to the PDA using SPB Weather.It either updates forecasts from Intellicast or Weather.com, both rather poor for my site.
Alexa, i need a train ticket for today to Chicago.
remind me to check the oven in 15 minutes.
PDA: I've got $300 for the month, how much can I spend every day this month?
How is this song titled?
How much time do I have to boil an egg?
Go the the station FM 96.5
please would you cancel.
15.02.17
Olly, can I please have a cafe Americano?
you are leading me into wrong.
Search Nandy containing payment
add carrots to the list.
Decrease brightness
Should we expect rain this afternoon?
can you book a train ticket to Berkeley for me
book a train ticket with a berth seat to Lucknow for next week
PDA, send an email for me.
Skip this podcast
I need to reply to this email.
I would like a coffee now.
i want you just stop.
you understood my instructions right.
Tweet complaint to consumer service
I want to know how cold is it outside today?
you've done it correctly, olly.
Play Rush Limbaugh
mention event in calendar with others
Please give me a 2 hour warning before next Saturdays meeting.
that doesn't matter with me.
Ok Google, start reggae music
Cortana, turn corner light on
Please remove the first list.
Schedule a meeting with Matt at 11am on Thursday.
What day of the week is 16th
PDA name: get rid of xxxx from the list
Email my boss that I'm coming in late today.
play work from home song
I need a ticket on the train to New York City tomorrow
you've done it correctly thank you very much.
I want to know more about the fair this weekend.
What is the definition of pwd
That's a good song
What are the traffic conditions currently.
currency rates
s1, please clarify me about your answers once again.
Show me the meetings held last three month
Play NPR Podcast
that's useful, thank you very much.
i am sorry but i think that is not the right response.
that was not what i was looking for try it again.
Where can I go shopping here?
Turn down the lights in the living room
What is the time in the Eastern timezone?
make coffee for me
I want to make a note on my calendar for the event tommorow at the library
Did Dan send me any emails?
Whats the scoop
Call and order pizza for delivery
yeah fantastic response to the command.
you did great work, thank you.
look up a lamp
Turn off sound.
Add my sister on calendar for pedicures on Friday.
Let's play that song again
don't get this.
alexa add sam@gmail.com to my contacts list
make a reminder of location A on calendar .
how big is ohio
What events are on my calendar?
book an uber to the nearest mall in the next half hour
What are my plans for the month of May?
could you tell me who's birthdays are there in feburary
Please list all my alarms
Ho wlong should I cook a steak to achieve medium rare?
please save that song
Mark this song as a favorite.
What's on my list today?
Change the lights to blue Olly.
Report weather for Largo.
Can you sync my calendar with mark?
Siri, how much is a train ticket
Start radio, station 107.5 fm
who is the music director of this song
Play Bilando
Please contact Michael M from my list with this text.
Remove my 1:30 appointment.
Compose new email to <email address>
Let me know when it is 10:00.
Open a reply message
Siri, shuffle playlist
Please open a reply to the email.
From 4 to 6, when do I have a free break?
PDA: Turn the radio to 106.7 FM
Please alert me when John emails me
do you think time travel is possible?
What are departure/arrival times for (specific station)?
I'd like to hear some oldies songs.
please would you tell me one more time again.
any one is fine for me, olly.
Find me square root of forty nine
Switch to my workout playlist
Play the latest rock songs having rating of 4 or above.
whats the recipe for oats cookie
no, let me say it again.
once again elaborate me on your response please.
r
What song do I play most?
i would not really know.
What are my appointments for 12pm to 4 pm?
What is the headline from today's morning local news?
What is the current mountain time
Show me the shops that are in the area.
will you check what i said please.
Show current events around me
can you please check my last command.
remove the latest alarm
Tweet a complaint to Apple that their battery life is terrible
I want to find some Chinese food, what is near me?
yeap correct response to command.
set my alarm please
start playing dubstep
load my playlist titled country favorites and play it
hollywood
i have no idea about what to select.
LIGHTS turn off
meeting ___ set reminder
Check how many likes did I got on my most recent post?
Whay is the geographic area of Sudan
Play anything by Cat Stevens and I'll be happy
What is happening in the election
Change the lights in my home to orange.
Could you please schedule a meeting with this person
play wuthering heights from where i left off
Please list my query.
Skip forward to the next episode of this podcast.
Play me something pop
Remove item
Tell me if there are any events from three to five
What music do I like?
Is calendar event true?
start robo vac
play old classic music
Are there any new NPR Op-Eds about Trump today?
s1, will you please further rephrase me about what you said now.
Please delete list titled KICKBALL.
make the lights pink at the house
What are the show timings?
get me resume of best seller audio-book this month
yeap you did that perfectly.
will you check and confirm detail please.
When is St. Patrick's Day?
Any good movies?
Is it going to snow tomorrow?
stock market
tweet a complaint about my refrigerator to LG
hmm, this is not what i asked.
tell me the date today
Tennis
Define diverse?
please will you check and confirm it.
tell me the movie with best IMDB ratings going on in theatres near me
give weather stat for the week
Lists
what a wonderful song. can you save what i just said, for me?
Find turkey meatball recipe.
Remind me of dinner with mom tonight on my calendar
i am sorry but it's not the correct answer.
Can you tell me how to measure my shoe size?
PDA add Dale@gmail.com to my contacts.
ems pda
compare prices or dairy items in local shops
Will the train be late today in New York?
what is piramid
Look up what this word means
What's the time of day right now?
swivel the light to off
Cortana, can you turn on Pandora?
call me for this meeting
Send an email to Peter and ask him how is he now. Can I do something to help him.
What home alarms have been set?
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
set frequency of the radio
What does one have to damage in cream to make butter?
Can you get me a cup of coffee
ask a pub in My area
hmm, i think you did that all wrong.
sarasigmon123@gmail.com
Do I need a coat?
Hey Olly, can you please make me a creamy coffee?
Play NCAA Match Kentucky vs Arizona live
i would like you to check the question please.
Resume play of American Gods.
find stock price for name
PDA, can you turn off the smart socket.
i'd like you to check the details please.
Play Get Happy by Ella Fitzgerald
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
i didn't ask for this.
can i have podcast of tvf
Can you play kxly for me?
show traffic in ohio
Reply the email of Charles with just thank you, right now
Turn on my playlist of country music.
Play previous episode.
add contacts n mail
What's the best way to sharpen a butcher knife?
what do you want to talk about?
Any new email from the boss?
yeah good response.
PDA: Add a notification from Bob's news on the weather
date in new york
what's up olly
Describe (insert) for me please
Please find description of the newest Canon Rebel camera.
Give me election updates.
what date is the fourth monday of march this year?
Can you book an uber tomorrow?
Email my boss that I will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting.
Olly read my lists to me
Who is the current Prime Minister of Russia
PDA remind me on the 25th I have to go to Chad's birthday party.
Tell me about my alarms
Delete my dentist appointment.
Rap
will you please further elaborate it.
Can I know the breaking news from CNN?
good work, you have done well, olly.
that's great job, thank you so much.
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
Echo I want to listen to my playlist will you play it now.
Tell a joke that puts smile on my face
find and play workout playlist
whatever, olly.
say some jokes
send email to Chris tell him i will be late
WETHER IT WOULD BE SUNNY IN CALIFONIA
start a small chart
Turn on talk radio
Task, meeting
world news
send an invitation email to marilia
kishore17051985@gmail.com
Post a status on my twitter account
OLLY, SEND MOM AN EMAIL TO REMIND HER TO MEET ME FOR LUNCH TODAY
Olly, i fell at work today.
Siri, tweet to @Target, your store #Cincinnati, Ohio TriCounty store is messy!
Play it again please
Go to channel 106.9
drop {item} from list
Do i need a jacket this afternoon
clear my calender all events
Get rid of
Denmark geographic location?
Please set reminder.
what kind of lists do i have
Checkout today third set alarm.
describe rock sand
would not care.
I want you to make alert in the evening about upcoming meeting
what's the latest news about US election?
What will the daily temperatures run this week?
How many kids jackie chan does have
doesn't really matter with me.
Siri, skip two songs
Please Siri, put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival Diwali
Activate the vacuum
Shoutcast.com.
Please tell me the closest convenience store to my house.
this weeks weather forecast
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
where is yellowstone park located?
You want to know how my day went?
i want to drink the coffee that you made
Search for trains leaving tonight for London
will you explain further on what you've said please.
olly play some rap music
Hey. You there?
What year was Chuck Norris born?
you did answer exactly.
what month is today
Tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job.
tell me what you just said once again please.
would you check it please.
What are the train times at Millenium Station departing toward Indiana today
Read out my list
Do I have any new friend requests?
yeap you got your understanding right.
what new is happening in business according to the economist
how much is the us dollar worth in canada?
Are there any events happening this weekend?
Start playing music from favourites
Remove the board meeting and reschedule for next Wednesday
Take me to MC Donalds
Repeat the last song
get me resume of newest release audio-book
i need to hear the last spoke again.
Please check my inbox and tell me if there are any new arrivals
Will I need to wear a jacket next Wednesday?
I like vocals.
hi google pls remove the birthday event on coming sunday
Tweet the following:  DirecTv has horrible customer service.
Delete item from my list
what was the first car made
Turn on the plug.
Remind me of the meeting on tuesday
Open the internet.
I want to hear  <song>
back one episode
well done, thank you so much, olly.
Could you turn the light off?
next episode of NYT podcast
I would like my PDA to write original romantic messages for my wife.
i don't really care, olly.
you've done the task incorrectly.
Should I wear galoshes today?
Give me the last news about Iphone
please could you check question.
what time zone is in cuba?
How old is Mariah Carey?
There are anything in my list.
Play racing
please would you confirm what i said.
Today some things happened
Where do most celebrities hang out?
Inform me about meetings.
please will you tell me one more time again.
Please remind me.
is summer going on?
Britney Spears
What's the weather like outside?
listen to radio
What are the local events?
Turn off all of my alarms
Start the robot vacuum cleaner at 1pm today.
Get rid of all events with Jeff.
PDA, show me cooking websites.
what is name?
Will the pizza be here soon?
where Ashwin hasted?
can you play beats 1 rtadio
will you rephrase this again to me please.
Please read what is on my grocery list.
Next week their is a show at the pub can you make a reminder
Bring up calendar and schedule meeting with Ri, April 1st 10AM
what time is it in someplace?
Play next episode
Do I have email from my friend Rachel?
closest chipotle
Please start <insert vacuum name>
play {song title} by {artist}
How many euros can I get for 1 dollar?
I want to figure out the stock on microsoft
tell exchange rate of pound
Base on my audiobook collection, get me recommendation related audio-book I should listen, get and play me the resume.
will you confirm that please.
Please tell me the top global news headlines.
The song playing now is released by which artist?
I want to know what time it is.
Olly, rotate the light colors.
Oliver will send me an email on Thursday and please set up a calendar appointment for our meeting based on the date he will provide on that email.
olly, look up beyonce wikipedia
erase my calender
What is a shoal?
it's not the right response.
Remove all scheduled events on my calendar please.
about vijay
i'd like to hear what i've just said again.
I would love it to be able to physically lift/maneuver objects
My vacuum cleaner should start between 10 to 11am everyday
you've done that right thank you very much.
What is the temperature in Indianapolis, Indiana?
I won't be getting an oil change for my car today
News headlines
Are there any forecasts of rain or snow this week?
will you please check detail.
Dentist appointment today at 9 am
it seems like olly's command was not right.
you are my star, musch appreciated.
please would you reset that.
Send an email to my friend say birthday wishes
Please check on the live football matches this weekend
lets get a taxi!
what is rock?
Pull up the menu for the closest Mexican restaurant?
post a status 'Happy birthday mom' on FB
What is SO CLEAN news for the last 6 hours?
what does my schedule look like today
open events this week
resume last played audiobook
Turn off living room lights.
Tell me length and star ratings
it's good work, thank you.
PDA, make the lights blue in here.
Tell me what my next events are?
Please keep me up to date on <insert topic here>
i didn't quite catch up with you.
forward this one
What is the weather going to be like this week.
how much is the euro worth vs us dollar?
Who sang the song that is currently playing?
let us try again please.
What alarm time had you set?
Where should I avoid this morning?
tweet my internet provider that their service is sluggish
I need to know the price of Amazon stock.
Please on the music
Increase the volume to max, please.
What was the last movie Will Smith was in?
should I wear rainboots
How many pending reminders do I have?
nice to talk to you
Go back to the midnight series.
Siri, what does obstacle mean?
you are the best, musch appreciated.
When I get home, can you please order a pizza?
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
Find new music from Jars of Clay for me
Play for me the music by Madonna
how long do you cook it
CAN TO PLAY CCN NEWS FOR ME?
Please sent this email to my friend
The Time
Please delete next meeting with Rajesh.
PDA, start list.
Remind me to wash the windows.
New list please
pull up trump stories
Set notification from world news
traffic report
initiate classical music.
Turn on new smart socket
will you replay what you have said please.
did you get last thing i said correctly?
play the podcast:
Send mail to Mom. I am planning vacations with her nest week.
Hello is this your first time here?
EXCHANGES RATES ANY PROBLEMS
put on my calendar meeting with Ms. Boland on Wednesday 8:00am
I am interested in what emotions are conveyed in Grateful Dead music
create a birthday wish reminder for tommorrow at 10 AM
shit, this was not what i was looking for.
Find Joel Osteen's broadcast on sirius?
can you tell me the date today
Olly, what is the forecast in town today?
have no idea regarding to what to do.
My favorite music is rock from the early two thousands.
Any important emails within the last hour?
nope, you gave me not right information.
minimize the lights
Are there any interesting stuff happened today in my Twitter
Do I need a sweater?
remind upcoming meeting with eminem
i am sorry but you don't get me.
Find some classical music by Beethoven and play it.
Repeat daily activity.
Shuffle music.
hi, how was your day today?
Olly, get me a local restaurant.
play a classical.
Do I have any meetings tomorrow?
29th march comes on what day?
Search and play the best of Mike Eden songs.
Tell me when will indias economy touch that of Americas.
What's happening in my social media
PDA, Should I take a rain coat for later?
perfect job, you did well.
start next podcast
Where was Kelly Clarkson born?
Do I have any thing going on at 5
Can I hear the joke about the old woman again?
Let's play a game of Truth or Dare.
I'd like to know what time it is right now.
Up the brightness on these lights.
Give me a list of lists.
put alarm on
I FAVORITE SINGER IS ARIJIT SINGH, FIND HIS VOICE ON RADIO.
Yesterday at noontime, in Times Square, what was the protest about?
Play playlist WORKOUT
I want to know how many feet are in a mile?
Tell me my list
PDA, cut the lights off
Give me a recipe for lasagne
Alexa, I want to remove the wedding function on saturday
Has Tom emailed me?
Daily news
Show me the latest news about the elections
Please Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
Should I bring an umbrella today?
Olly, add lunch appointment with Lisa to January 2nd at 12:30pm
What is Julia Roberts natural hair color?
go to radio
i think that's not the correct answer.
Get me the local train timing to destination CSTM.
i would like to hear that again.
Please play next song.
please lower the lights a little bit
Let me see cultural events for this weekend in Palermo neighborhood
you have done it correctly thanks.
it isn't what i am searching for.
Where is George W. Bush from?
show local events near me
I want to play rock songs by Ozzy Osbourne
What is the USA-Chinese exchange rate?
Send email to Mom and wish her a happy birthday
All March events in RCCG is to be added to my calender
Show me the current time in Germany.
can you check and confirm question.
please warm up coffee machine
dammit, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
Will I need sunscreen today?
Show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
did you watch the news about the car accident that happened last night
what is the time right now?
get me the number for local taxi service
play the song let it go
play am
what is a funny joke about car
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
For how much is HP selling for?
I would like my PDA to take my dog outside to go the bathroom
Send an email to Rae telling her my phone is back in service
I want to hear The Bob Cesca show
What are all the lists I have available?
Show me the directions for going to Boston via Seattle.
no, i think wrong response.
How old is David Bowie?
Can you please order some food for me?
Turn off lights in all bathrooms
how much is a train ticket to chicago?
send a post in instagram
Transition to another color for the lights
yes it was perfect.
What's EUR USD right now?
WHAT'S ON MY CALENDAR THIS WEEK?
What's your favorite color?
Can you tell me on tuesday to give Jane a call?
i'd like you to check and confirm my last command please.
Please list active alarms
Did any emails come for me in the last 5 hours?
let's try the utterance one more time please.
Go on, sweet talk me
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
Please delete this list for me
Delete the monthly recurring team meeting till June.
Spotify curreny song
PDA, play Poker Face by Lady Gaga
Is it sunny?what' s the temperature?
please can you say it once again.
you are awesome, thank you, olly.
What is Motorola going for today?
add an event
Olly, I had chicken for lunch and it was delicious!
you have understood my instructions correcly.
Add Yoga class at noon to my schedule for the next three Sundays.
Is my work alarm set for tomorrow?
tallest building
book Ola cab for now
what is the sum/total/square root/etc of ____ (and___)
i did not say this.
will you turn the alarm off for me?
COULE YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHICH IS THE GOOD BAR WITH FOOD?
that is enough, just stop it.
would you try that words spoke one more time again.
What's happening on BBC news today?
give me a cooking tutorial
Will it rain in Toronto next Tuesday?
On every tuesday remind me to go shopping.
can you say one more time again please.
Do I need to bring my snow jacket today?
Explain to me about what different countries are represented in the Book of Revelation
Complain to the DMV office about the excessively long line.
how many contacts do I have in my phone book?
Does Mary's birthday party start at 7:00?
i would like to hear the last one you said again.
What do I have planned today?
capacity , new technics of audio capacity, retrieval capabilities for personal or business use...etc.
Facebook Status: Loving that sunrise
listen carefully instructions.
Please set a reminder of Raju marriage on 31/03/2017
Can you open up and start composing a email
please fix the incorrect command.
Tell me what time it currently is.
Did anyone like my photo I just posted?
Only 99.9 FM is to be played on the radio
thank you for your answer.
Start the robot vacuum cleaner.
What music is currently playing on 99.9FM?
Please Play only sad song in music player.
using play/pause button
Play songs from favorite
Get me some latte please.
could you check the last thing i said please.
Open Twitter and add complaint on Doctor Patel's feed.
Can you turn on the demo plug socket?
I want topics on latest news
PDa, show me Chinese food near me
is there some play can I go tonight in the city?
Create a new list called Grocery Store, please.
Have you heard any good jokes lately?
What are the names of all my saved lists
check calendar for events
Olly, what are some restaurants near me?
PDA: skip ahead to the next podcast
When is it?
yeah it's amazing.
Show me my meeting for the next month
Schedule a one hour appointment for Saturday.
Can you make it a little quieter?
Just set me reminders about pending payment of childreen school fees
Please destroy this list.
anything new on insta
Remove list from the database.
Is it raining later today?
Can you please give me John's email?
Show me the time.
give a hand to this game.
I need you to get me up at 6am
At 11am tomorrow, remind me of my 3pm meeting.
please make sure your command was correct because it doesn't sound right.
open a reminder about next weeks managers meeting on tuesday
How many songs did Michael Jackson write?
play david bowie playlist
PDA, put Poker Face by Lady Gaga next in the play queue.
please say the utterance said again.
What is the news from that newsource?
What went on in the world today?
please set event on monday
s2, i don't catch that.
Set lights brightness higher
Please check email from matrimony
Whats up with the new provider?
Will it rain this week?
Where is the worlds highest falls?
show me articles about the new iPhone 8
What's the latest news from CNN?
find contact
please will you further clarify me on that.
Olly I want out tonight! What's on?
s2, i don't get your words.
have no idea about what to do.
PDA do you have a traffic update?
show conversion rate of usd and eur
Are there any new snaps on Snapchat?
about  todays headline news
Am I going to need to wear a rain coat this week?
What is a neutral density filter and would I want a gradient one or a solid one. Also which would be better in style between the screw on one and the square ones.
Remove 7am alarm.
Remove wyatt's birthday party on my calendar
Play the urban radio station
<unk> on
place alarm at 5 o'clock morning
yes you have done that exactly.
Give me a current traffic report.
customize the tab to display your preferred time period
I want to send email to jack@gmail.com
cancel the milk from the shopping list
What does 1+1equal?
Play Football news from RadioOne
rmove shop list
Help me start my kitchen list.
olly would you please shut off.
What time is it in New York City?
Send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china.
s2, i am not clear about this.
would you check that.
Play Blackeyed pees song
Will you send a calendar invite out to James and Alice for brunch at 11 am on Tuesday?
Start a list of dog names.
Disable smark socket.
Start my movies soundtrack list.
End pause on audio book history of Rome
Please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code 29978?
Post birthday greetings to friends on facebook whose birthday is today.
Current Events
my trip to goa photo,post it on instagram.
I want to know the stocks of Amazon
PDA I am leaving early today.
olly please cancel.
Today I ran into my old friend Bob.
Put me in on Tuesday, the 21st at ten with Al
really i don't mind, olly.
Please turn on the radio to a random station, Ally.
it's great one.
tell me news from canada
set new reminder to every day
Which religion is most true?
Olly what is the capital of California?
stop, i think that's not the correct command.
Akhilesh Yadav get alignment with Rahul Gandhi for U. P. election.
Domino's has takeaway, right?
Olly, what is the most recent update regarding the hurricane Katrina?
it's helpful, thank you, olly.
will you check my last command please.
update me
is weather normal today?
Do I have any appointments scheduled for March 24, 2017?
Please provide me more info.
hmm, i did not say this.
new item for list
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct command.
please repeat the last sentence said.
Power off/on!
Give me a 3 day notification before my chemistry exam please.
send email to <unk>
wd
I fancy some coffee now
Play Spotify
could you again elaborate me on that.
add event for date and time with these people
your answer was not so clear to me.
Start the Dogwalking playlist.
post comment from my phone on facebook alexa
set event
invite jack for meeting tomorrow
Siri, how do make a BLT?
i think this is not the right command.
tell me that one more time again.
Brighten the lights a little bit.
where is the party?
Please modify my calendar with this event.
I hope tomorrow will be better.
Alexa, play song Over the rainbow
Do I have an Amazon list saved?
Show me the meetings held last month
recite the schedules of the list.
What's around tonight?
thanks for listening.
What makes something head cheese?
Could you repeat this event?
don't mind for any one.
play my bookmarked audiobook
Meeting july calender
Get me Tom's number
Play Nakumukka
do homework for me please!
Could you list out the information on book fairs in Washington D.C. for next week?
Please look up local restaurants that are open now.
nope, you are incorrect.
any one is okay to me.
yeah answer was correct.
What does tacobell stand for?
Add apahelp@yahoo.com to my contacts.
Olly, do I need to wear boots?
Open CNN app
show all emails of contract
book next NY train ticket
what you've said is not clear to me.
Google I need to call my mom will you check her work number for me.
PDA, how is my schedule for the day?
Book a train for me
Please dim the overhead lights
no, you gave me not correct information.
What's new on iTunes?
what is the skedule on
is angeline having a new movie this year
Alexa, please play the Broods
Please send pedro a email about his car
Give me my list.
What is on my rap playlist?
thanks but i think got me wrongly.
Ex that
Show traffic
Tral Encounter: 2 Terrorists Killed In Encounter In South Kashmir, 1 Policeman Dies
How to cook Crabmeat?
Tell me the last thing I had you look up for me
Tell me the percentage of the chance of rain in Seattle, Washington for today.
Olly, commence coffee making.
it was helpful, thank you so much.
i am sorry but i think this is not the correct response.
it is cool, thank you, olly.
what you just said was not so clear to me.
Please power down.
Play my game
where are the boston redsox playing next
Post a tweet as follows' very bad follow up by abc company. Not satisfied' in my account
hi, what are you doing.
Olly, it's too bright in here can you turn a light off?
Please raise the volume of speaker
How tall is Lebrom James
What do they have going on at young circle this week?
Tweet a message to suq.com that I am still waiting for my delivery
What do I need to pick up at the grocery store?
Notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
it's helpful, appreciated.
buying of groceries new lsit
please remind this sunday to go to mass
bbc breaking news
elaborate me about your answers further.
will you retry what said.
How about you save this music?
What is happening in the world news?
have i made loss in which stocks
8 AM in Manila is what in New York?
clear calendar events all
Book a train ticket on the 502 in 15 minutes
Begin vacuum cleaning
are there any shopping centers nearby
Important house information
Google find the new email address for Bill that I added Friday.
Please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to New York
wait, i think that was not the correct response.
oh it was great one.
could not understand your answers.
what is a sloth
What would happen if healthcare in the United States where free?
Show me the date of today
Can you tell me if I have any alarms set?
I want to hear study playlist.
How many Inches are in a foot
start angry bird
what and how is india's economy at the moment?
Hey Olly, I want to get trains to Manchester on Wednesday.
PDA, what is the weather of this week?
Reply to Sarah's email.
Daily news from source
Olly recommend an event happening in my area.
email my contact with the following message
Order some fried chicken from Church's Chicken via Grubhub.
Is there anything new in my email folder?
Write on twitter that customer service in this location is horrible
COULD YOU REMIND ME TO TAKE MY CAR FROM GARAGE BECAUSE I MAY GO FOR A LONG DRIVE.TODAY .
stop it.
i am sleepy
Tell me more about my events.
Tell me about UMF
Who is leading the Formula 1 race right now?
Delete the first item on the list
check what just said please.
please add my next meeting
Can you give me directions from McDonalds, Manhattan to my home.
What are the top world news stories?
Can you tell me about the meetings that have occured this month?
What ingredient can be used instead of saffron
What was the subject of my last email to Tom?
record the opinion of each individual about this song.
play me a radio channel for trance music
you did wonderful work, appreciated.
When it is 9:00 in the East, what time is it in the West?
will it rain on friday PDA?
Is Steph Curry married?
What time does the last train arrive in Dallas?
Scan my inbox for any new emails from Robert.
please just stop.
i want to hear what i've just said again.
MERE FAVORITE SONGS KO TUNE KARO.
any one will be ok for me.
it's cool, thank you so much, olly.
have no idea about what to do, olly.
i was not so clear about your answers.
What do I have pending?
I need two pizzas STAT!
Find places to eat near my home.
Does Obama have a Twitter?
PDA, clear all events from March 7.
Can you play the podcast from tomatojuice.com?
I like this song.
power down the plug socket 1.
s1, will you clarify me further on your response please.
Add a new notifier for the GPS On my car.
Where is located the biggest waterfall in the world?
resume playback
Tell me when my next doctors appointment is?
Start my audio book from where I left off.
i am sorry but it's not the right response.
PDA can you look up and add John's old email to my contacts again?
What street do i take to get to downtown?
Delete the song What If in my music.
Buy an Acela train ticket on Thursday.
what alarms are set
save <unk>
Report alarm settings.
math courses
Hey Olly, order a pizza pie with extra cheese.
I cant hear a thing
Please play Michael Jackson album
I need the lights raised,  can you do that Olly?
I want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes.
what is the time train coming from sacramento
elaborate again to me please.
you have done your understanding exactly.
Remind me to have launch with boss today at 1 pm.
i want to hear the last you just said again.
Hey Olly, schedule a meeting with Mr. Ross for this Friday noon.
yes you get it exactly.
Minimize the light power
Olly How do I cook a pasta?
Play my music I have programmed.
Olly it's too dark I can't even see my hands
All food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list.
Which are well reviewed movies by Emma Watson
alexa give me the definition for the world pontificate
that's amazing, olly.
is there any new emails?
go to social media and post the following status
This item should be removed from list
Read me the email from Mom, including the subject.
Play Thinking Out Loud now
how do i cook rise
Please play music.
what is the date today?
Do you think it's going to rain tommorow?
I want to book a train ticket
alexa should i bring extra water with me today?
set up a train ticket for next week friday
can you remind me of Sunday gym every Saturday evening
Play 6 music for me
what will be the temperature out there tomorrow?
i did not ask for that.
Do I have any calendar events today?
find out the public holidays this month
What is the news today in Polk County, Florida?
how much is a dollar worth compared to a yen
What do you get when you multiply 16 by 9?
Do I need to wear a heavy coat today?
meeting tuesday noon
play classic songs
Place a take out order at Olive Garden.
Remind me to pick up Linda at 5 in the evening on 7th.
say the last spoke once more.
hmm, it is not what i wanted.
will you repeat.
Siri, open Twitter, tweet @scapingyards you missed the entire side of the left patio when you pressure washed
i like you to confirm the detail please.
Find a train going from Prague to Brno
Do you know Jessica Snout's phone number?
Do not wake me up on weekends.
Send an email to my boss.
Turn off the socket
Remove the list of person starting from letter M in my contact list
Email George Brown
Where is an Olive Garden that does takeaway?
show latest email from Mark, Olly
Next Thursday I need to be reminded to call the bank
Bypass certain passwords
Remind me about tomorrows meeting
Find Twitter handle of Tom Cruise
PDA can you define this word
how is pav bhaji cooked?
do not really mind for whatever, olly.
that is not the right answer.
ah that is great one.
Remind me about the meeting in 1 hour.
Are there any status updates on Fox News Facebook page?
I need to know why girls are so different to man, explained as science man
please can you confirm it.
title?
please give me details of Allen from my contact
Shut off the socket
I need to create a new to do list.
Remove vegetables from the list
Please find out the share price of Microsoft in Nasdaq
please explain how you use a computer.
Delete all events and content from my calender.
shut down please.
you have done that right thanks, olly.
When was Madonna born
emails now
When is the next train to B street?
Delete my meeting for tomorrow.
search for gluten free menus
what going on, PDA?
Go to Sirius and play the hip-hop channel
s1, again explain me on what you have said please.
Alarm 5 PM
first week of march meetings
yes fantastic response to the command.
What is the time at Singapore when or time is 5 pm
Can you play my favorite audio book of Tarzan?
what are the headlines on cnn
How do I braise a pork loin?
create a new list of ....
Olly have i gotten any emails from mom lately?
what is the weather this friday
Plesae let me know the current time at London
PDA, please send an email to my family.
sorry but i think you're not correct.
PDA, what are the events happening around me today?
Open news
Please check and tell me about the reminders i have placed today
tell me once more.
it's not what i just requested.
I want some jazz music to play.
i am sorry but that's incorrect answer.
Find me a train ticket to Cleveland on April 14th
yeap correcly.
Is there a connecting train from London to Paris and what time?
Give me the weekly weather near me.
Look up etymology in google.
Do I have any new emails from John Smith?
Can you play some Jazz
How is your day going?
Do I have a lunch date today?
Can you mute my speaker.
Please turn on my smart plug socket.
Who is the top of the music chart for 2017?
i am sorry but you messed up.
Please play the local Latin music channel on the radio,
What is the value of pound in Rupees?
What do you know about Mary?
Run the vacuum.
it is useful,, olly.
what are my reminders today
What is the wake up time for my alarm I have set for the flight this weekend?
a lot a feasible time
dammit, it isn't what i wanted.
that is unimportant.
wouldn't bother, olly.
i don't mind to select any one.
remind me to buy ham when I am in the shop next time
PLEASE PLAY MY FAVORITE POP SONGS FROM MY LIST.
thanks for your answer.
Dim the lighting in my living room
could you please help me in listening to the radio.
I need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
How do you solve 3-2?
Find the Serial podcast and play it
Please set an event at 10 am one month and two days from now to have a garage sale at my house
explain more on that to me please.
i'd like to hear it again.
no, i think you did not get this right.
sorry but you didn't get it correctly.
Open up my sister's email from yesterday, click reply, and turn on voice activation for my response.
PDA: Make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color, please
Tweet for me the complaint about potholes on road
PDA, Can you send the email to the new email id?
Which day of week is the 24 th ?
this was not correct command.
could you please check and confirm instruction.
could you please tell me what time is in singapore.
Call a taxi to pick me up right now.
Please turn off any lights that are still on.
it seems like your answer was not right.
current world news
What is IBM's stock worth?
check the last thing said please.
Current weather
Delete everything in my calendar.
Any new email from John?
Tell me about Donald Trumps early life
check the detail please.
thank you very much, olly.
i would like it to help with coding/debugging
What is the condition of traffic from work to home.
I pick up raincoat today with me or not.
Turn off the closet light
Cancel my 5pm daily call
What is the current value of 10k yen in american money?
book a local cab
alexa tell me AMD stock prices
Distance to local landmarks
Add this song for the next playing song
Olly, please delete my lunch date from the March 23rd schedule.
Start the League of Legends game.
How tall are giraffes?
Schedule an alarm to wake me up after 3 hours.
Order a medium pizza with pepperoni and bacon on its
Cross bananas from my list
Turn on vacuum
yes right response to the command.
elections in UP
Is Starbucks' stock up or down from last quarter?
Olly, what's a good movie that's out right now?
Please play eighties rock
what is dollar exchange rate with indian currency
IS TODAY A SUNNY DAY OR RAINY DAY
buy a train ticket to
PDA does Mr Pizza deliver?
any one is good for me.
will you please confirm last thing i said.
thank you for completing it, olly.
I'd like to know the latest news on <insert topic here> as it comes in
Please play all songs by Bruno Mars.
In how many hours will it be midnight in London, England?
Please let me know what time 7 PM is in PST.
Olly, I have to tell you about my day.
Lower the volume to 20
What's the current time in New York?
Please check and tell me contact details of Mongomery LLc company
please clarify me on that further.
sorry but i think you don't get it correctly.
Explain it
Turn off the bathroom light please.
file storage
What is the title and artist of this song?
Olly, does Panda Garden deliver?
what day is it today
Alexa, I want to check Julia's available dates, so would you send her mail and ask about it?
i'd like to hear what you've just said again.
what are todays top podcasts
When is the doctor's appointment?
Please give me the road forecast for I95 SB.
Can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approx. 10 mins. from now?
you have got answer exactly.
When is Christmas?
What schedule event do I have for this month.
Any update on the topic X.
do I need a coat today
sorry but you did not get command right.
Play my favourite radio.
Play from Smashing Pumpkins.
olly tell me what is song is playing now
check latest news
Should I bring snow shoes?
Should I go to the market day after tomorrow?
Open the Davinci Code where I left off
Give me the description of a Smartphone circuit
I love the songs of micheal Jackson, can you save some songs of jackson for me
What does hesitant mean?
play my top 20 playlist
how bad is the traffic near the airport?
I want to hear a book by Torey Hayden
Is is taco-o'clock yet?
Can you tell me my weekly list?
I need to get going at 8am tomorrow. Set up an alarm 30 minutes before that.
Food will be given at the exhibition?
this was not what i am searching for.
olly would you shut down please.
Google do I have any appointments on my calendar for Friday?
uhh no, you have done task all wrong.
I have dinner with my sister this Saturday
Can you enter an event to my calendar?
remove playlist
PDA, do i have an appointment tomorrow?
i'd like you check and confirm what i last said please.
What is the echange rate between USD and CAD
Do deletion of next calendar event
Can you please turn off the light of my bed room
Play Sirus on satellite radio.
what is a banana
I want to play the audiobook Good Grief.
Change the alarm weekly settings
yeah excellent.
Keep me up to date with the world news.
would not really know, olly.
set a reminder today at 1:00pm to send the presentation
it's great one, thank you very much.
olly will you shut down please.
Olly how many quarts are in a gallon?
Olly, what is the highest temperature for this week?
Olly, do you have any local news?
olly could you shut down please.
stop, i think you don't get me.
appreciate helping.
play me some U2 from the 80's
it is useful, thank you, olly.
stop, you have me incorrectly.
What time should I go for a hike?
Delete my shopping list
please play back some important points summary.
PDA please update list with new item
Can you brief about the next scheduled events?
send john a mail for financial report 2017
sorry but you messed up.
tell me the answer for 2 + 2
What is the current date time group?
what is a  sphere.
Time in New York now
How tall is the Empire State Building?
could you tell me it once again.
i went to the park
Can you play the next episode, please?
Brew me a cup of coffee
Send a tweet to National Grid
Stock prices at Walmart?
Play Crystal Lewis's Beauty of the Cross for me
PDA: Reply to Bill's email and add it to my contact list
what is the time in milwaukee?
Whats going on today
Please reset my calendar back to day one.
security devices to robotic vacuum cleaners to Internet-enabled refrigerators
remind me after an hour to go for shopping.
Please earse the next birthday event
Tell me when the next alarms are for.
let's play space invaders
is today st. patricks day
Olly good night, lights off
Is it raining outside?
definition of arrow please
Cancel all my appointments after 3 p.m today and inform me the details.
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
Check stock price for Dinky Donuts.
what time in Las Vegas?
Olly, should I wear my gloves or not?
Get me a taxi to the airport right now?
Remind me to have the presentation ready by 10 on Wednesday.
Olly call me a cab to the trainstation
that's all, just cancel.
turn speaker volumne down alexa
Olly how's it hangin.
Play most recent podcast upload.
please again elaborate this.
please correct error.
I need you to turn off the light of my bed room
resume harry potter book 4
what was that one more time.
can you confirm what i last said.
What are my next scheduels?
yeap good response.
search email for contact
What is the amount for train ticket booking?
i want to hear the last said again.
Play the radio station
Get news from FOX
speak what you've said once again.
Olly delete my surprise event for Thursday.
Google save all the songs I have listened to more than once.
Where is the venue in which the marriage of Tom is going to takeplace
play my playlist
yes agree.
Find me the top news of the day
doesn't matter, olly.
Tell me if I have new emails.
What's the famous Monty Python joke about the bird?
Please give me today's date.
Trash the open list, Google.
Take me to the most popular post.
Add grocery shopping to today's to-do list.
can't understand that.
Set a meeting with Mr Fox for Thursday at 2pm.
What is the time?
play britney spears crazy
i wouldn't really bother.
Notify me when gbp/usd rate as I expected
Turn the smart plug on
Echo, who won the presidential election this year?
Play my favorite music
Is Trump tweeting today?
Set brightness to 50%
When was the last time that I spoke to John?
olly will you please shut up.
How many miles in 5 kilometers?
Make the lights less bright.
musch appreciated, it's perfect.
what are the climatic conditions in tha that area.
Tell me more about (event)
Please tweet a complaint about slow service at Applebee's
Let's play 90s hits on the radio
What is the outcome of blank today?
Could you harvest the crops in farmvile?
Will I need an umbrella tomorrow?
Where was Hugh Jackson born?
How do I add a new email to my contacts?
Start house cleaning.
Name the people that sent me an email today?
book me on a train leaving Penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than 200 miles away
could you check my last question.
oh no, incorrect.
How many subscriber does Captain Disillusion have?
Delete item
yes you have done the command correcly.
Play some tracks by Michael Jackson.
Can I get delivery from this restaurant?
Can you do 9+2?
Greg wants black coffee, can you make one?
could you please check and confirm details.
what is the difference between roman and grigorean calendar
Please check my E-mails and notify me if exists any new E-mail.
Are there any new emails received after 4 o'clock today?
Olly, you'll never guess what happened earlier today.
latest updates
wouldn't really bother, olly.
remind me to take out the trash
What meetings do I have between 8-10 today?
Account #s and Passwords, fasion
s2, i was unclear about what you have just said.
COMPARE MORE OF COUNTRIS
can u pls change the timezone to us
run vacuum cleaner
west side races
get me to CNN website
Open Calculator
what were the first number of email subjects I got today?
set an event 'happy birthday john' to repeat on 21-Jan-2017
12AM REMOVED 2PM SET
What's Bob Scrote's net worth?
How old is Marian Carey?
Tell me about the most recent road construction on route 70?
Order food
normal tempareture
What movie do you recommend tonight?
I AM NEED MY HAP TODAY
PDA, please turn off the smart socket.
Please update my calendar event with the location of Lansing Michigan
send a request to this company to receive a refund
What is trending on Twitter?
does not matter with me.
can you shut off please.
suffering consequences
olly that is all, just cancel it.
Define God
Play something from recent playlist
Send email to Robert.
How many emails have I received recently?
Cricket/live scorecards
Create an alarm for 6am
What is the US dollar and Euro exchange rate.
Did I set reminder for tomorrow meeting at 5 pm?
Put the radio on and play radio 2
please explain me about your words once again.
Have I gotten an email from Sean?
Play Candy Crush
send message via email
Find the list you want to delete.
email update
i don't mind to choose any one.
Please continue playing Odd Thomas by Dean Koontz.
I would like it to help analyze ideas
What is the weather like outside? It is cloudy
open the radio app
Send an email to Mom, asking if she was able to order the book from Amazon that I told her about.
Where was President Madison born?
how warm is it outside right now?
Please let me know where David is travelling
I need this event on a repeating cycle on my calendar
What is the price of stock for GM?
Can you please put the vacuum on?
Hey, what are you up to?
I had a bad day today.
Pause the book
Please keep quiet for the next hour.
when is my next meeting with Joe
THERE ARE MANY IMPORTANT EVENT IN THIS MONTH, NOTE DOWN THAT.
it's not what i am searching for.
This song is my favourite
Did the stock prices of Google go up or down?
Olly turn on Reply All podcast
Where is Justin Bieber's home base?
show me the dimcolour
Tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
thanks but this is not the right response.
PDA can you remind me to go to the corner store on Tuesday.
List me the newest articles from the New York Times.
Olly, name stores within 10 mile radius with music
start music app and play a song for me
What is 1 dollar in euros?
Do I have the contact of Tara John?
Start new email for Yulia
IS PERSON IS INCREADABLE
please tell me the last one spoken one more time.
retry it.
Show me a video about new mobile launches this year
PDA book a train ticket for one, one way for this Tuesday at 9am.
What's the best Italian restaurant in Atlanta?
would you please confirm the instruction.
show exchange rate of USD and INR
Manage facebook status
Find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the U.S please.
what is the closing price of Apple today?
List items on my work list
i am angery
Can you create a new list in my podcast?
play with me, game x
What are the news headlines?
Show new emails to me
Olly, show me where the nearest restaurant is
find events in local area
where is the prime meridian
olly make me happy
that's fantastic, thank you.
Time to hear me some Blake Shelton
the definition of life
Would you go check my emails for me?
I need to calendar a meeting with Allison on Monday at 10am.
When is my meeting?
Send email to new email address
check mails
Play the list from my favorites
Play metallica on shuffle.
I HAVE ALL DETAILS ABOUT PDA'S
Send a reply to my friend for his question
Set alarm on 10th November for 9o clock
yeah you have got my instructions perfectly.
can you give me train times for ann arbor?
Please check email from my boss
Olly, can you tell me the price of google stock?
What is the latest news on...
Did Prince have children?
Lower the brightness of the lights
what lists do i have saved?
set up notification for meeting
Please give me the traffic report for this afternoon.
What is trending in tech today?
let's try the instruction said one more time again please.
PDA, Open Internet
add item
place order to pizza takeout for 7 p.m.
would you again rephrase me on your words please.
look up in contacts
Why is it snowing so much in my city?
start vacuum cleaner
bad that's not what i said.
IT MUST BE TASTE
Tweent samsung and tell them to stop killing people with their products.
would you tell me it one more time please.
My alarms
Erase my lunch date with Ted on June 1st
Waht is the geographic area of Australia
thank you very much for response.
Send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
Recommend a movie for me.
will this morning stay sunny
Create shopping list for Target
add chives to my shopping list
i will speak slowly so you can find the correct answer.
start playlist and play music
How is pork tenderloin cooked
Alexa, spread some lights
remind me when XXX sends me an email
How many meetings do I have this week?
right response.
I would like it to order me stuff with little to no error
Post this video to Facebook.
How much Indianapolis Express will take to reach texas.
Do I have any incoming emails?
I want to hear any songs that got grammys this year
down the light power
Listen to music of genre
could you just cancel.
How do I get to church?
Set a reminder for Wednesdays at 2 p.m.
PDA make a status stating I got the promotion.
I want to hear some Jazz.
@NikeSupport the shoes I bought last week already have a hole in the sole.
how many sunday having this month?
PDA, how do I set my coffee machine to make coffee?
Olly how is the new movie SWAT
please Can i know what time will it be at 6 pm here in Australia?
Why was XXX famous for?
I need oranges added to my grocery list.
Did you set the alarm for 5 AM?
goddammit.
you've done it correctly.
Give me a description of a Boeing 747.
Olly, answer the equation 8x7
i wouldn't care.
Fast me the news of academy awards
s2, i was unclear about it.
gossiping about celebrities
add new songs to playlist
i was not clear about your response.
Is the Farmers Market open this weekend in Iowa?
Please give me a list of all of my lists.
Is there a traffic jam on my route?
whats going on in Japan
where can I use this word
Find me a train ticket to...
yeap confirmed.
Play subway surfer
what I like today
Find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup.
Are there any updates on Facebook?
I want to respond to my last email.
Do I have anything on my honey do list?
Show me a video on cooking  Fried chicken
Rating
What's around me?
How much is $100 American worth in yen?
Olly find me a bar in Cleveland open until 2am
Which is new movie of Johny Depp
reply yes to this
Facebook Status: Busy day
that's great one, i appreciate it, olly.
What is a hibachi grill?
list all train times to ny
PDA: Turn off the porch light
olly could you please shut down.
excellent.
Tell about computer definition?
olly turn the lights to red color
Play the Game of Thrones audio book from the last chapter I was on.
do I have anything scheduled in my events
Change the colour to red
I had a lazy day.
volume check
I had a lot of meetings today
Create new calendar event
yes you have understood command exactly.
Reply to my last email.
evens please
remove wake-up calls for this week
Wake me up in 30 minutes.
adjust the light option
Can you tell me what flabbergasted means?
What time is it in Florida?
Change light color
Short and simple
let's try the words one more time again please.
I have a meeting tomorrow at 2pm with John, put that in my calendar.
I want to listen to the rap station
display date
what's happening this weekend
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
that's amazing work, olly.
Stop audiobook.
Whay day does Easter fall on this year?
Your recipe of steak was superb
Remove tonights dinner with Shelly.
s1, will you rephrase your answer once again to me.
What's on my calendar
Play Hurts like heaven
I need to tweet Wendy's: Ordered, got order, took order home, wasn't my order.
Is this event date right?
What's the time now in New Delhi?
Ok Google, can you give me the time in New Delhi
Send an email to the newest address added to the address book.
What time do I have appointments today?
Be sure to remind me of this
tell me the lucky color of today
What is the estimated travel time for the train ride to Orlando?
Echo, turn on Kicks 101.5
PLEASE TAKEWAY OF GIVEING REQURIED OF THE RESTAURANT
that is helpful, musch appreciated.
i couldn't get what you just said now.
Remind me at 2 pm Tuesday for the 3 pm meeting with the boss.
Audio book play jai ho
I am going to need  sunglasses this morning?
how long will it take to drive to long beach
generate a new inventory
please can you check and confirm what just said.
Print kids train ticket for this Thursday
Mute for 2 hours.
Please open go fish game and play it with me.
I need a gold class ticket on train no XXX using my credit card
Is the birthday dinner on the calendar for Friday?
Olly recommend me a restaurant in west chester
Who's playing this?
PDA what can you do?
Place a birthday party with Alex and Amy in my calender.
It is too dark in here, increase the brightness of the lights.
what is the emai i got from my girlfriend.
pull up list
What can I do for fun under $20 around me?
brew coffee at noon
Remember me to send the presentation today at 1:00pm
Start reading that Alan Partridge book.
Set the reminder for upcoming meeting
Who do I have new email from?
When was Albert Einstein born?
music, Third Day
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
what is the event agenda
What's going on in the world these days?
yeap you've understood my instructions exactly.
please again explain your response.
check email about my job.
Is Narendra Modi, the indian prime ministe rvisiting any country now
Please remove dinner date scheduled for this Friday at 9pm.
Travel, book a train ticket
Horoscope
Can I get takeout from PF Changs?
s2, what you said is not so clear to me.
Are there any grocery stores nearby?
New email for contact
Did Erin send me any emails?
delete this email
could you tell me funny things
Please tell me what day this event reminder is set for.
what is the price of GOOGL today
How many euros is 1 dollar?
s1, please explain once again.
Quiet time
Turn on the socket.
it was nice one, thank you very much.
Olly book tommorow's train ticket for me to bombay in any train
thanks but i think you got me incorrectly.
new scenario, time or calendar to new list
get train ticket
news updates
Where is the nearest smoke shop
remind me of location A on the date of X on calendar.
Send a reply to that email.
How long do you cook a whole chicken on 350?
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
confirm the detail.
Mail Gaurav my phone number and other contact details.
How many euro make $1000?
Please put in an order from Red Thai fpr this eveneing.
add new email to contacts
What do my lists look like?
What movies are showing in cinema today
Do I have any private messages on any social media?
Show me news from CNN for today.
I want to listen daily to this song
Can I tell you about my day?
Latest TV show news
Destroy all events.
should i wear raincoat before getting out.
email john (body)
Define swerving.
How would you describe a tennis ball?
How are you feeling today?
I will be at pizza hut in 10 minutes and will stay there for next 40 minutes. Arrange an uber for me that can drop me home.
set alarm for tomorrow morning at 6 am
beg your pardon.
Please turn on repeate all
Can you change the colour to red
current time in GMT
Echo I want an alarm for 3:00 today.
How is the meta likely to shift with the next set of MTG
Can you turn off my desk lamp?
What type of pant is a culotte?
Remind me to call the bank next Thursday
alexa how large is the universe in miles
Is it going to snow?
It is a sunny day today, right?
forward a mail to sandy
Erase @ from list
get me rate eur/usd yesterday
Give me the stock price of Berkshire Hathaway
you are so helpful, thank you very much.
please would you check detail.
What does myrmidon mean?
Great song for the commute
it was helpful,.
Olly  what time are the meetings happening next week?
Closest parks
Can you tell me what movie has the best reviews?
Turn off one light on porch
My meeting friday is in eastern standard time
What about tonight dinner with me
Set my alarm for 6 am tomorrow.
what is the prevailing exchange rate US$ v/s Indian Rupees?
Anything good happening this weekend in the area?
What is the exchange rate of US dollar today for rupee
What plays are showing at the theatre?
WHat is the latest news from CBS?
things to do in my area
I want more details about the annual tea party.
get me new email
play rap music
make this a bit louder
perfect work, you have done well.
Set the alarm for 5 AM
What's the definition of diverse?
How much is 1 INR to USD?
How much is a call per minute to Mauritania?
What's happening around town
Olly make me coffee at 8am
add tal meeting on 21st at 7
What is happening this weekend?
Remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at 7:45pm.
Does the 13th have rain in the forecast?
yeap answer was good.
have no idea about which to choose, olly.
Please set a reminder in my calendar for my meeting on March 25.
s2, i did not quite catch up with you.
oh that's perfect job.
have i got any new email from my company.
Olly, open calendar and make an event reminder.
What Mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout?
Coffee please.
play the next show on podcast.
Turn the lights up
What is on my list today?
it's cool, thank you very much, olly.
show pending reminders
find my thai takeaways around grassmarket
I'd love to hear any song that I've given five stars by Serge Gainsbourg
what were you trying to say.
Tell me about ...
you don't understand it right.
Play Adele
go to menu
Who sent me email today and what was the subject?
could you check that.
will you cancel it please.
Open my twitter account and tell sams club they made my cake order delicious
Book for me a train ticket to California
PDA: I'm tired of Pandora, please turn on the radio
Add new contact and send email
where does joe joe live
i'd like you check and confirm the command please.
Can you set an alarm for 7 am?
you have done it right thank you, olly.
Remind me in two days to check my emails.
Set an alarm for tomorrow morning at 8
light is too much.
Lower the lights in the living room.
check and confirm my last question please.
run reply to latest email received
stop and try what i've said once again.
Send a text to Alice
make a room darker
help me find place
Current time please.
Resume the song from the audiobook by Michael Jackson
turn off the alarm
could you please check the detail.
Get me a recipe for cookies
How's the weather going to be this week?
send <unk>
Play the last song from my most recent playlist.
please describe object A.
please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
Latest movie releases
PDA wemo plug socket on
Tell me latest updates of new york
NEXT WEEK MY UNCLE BIRTHDAY
Run the vacuum cleaner
how many Beatles are still alive
open stock price for name
Play Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
Request a Taxi from UDRIVE service
s1, please can you elaborate me further on this.
you've done task all wrong.
turn off smart plug socket
What's on a list about my meetings this month?
What is the Yen Us Dollar exchange rate?
Show me the stock prices of Target today.
Do you know any joke?
Could you speak louder?
i would like you stop.
Whats the weather report for Bangalore today
i would like you just cancel.
please will you check my last instruction.
How many tablespoons in a cup?
s2, don't understand that.
What is the title of this song?
Please tell me what is on the calendar for this weekend
uhh no, you didn't understand what i was searching for.
Can you explain your speech algorthm to me?
that is useful, thanks, olly.
let us start over please.
Play the song 'doggie style' in continuous mode
Control lights.  Turn off room lights.
Remove the list
What is the purpose of life?
who the the song playing by?
Open tweet to Apple that my iPhone's battery is always drained.
Can you play the last podcast?
How is IBM doing?
see you
Do I have enough ingredients in my refrigerator?
you have done that correctly, olly.
Please recite the items on my grocery list.
How much will be the world population after 20 years.
Make a new list of dog breeds.
Latest finance news
My calender is to be updated with all RCCG March event.
Olly, activate the vacuum cleaner.
Make Happy Birthday the next song.
s1, clarify me further on what you have said.
Are there any news regarding our President on Facebook today?
how old are you?
play news in fm
Tweet ... company to complain about
set an alarm at 10 tomorrow to remind me a meeting
New alarm for 6am
find the events
uhh no, that's not what i am searching for.
The 5pm train on Wednesday to Rockville, is it on time?
that's not what i meant.
remove {item} from list
I want to listen to the Bob and tom show
yeah it's fantastic.
Want to play rock
Olly, tell me how to get rid of the rash on my arm.
that must be a mistake.
wait, you did not interpret command right.
is there any salon in babaji nagar
Wemo plug socket off
Can you tell me how gravity works
What is the GDP of USA?
Play station gx in the radio
Tell me the current weather for Danville IL
play only particular singer songs
Remove what I have to do on the 23 of march.
Play volume 2 of Nutritional Facts
can you check last thing said please.
what is home town weather?
Add birthday reminder on September 4
Book a taxi to start from here
what time is the meeting tomorrow
Which song is this one?
i am sorry but i think it's not the right answer.
Make a calendar event for a BBQ at Millie's house.
Set my alarm for 6am
find a ride to the bar
olly can you shut down.
Tell me about Kevin Spacey
i could not catch up with you.
What's happening here ?
Send email to Mom - Want to go shopping tomorrow?
Please check alarms
PDA, I'm into 80's music.
Give me updates on the hurricane news.
alexa  classic rock
Make me a new checklist.
personal data assistants
ABHI JO SONG PLAY HO RAHA HAI USKE BAARE ME KYA KHYAAL HAI ?
At what time is my alarm set?
clear all events in calender
yes , i have to know the weather is .
Dim lights
Read the message again
yeap you got answer perfectly.
What time am I meeting my dentist on Friday?
turn on 89x
I like top 40 music
PDA, delete my Dr. K appointment in March.
didn't understand your answers.
Ok, next what?
Cortana, identify current song playing.
What is the weather like in Toronto?
do you have a boyfriend?
Stock price for Google.
PDA please check recent emails from new contact
uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
put new status
how much did facebook stock increase last night
Switch off
is there a chance of snow wednesday?
Olly can you tell me how to cook chocolate chip cookies?
i would like to hear what i just said again.
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
Please turn the radio 97.3 FM
could you check and confirm detail please.
please let's do it again.
check my last post on facebook
Send me an alert and hour before my next appointment.
Hello PDA, Bring up my lists.
What country has the most maple trees?
When is the first 70 degree day forecast?
that's good, thanks.
i do not really mind for anything.
show todays news about migration
What does this word means?
Alexa, Why DiCaprio is so handsome?
Hey can you delete the list of things I needed to get from the store?
yeah you've done your understanding exactly.
do you want to be human
Have I received new emails?
what is 2 times 2
set an alarm at 10:00AM tomorrow and label it as meeting.
once again explain to me please.
What day of the week is the 26th?
check yahoo mail
yeah affirmative.
Create an alarm at 4 o'clock tomorrow morning.
Definition and use in sentence the word absolute.
How come you assistants are never male?
Turn off the lights in the kitchen.
Tell me what is on the schedule for July 7th
Play a pop station on the radio
Please dim the lights in the bedrooms
How did your day go?
How soon can we expect rain?
What's the weather like today?
PDA, send the email to this new email address
What is the current exchange rate for Yen to Euros?
Play fault in our stars on Audible
this is not the correct answer.
The definition of beauty.
PDA how do i check my currency exchange rate
Do you want to play?
I would like to hear the song Aces High
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
PDA set to silent for 5 minutes
Hey Siri, inform me about latest picture updated by Priya Chopra on instagram
turn down the sound
Open Audible and continue playing the book that I was listening to.
can you please put on music
What's the latest Trump controversy?
HEY, SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FRIEND
I want to hear program 1 on Last.FM.
Which things should I do when I visit the Yellowstone National Park?
change the light to pink color.
you are my hero,.
Hey Olly, cancel all my other meetings and calls for 2nd March as it is Jim's birthday. Tag it as an event in your calendar
Please turn up the screen brightness all the way
dammit, i think you have done wrongly.
how long do I boil a hard boiled egg, alexa?
i could not understand what you have said.
Tell me when and if I should buy a new home
send email to Chris with following content
Who is Christie Brinkley's boyfriend?
How long until my order arrives
set reminder for tomorrows meeting with {client name}
will you please check what just said.
YE SONG MERA FAVORITE HAI MAIN ESSE BAHUT BAAR SUN CHUKA HU.
please would you speak one more again.
can you turn on the radio
Make the house lights amber at 6PM
Who is president of Poland?
recall me wedding anniversary day
help me to understand the meaning of this life
could you please check and confirm that.
Give me a reminder 24 hours before my Friday meeting with EDG
please again explain me on this.
would not mind to choose any one.
What day of the week does the 22nd fall on this Month?
What items did I plan to buy?
when are holiday in current month
Describe (insert) for me please
How heavy is the traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas this hour?
Show me 1 week weather of mumbai
please start vacuum cleaner
this does not really matter with me.
I need coffee please preferably hot.
Please tell me the weather.
Play the radio band with sports commentary
Just let me know next weeks weather in California
Let me know the list.
Is Yellowstone park the largest park?
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in Benton AR
Would you please notify me about the event in my calendar
amazing.
Play song after this
did Mike send me an email
where is the closest barber
pda set a reminder about my hair cut appointment on the 21st at Floyd's 99.
Will we space travel within 50 years and live in another planet?
PDA, can you tweet a complaint to the furniture store customer service?
What are the different types of round objects?
what new mail says?
Play for me the Game Temple Run
Set notifications on the current weather disasters in america.
Add this song to my favorite list
hi send reply to victor cant able to attend meeting on 22/04/2017
please once again explain.
What is the square root of 4 ?
Please let me know the exchange rate between  Indian rupees and US$.
what is a snoodle
When will the food festival be this week?
Does shrimp contain a lot of fat?
What day does my birthday fall on next year?
resume harry potter book 5
Does Pizza Hut have delivery?
show me more about the presidential election
Get me up at 8 AM.
can you please confirm that.
football matches in newyork
Tell me the top stories on the LA Times
let's play fifa2016, you'll be the keeper and never change position.
Send a tweet to at modcloth that I don't like that they wouldn't honor sales prices for me.
repeat this song
alexa turn on PDR AM.
Olly Play Imagine Dragons
that's cool, musch appreciated, olly.
s1, would you please rephrase it further to me.
Play the podcast entitled episode 1 Making a Murderer.
Did I get new emails from Sarah?
Play Neil Sedaka.
Is it snowing now
Find out more about the annual tea party.
What is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
Am I scheduled to have any meeting today
Tell me about latest controversial news of kim kardashian.
New reminder at 3pm
What's going on in new york
Olly, explain the meaning of 2001: A Space Odyssey
How ling is an Earth day?
Should I wear a short sleeve?
Siri, find train tickets to NC
The nature of artificial intelligence.
PDA I bought cruiser tickets
i do not catch that.
thanks but i think you have got me incorrect.
you've done it right, olly.
post this pic to facebook
Please show me marathon nearby me
oops, it was not the correct response.
Google IBM stock prices
social info
WHat are the measurements of a queen mattress
anything going on in los angeles
Check my list
which is the nearest restaurants available
How long should I cook a hamburger on each side
order mcdonalds
Remind yourself to remind me about needed to be reminded about that meeting.
dammit, you've done it wrong.
find me a podcast about animals.
political news
Email the message Hi come down for dinner tonight to Bro
What is the height of mount everest.
Initiate polling for new email
Add new item to list.
Where is the pharmacy in Leavenworth?
switch off bedroom light
PDA what is the geology of this location
i am bored
hey siri my the lights a little warmer
s2, i am not clear about your response.
Please provide current time in India
add email to contacts
Time please?
Do I have new Emails?
Play the latest songs by Sene.lena Gomez after this o
MAINE APNE FRIEND AUR FAMILY KO EMAIL KARNA CHAHTA HU.
this is unimportant for me.
To get more information about a Historic event.
you did it perfectly.
Start playlist for podcast
Hey Google can you save next Monday night for my date with Carl.
wake me at daybreak
How much is one dollar in euros?
Please play anything by AFI
Delete event from calendar
thank you so much for answer.
Please play shape of you by Ed Sheeran.
create calendar event
add event
Add a party in NY city for this saturday
PDA, do I have any plans for today?
i was not so clear about what you've just said.
Dim the lights in my bedroom
Switch off the plug socket
skipe to next NYT podcast
Please show my list
What is the time in the Midwest right now.
play all rock songs
Define Schadenfraude.
What is the current stock rate of facebook
Schedule a lunch meeting with Brent on Wednesday at noon.
Please define the word Hypocrisy
once again explain your answer.
that was amazing, thank you so much, olly.
whatever is okay.
Please darken the lights.
could you please once again elaborate me about your words.
Are there any interesting events around this area?
Please increase volume
Send an email to Ms. Palmer, ask her if Dean turned in his last homework assignment.
joke me
What's on the New York Time?
Could you please tell me whats in my schedule at 8 tonight?
please once again clarify.
I want to play a trivia game.
s2, can not get your response.
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
What did Jeff post on the yard sale page?
Tell me Today's events of mine
When is (insert event) taking place?
please remove all the entries marked in the calendar
Add event: Baseball practice, 5pm tonight
it's too quiet in here
tv
What are the coordinates of the equator?
I want you to go to hot 105 on the radio.
get status changed in social media
Any new emails in my inbox?
oops, i think that is not the correct response.
remind me an email to my sister
Olly, please speak up.
This song was very good!
you've done command correcly.
Please play the song Games by Disturbed
Tell me a joke about aliens.
What are the scores from last night's hockey games.
What time is it in Dubai?
Please turn on the Sean Hannity show on AM.
would you check my last question please.
meeting with Joe next week tuesday
Please brighten the lights
how do I cook ___?
it is fantastic job, musch appreciated, olly.
I do not know how to answer this question, you left a word or two out.
did you get last thing said correctly?
did i forget anything
add this email to my contact list
the answer was good.
make light color red
Play this radio channel for me
Rearrange that off the list
Shuffle and Play all songs by gavenda artist
Can you put on the next I heart music radio show?
Send an alert before meeting
check new emails
wouldn't mind, olly.
Open Sirius app and play the classical channel
Play me my favourite radio show.
would you please further clarify me about this.
tell me if 540 is subtracted seven time by 28.
SHARE IN FRIENDS POST
What  is happening in the world right now?
tell me a nice Chinese Restuarant
How old is Zac Galifrankas?
Can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at 7am?
Help me book a train ticket
yo, Olly, I need a coffee now
Please speak loud.
Is it hot and muggy or warm and humid in the bayou today?
Is there any news articles on the fire at Pigeon Forge?
Play my summer jams playlist.
Open Inbox to check unread mails
Someone play the radio.
will play chess
Book train to LA
please shut off.
Turn off my smart plug socket in 30 minutes.
Pull up political news today from CNN
Remove my event at 1 P.M. in my calendar.
keep playing secret garden
Can you add Gloria to my list of clients?
i think you messed up the command.
Did I get an email today?
I want to hear some music.  Turn on the radio.
tell me the election result of u.p which was to come today.
What is the point of a banana
make 5 coffee tell the coffee machine
turn on the smart charger
Olly, what do I have planned next?
it was not what i meant.
how much gas do i have in my car
Do I have any new email?
play item 1
Status of my inbox.
Is the weather supposed to be nice today, PDA?
Tell me when the Hockey Game tickets are for
ah that's awesome work.
how long to get downtown.
Is there any concerts taking place in new York today
Please repeat that music again of Akon.
Good afternoon, how are you?
What's the traffic situation from Kamycka to Dejvicka?
turn on plug
Have I received new emails in the last 10 minutes?
remove alarm if any
I want to find some good rock music.
Does Ming Ten do take out?
Are there any alarms set? What are they?
would you confirm command please.
Siri, what is $10 in Ten?
add event
create a complaint to sonic drive-in
I want to order food
What's the best way to Sheffield?
Has anything happened to Mass Effect?
Please post this picture to my facebook.
Tell me joke.
s2, i can't quite catch that.
Olly,  I went to the grocery store today
list check
Can you turn on the vacuum?
sorry but you have messed up the command.
Please program volume settings for 16 when I'm in the room at 14 for when I've gone to bed.
play my country favorites playlist for me
Alexa, give me the headline news.
olly that's enough, just stop.
Play my <insert genre> playlist
Can I get the current time?
Remove all the events from the calendar in this month
Get me the news about today's meeting
Send me directions to the police department.
i was not so clear about that.
Play Clarity by Zedd
Where can I get a good burger within 5 miles.
Is my order at domino's ready?
Is there any news of the newest game coming out.
Repeat the e-mail for my brother.
do you know how to cook risotto?
Can you guarantee that you can chose the winning lottery numbers?
PDA please look up best recipes
PDA, train time from brooklyn to queens.
what restaurant is open after midnight
What is the current show with the maximum viewers choice on television
explain investment strategy of 2017
Is there any pending reminder for me
Open calendar, add event, meeting, invite Bill, Malinda
Please play songs in music player only Arijit singh's.
Too Private
let me know if there are any new emails from Callum
uhh no, you gave me incorrect information.
Check emails from mom
you gave me not correct information.
Anything on your mind.
Tell me about Romance.
what did ben email me
Olly I want to go to the outdoor movie screening this weekend, remind me
How long are Barack and Michelle married?
Breeds of dog that are most hypoallergenic
Tell me what I wore yesterday.
Tell me the latest news from BBC sports
Is there anything i should know for my meetings this week?
give me today's sports news
Olly, what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck?
Get me a taxi to take me to the airport on Friday at 5:30am.
What is the average speed on main highway.
Mute for the next hour please.
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
Alexa, increase the brightness of the light. It is hard to see down here.
Do i have emails from this sender
I would like a free day tomorrow from all the events.
Should I take my umbrella to work today?
Did you resolve?
it must be some mistake.
create repeating event 'john's birthday' on calendar
find me someone (at least as attractive as me) to have sex with
s2, i couldn't get what you have said.
What is burmuda tiangle
yeah that's amazing.
List the latest books published by favorite authors.
Ok Google, where does Sophia Vergara live?
Remove that event from calender.
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
i am sorry but you did not get the response right.
Please play artist first in queue
What meetings are on my calendar today?
yeah right response to command.
Raise the volume of the speakers to 55%.
shut down SPS (smart plug socket)
s1, explain me on this further please.
alexa start a match of chess
what events do I have comming up
you did perfect work,.
Find new Trump articles but not from Fox News.
Turn on Bjork.
you've gottten that incorrectly.
PDA, tell me about the solar powered garden stakes
play my station
tweet a complaint to telephone exchange
please remind me 1 hour before the meeting I hace tomorrow morning
Play chess with me
proceed to the next episode
is the giraffe baby born yet
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
What causes in burmuda triangle
i am happy
<unk> items
What is the definition of plethora?
What is the meaning of PDA?
open contacts
Tell me the name of the composer
Tweet to the customer service account of
How many stray animals are saved every year?
Please open Chess Game, I would like to play with you
nope, thanks.
give me directions to the target on i-40
what is planned for today in my local area
CANCEL ALL THE MEETING TODAY
Tell me about the height of mount everest.
olly could you please shut off.
which time train dep
Remove that item
Can you upload my latest selfie in my facebook account?
SAD
check emails from gary for last hour
New event, lunch, Outback
Can I have the 10 day forecast for my area
All lights colour to blue please
Siri, what is the definition on literate?
please can you shut down.
How many cups are in a pint?
I would like my PDA to ask me questions back for an answer.
that's not the right answer.
I want to eat something,will you order food for me?
i wouldn't really care.
Print me money
Post a new status on facebook saying that I am enjoying the nice weather.
something
I need more light.
How hot is it outside
Play a song that will make me smile
could you please check that.
please let us try again.
Do I have any upcoming events in my calendar?
wake me up at 6 am
Are there any MMA events coming to Golden 1 Center?
ah that's good job.
Google clear all the stuff on my calendar for March.
please check the last thing i said.
Start playing Bag of Hammers
is it going to snow this week PDA?
What's my stock fluctuations?
Do I have any recent emails?
doesn't really matter to me.
'PDA', guess what happened today? (now user begins speaking about day)
Is there a food festival in the area?
Turn on Hot 97.
This weekend, what events are going on in Seattle?
Reply to Christy's email and say Thank you very much
Cancel meeting at three
did you get what i just said correctly?
On October 1st at 2pm lunch with Ann
What takeout places are near me?
I would like my PDA to be able to discuss topics to me that i am studying in class
yes got that perfectly.
Book a ticket for the Ethan Allen Express to Vermont.
Turn on Spotify shuffle.
What's the time for neighboring city
Turn off the light of my bed room please
review latest movies
Hey Olly, order two wings with french fries from the Chinese food store.
I want to hear the radio, turn it on, please!
let us play millionaires
Adding meetings on particaur dates of calender
It would be nice if you post status for me.
Order two cheeseburgers from Wings & Ale on University Drive.
that was good one, thank you so much.
what is the top searches in google today
Does my favorite restaurant do delivery?
Am I free Friday afternoon?
We are dancing today! Can you please pull up my favorite dance tracks!
no, you have done a task all in wrong manner.
didn't understand what you said now.
Get me an uber
what is the height of monali thakur
I've got a meeting by tonight 7:00PM, please mute the music for an hour
Get the cleaning on.
please tell me what alarms are on.
what does lady gaga like to eat
olly what's the recipe for lasagna
Change my music player volume to 80%
Do I need a hat?
Life
would you check and confirm the last thing said.
Tweet terrible service
s2, i could not catch up with you.
Enable smart socket
Set reminder for tomorrow for this item
Define astronomy
please tell me that one more again.
Play Maroon 5, Moves Like Jagger
ask my brokers
What is 200 divided by 10
Olly, hit me up with the weather news.
Change the volume
Whats 10 percent  off 40 dollars
what was the last thing you said to me.
couldn't understand this.
how we can get credit
Where is the statue of liberty located
Bring the lights down a bit
stop and do it again.
i think you have understood that not correct.
Tweet complaint to Dominoes
Do I have the address for the apple store in my contacts?
Get rid of everything on my calendar
Olly, tweet  google customer service  their products are inferior
What's the highest mountain range in the world?
date today?
I want a PDA not only to direct me to an internet site, but actually answer any given question
Olly, tell me what to.do!
please would you elaborate me about what you have said once again.
Cortana, search my calendar for my next event and notify me before it occurs.
Change my light color to blue, and please turn off the kitchen light.
that is perfect job, i appreciate it.
Where is Yellowstone?
Olly what will the weather be like on Saturday?
what next?
power off the current
email <unk>
Erase all content in my calendar.
send 'happy new year' to 'john@gmail.com'
Turn off the wemo plug
you've got me incorrectly.
reset the thing spoke please.
When will I meet with joe next
please check what said.
I want live music
PDA, When will you do my laundry?
Hack into Donald Trump's account, and wire the funds to everyone's bank accounts by pennies, before converting them to bitcoin, move them through the Darkweb, on 3 different rotations, then exchange the bitcoins through every available online exchange, then wire the funds back to my bank account.
PDA, What kind of event is happening around me?
Do I have any reminders that are waiting in my queue?
Could you update me with the list of my music likes
Tell me every day to take green tea at 4 PM
I want to learn about Donald Trump?
PDA, delete list item
Search for events in the Chicago area
is india win today cricket match.
setting repeating event in calendar
Play my Gym playlist
it was good job, i appreciate it, olly.
Send complaint to...
play radio programm name
make an alarm for 3pm
Begin email to my husband...
please speak again.
play melody music in the morning time
yeap strongly agreed.
Turn off all alarms
take out the milk from the shopping list
s1, can you please further elaborate.
check mail with <unk>
shuffle my party songs playlist
I like Senatra songs
I WANT TO LISTEN RADIO.
PLEASE REMOVE THE APPOINTMENT WHICH I HAVE MADE WITH MR.JIM.
get today's weather report
2AM REMOVED 4PM SET
Keep playing War and Peace.
please explain me more on what you've just said.
Can you pull up information on the singer(s) of this song?
Keep me updated on stock market prices.
PDA please send a complaint tot someone
can you read my meetings today?
could you please confirm the last thing i said.
call XXX
Remove all alarm of sunday
thank you for doing it, olly.
Move on to the next podcast episode.
Notify me when this happens
I need good ideas for cooking
Delete event calendar.
Alexa, lights down to 7
My son was born today
Start radio and go to frequency on 94.3
Calendar invite for breakfast with Sarah at 8am
Tell me a good doctor joke.
When is my next reminder?
what is the plan to day
reply back to this email
using my apps
I'd like to update my calendar.
what is rock sand
tune in to Bob and Tom
can you delete this dinner party event
Play the radio music band.
Who is currently the oldest living person in the world?
Show me painting exhibition in bay area
Should I wear a hat today?
thanks but that is wrong answer.
Daily, Monthly, or Yearly event if necessary.Choose the interval between events.
celebrities
don't really know.
WHAT IS POPULATION PER MILE IN ASIA
Get me a ride to hospital
Delete all the events from my calendar.
OK Google, list all of my upcoming alarms.
Hey, do you know any jokes?
what do you mean by this.
Is there Christmas on 22nd.
List of Playback of A.R Rahman collections
Play the next howard stern show on the radio.
PLEASE TWEET ABOUT OUR BAD EXEPERNICE OF THE VODAFONE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
Start my music playlist.
s2, i don't quite catch that.
this doesn't really matter to me.
what is the current central time
Book an uber for me.
Where is the Taj Mahal?
will you cancel.
Book taxi to New York City
add 'shape of you' to the current queue
Please turn the lights off in the bathroom.
ABOUT DEMOUDULARITY
would not mind to select any one, olly.
Who I am meeting with on Wednesday at 4 pm?
please would you repeat that.
Does Monday's meeting at 8am include Chuck Ingerman?
Give me options for Indian carryout under $30.
Please check the weather in Kansas
I need a break, start it after 5 minutes
Change light whenever I find myself in my house
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
tweet real Donald Trump that Angela Merkel will not shake his hand anymore.
please clarify once again.
Put on some love songs.
really would not mind.
Down the valume
What is the temperature for Houston, Texas?
What's the temperature?
Turn on a song
anything is okay for me.
thank you so much for doing that.
would you stop please.
Status of my restaurant order
you did awesome work, musch appreciated, olly.
have no idea for what to choose.
I want to hear the latest podcast episode of S-Town
Remind me that I have a meeting at 3pm tomorrow.
What's going on around the neighborhood?
change lights to pink
how much is the dollar verus the pound
are there any recent emails from {contact}
Please rub my back
Get rid of tax list from 1990.
that is of no importance to me, olly.
would not bother.
Olly, what events are happening in Pondichery this weekend?
play a jazz.
I need to get a ticket via train to Orlando from Hollywood.
Hows Mysore climate today
Today is what day?
dammit, not correct answer.
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
What genre of music is in my music folder?
Play Got That by Medasin
that is useful,.
I need a train ticket to Cambridge from here
your response is not clear.
oh no, i didn't say this.
Have I received any emails with tracking numbers?
I want the room to be less bright
Make an event for a dentist appointment thursday at 9am
Cortana, will you please mute my speakers?
check and confirm what i said please.
how does a rocket ship fly
New email
Keep me informed about bitcoin price.
i am sorry but it's not correct response.
let me know about the news of india-pakistan match.
go to the next episode
Prepare to send an outgoing reply message
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for March 25
Brighten up the room
WIll I need an umbrella today?
Delivery from dominos.
what is new?
you understood my instructions perfectly.
How do I find the hanging tree?
Send the following email to my sister
yes you get your understanding perfectly.
play random song from 80s playlist
how can you get basalt?
oh no, i did not ask for that.
Please tell me where I can get a drink nearby after midnight.
nope, you have done it all in wrong manner.
please would you repeat.
Please show new emails
create a new list for school supplies
can you please shut off.
i want you to check and confirm my last instruction please.
Weather in Paris
will you please confirm that.
PDA please check my reminders
will you confirm it.
Events in my March Calender has to be listed.
When will my chinese food arrive?
I want you to fast forward  the audio the resume
What does the title of the Leo DiCaprio movie mean?
open radia
shit, not right.
s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
would you check and confirm the detail.
Please give height of Lindsey lohan
What happened to the Dow Jones today?
alexa what is the definition for the word pontificate
s2, that was not clear.
Look for a taxi to go home
Play me some rock
How do I cook a meatloaf
What is the exchange rate for Mexico money
check question.
Tell me everything about UMF
would you check and confirm details please.
Remove my calendar event at 1:00 PM today.
Open Davinci Code audiobook
tweet error log to samsung
Give me the date of Monday on third week of this month
How many text messages has John  Smith sent me in the last 12 months?
that's confirmed.
Does Mary Smith live on Main Street?
PDA do i have a dr. appointment on the 6th?
Could you remind me to take the bins out on thursday
How high is Pikes Peak?
tell me who the senders of my emails.
Google I need the living room vacuumed can you turn on the vacuum cleaner.
Alexa, send mom the following email
I would like to know her history
Keep track of the Standing Rock protest.
Whats going on in my calendar
Wake me up every weekday at 7
Add practice to calendar on Feb 4 at King's Park at 2 p.m..
Send email to grandma, subject, Saturday, message, we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
Google what songs have I listened to at least ten times.
How many numbers are saved for Alex.
what open lists do i have?
This question does not make sense.
Is it cold out?
Google I need to answer that last email.
Alexa, mark my calendar as unavailable today
what is the meaning of ultra?
Can you please give the overnight low temps for Costa Mesa?
get it with fry
What times do my alarms go off?
play previous song
Hey Olly, play me a popular country song?
it is not what i just requested.
What does two plus two equal?
Please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for February 12th at 9am.
Will there be snow tomorrow?
Olly, display address of John
tweet a complaint to Apple about my iPhone 7
please reserve the next taxi a 9:00 AM
Do I need my scarf and mittens?
can you confirm that please.
tell me the time n india
check emails
Send email to joe@aol.com
Schedule business meeting with work group.
I want you to create a list for me
could you check and confirm my last instruction.
hey siri give me a list of nearby shops
make a cup of coffee for me
play ping pong
Between 10pm and 7am everyday all emails received has to be replied to
Was Einstein married?
change lighting colours
olly i would like you just stop it.
send 'give the details asap' to john@gmail.com
shit, it's not what i just requested.
you did nice job,.
no, thanks.
Play all by the Beatles
what day is christmas
Olly, can you please add my dinner reservations to my calender?
repeat what i've just said please.
Play this song
i would like to hear that information spoken again.
run radio programm
whats the weather like tomorrow.
can you tell me your favorite color?
Meeting at 8am to 12pm
i would like you to check last thing i said please.
HOW THE PEOPLE ARE SUFFERING HOW YOU WOULD HELP
What I did at this time?
Explain me about Rock.!
that's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
say your sentence spoken one more time please.
Open media player and play my gym playlist
Post New Status on Facebook - time to celebrate
Please play the radio.
that was not so clear to me.
tweet consumer service about their dirty area
play all by playlist
Resume a song from the audiobook by Madonna
Play me some radiohead.
that does not matter for me, olly.
Are there any events happening next week?
I need an alarm set for 8am
What is London Time?
remove my 4 am alaram
How bad is traffic this morning?
Did I ask you to remind me of anything?
Send me all the info for the Houston Texans draft please.
got it correcly.
Set a meeting with Phil every Wednesday for 5pm.
Pull up Kate's email and write that I will let her know.
Where should I take my wife for dinner tonight?
can you set radio to mute
What is the current dollar to euro conversion rate?
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
Contact Walmart customer service with a complaint via tweet.
Can you tell me when Friday the 13th will be playing on TV this year?
what places can I order takeout from near by
what is the date for the event scheduled on the 20th of february alexa
PDA, What is the weather going to be like on March 20th 2017?
can you please check command.
A priest walks into a bar...
Today's news CNN
Give me an update on the election tomorrow at noon.
any one is ok to me.
what songs are on my favorite list?
When is the next time it will rain?
Olly play me some music by Sigur Ros
Start the poker game
LAtest local art competition in orlando
i don't really mind to select any one.
whats the news about in africa
Turn the lights on
can you try again please.
Olly, show me some news from BBC
Remove the SMS recipient which have initials S
Next episode please.
Pause/ resume
Do not talk
When is the next month that has 31 days
olly, I saw a bulldog today
check the details.
open company name and find complaints
yeah you've gotten my instructions right.
I want the lights less brighter
Schedule a meeting with the vice president on Monday.
Can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow?
Please play a song by Bruno Mars.
that is good.
show upcoming local events
yeap you've got command correcly.
this is not what i requested.
Lights, color red.
set a birthday event for martin
Network podcast
what album is this song on
Current traffic conditions.
Please turn down the lights
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
When is the yearly cultural event coming up?
From where can I get a train ticket for Athens?
List the 20 most-repeated songs
Could you manipulate roip for me
If it's ten pm in California, what time is it in Alabama?
Create a new grocery list
Contact information for Jay
tweet: your waiting time sucks. tag KOC
book an uber to LA cinemas in one hour
Send the following Email to bro Hi come down for dinner tonight
Which was longest river in the world
you have understood my instructions exactly.
Show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
Any new e-mails from work?
please could you shut off.
Let me hear some music
fb stocks
What's going on with ....
Find me the oldies channel.
Send a reply to Mike with the answer 4:30 from his email he sent this morning.
please clarify me more on your answers.
s2, i can not quite catch up with you.
What is the temperature outside?
Remind me about my alarms today.
set my coffee machine
tell me the last phrase you just said one more time again please.
Shuffle my workout playlist
Siri, please read me today's news
PDA: Delete the Walmart list
wrong.
yeah right.
I don't like this song
get me to my friends list
Are there any accidents on my way to work?
did you make a mistake.
Alert me 30 minutes before my meeting at 3pm tomorrow.
Tell me how to cook steak
what's the time in China right now?
start a small discussion
What's going on with the Trump budget proposal?
How old is Barack Obamba?
Physical education drill Marilyn
what is the factor that let modi win the election
PDA what time is time?
i think that's not the right command.
Add opinion
Air pollution
could you shut down.
Read me the content of this list
Please add an event to my calendar.
What is a good substitute for butter?
Turn my satellite radio to soft rock morning show please?
what is the capital of new hampshire?
PDA, can you look up train ticket prices for me?
Can you tell me about any local events coming up?
i would not really know, olly.
can you tell me what alarms i have set
what trains are available
I need a coffee
whats this weeks weather
attend party with Love this friday
i want to hear what you've just said again.
Set wake-up Thursday 7 am.
PDA What's Jesse's number?
What does my schedule look like after 3 p.m. today afternoon?
Set up the meeting with Justin and Katrina.
olly make sure to remind about tomorrows afternoon meeting
What day does april 16th fall on?
ask me an arithmetic question
I need the exchange rate for the US dolalr and the Euro.
Check the status of my Pizza Hut order please.
Go silent for a day.
What is a transistor?
thanks for the information.
Good morning! Isn't it a great day?
What time is set for my wake-up alarm?
look for different recipes
Olly, new email from brenda?
what new emails do i have
please correct that command.
How do you cook a four-cheese omelette?
Reply to all emails received from 10pm to 9am
Please check the time
How old is Joanne
Look up the senders and subjects of recent email.
agreed.
Read me the latest New York Times headlines
Tell me if there's any new news on that topic
WHAT ALARMS ARE SET IN THE HOUSE?
Show me the best podcast of folk songs having rating of above four star and play it.
its peaceful
Please switch off/on the wenmo plug socket.
olly please could you shut up.
Please make coffee according to my earlier preferance
open gallery post video name
Remove meeting for Wednesday morning
check and confirm detail please.
talk to you later on.
Is there anything on my calendar on Friday in the morning after I get to work?
Put the gym playlist next in queue
send a message to bill@mail.com
Do I have anything going on Saturday at 5pm?
I want to get hourly notification on financial news
appreciate your answer.
Showtimes for nearest theater
how much rain can I expect on date?
that is useful,, olly.
Please show me detail of current playing song.
Current song playing, what is it?
How many bones does a human body have
Book me a train ride covering 5 destinations to see in New York
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
when is the arrival of the train at_____
What is the recipe for chocolate chips?
Play for me Madonna song from audiobook
how's it going?
is weather cloudy
what I do not like
who was the 32 president
More information on this event...
Please put Event X into my calendar and mark it as a repeating event.
confirm detail please.
turn  on music by seal
Remind me the reminders I have set
nope, i think you have made some mistake.
Play Hopsin from my Latest playlist.
thanks, that's nice one, olly.
How far away is the nearest rest stop?
What are the details of (event)
clarify me further on that please.
remind my meetings
that's all, cancel.
Please find me 80's music
olly set the lights on blue
I want to listen to Be More Chill by Ned Vizzini.
fantastic job, you've done well.
it's useful, thank you so much.
I love anything by Elton John.
Smart plug socket off please.
start fm 109
Plays the podcast from the beginning
Olly could you get John's email address for me
How much does the average car weigh?
when is sunset
please would you say again.
What trips are available from NYC to Poughkeepsie?
whats today
I cup of Joe would be nice right now, Olly
How old is Kim Kardashian?
Show me where I can find a train
what emails came from mom
Can you turn on country music?
Open iHeartRadio, ROV The Rock.
Find game
Check my to do list
What's the easiest way to cook pasta?
Tell me about the latest world scenario on global warming
what is the biggest city in new hampshire?
Hey Siri find music by nine inch nails
strongly agreed.
Who is Arnold Schwarzenegger
olly, list most rated deliveroo options for chinese food
Send a copy of the bills to Mecky by email.
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
Please read me headlines from Washington Post
play top 10
Olly what is it today
shit, you have done all wrong.
this is not clear.
Check instagram.
yes that's good.
I like this song that is playing
Raise a tweet on consumer
don't care, olly.
it seems like your command is wrong.
Set alarm for this event reminder repeating for 10 times.
Will it rain today?
Let me know when there is news on the Dakota pipeline.
Call an Uber for me
who is <unk>
clarify more on your answers please.
When is the 22nd?
Order me the fish risotto from the Golden Fork
Open my inbox
Next event is canceled
Please open my FM radio and play 98.7.
are there any accidents on Harvard?
Add event with .. and ..
Show me a funny joke.
Show me the path of nearest railway station.
What events do I have planned for the next two weeks?
uh no, that isn't what i wanted.
Which events my Facebook friends will be attending
I don't need that event anymore.
Morning, what's up?
Set alarm for tomorrow at 2 pm.
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
thanks but you have got me incorrectly.
will I be able to see the stars this night?
I want to make next week's to-do list
Adjust the lights to a lower setting please.
dammit, not right response.
My daughter's anniversary is Thursday.  Send me a reminder
What time does the meeting start?
Play football match for myself now
July 3 calender
Open grocery shopping list and remove bananas.
put on some Coldplay
Is there a article on polar bears?
Tweet Verizon customer service.
Open radio and play news in rainbow station
i hate this song
Who is coming to the meeting tomorrow at 10 AM?
Please play Nakumukka song for me
Remove birthday event from my calendar
I want the email to be sent to my new email address, abc@gmail.com
thank you for helping.
it was cool, thank you very much.
What are trending topics on Twitter right now?
Baking times for chicken in the oven.
Explain to me the dark matter theory and show my its applications
Define amphibious for me.
Please remove this event from my calender
it was not so clear.
Define computer
Play Coldplay album
you are my hero, i appreciate it.
Set the time
I want to hear a yo mama joke.
Play lady now
Where is a great pub
Could you please give me a summary of the latest news headlines
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
Find my email for.. date
you are my hero, appreciated.
Google I need one train ticket to New York can you book that for me.
Can you get me the route chicago before midnight
does cnn have any breaking news
party
How is the traffic around city center.
is it raining right now
Tell me what day of the week it is.
ask my adviser
Hey Google, what is on my alarm schedule?
How many items are on my to do list?
Cortana, add something@gmail.com to my contacts.
what's trending
email my sister about mom's birthday. Jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
Could you please send back to Pawel this answer
rewind the episode of podcast.
How are you doing?
Please tell me about the events in our area tonight
Where is the nearest Olive Garden?
Send an email to mom asking for a weather update on the week to come.
you are hero, thank you so much.
Write a complaint to alza.cz for the tablet I bought today
Change this song to the first place
Play my latest playlist
add 'birthday' wth mom for next month
how much is the average house
Please remind me of my teachers meeting on Thursday at 3:00pm.
Will it rain
Encourage the students
Dolores, How was your day
what you have said was not so clear.
Do I have anything scheduled for March 7th?
who has responded to my business within the last 24 hours
what's the temperature today?
Set a reminder for the thirteenth that I have a lunch with Dale.
I need to be reminded that there is a meeting for Paul's retirement. Set reminder for Tuesday at 3 pm.
I want the light in the kitchen powered off.
look out for customer complaint cell and use the options
PDA! Please read my new mails
Can you check my email for messages from Terry MacDonald?
Please update me the traffic status
Search for podcasts that cover men's issues.
Book me a train ticket for tomorrow
Find and delete all of my weekend events with Evan Parker
Practical Driving Assessment
Play Michael Buble Save the Last Dance
Please change the volume low of the speakers.
whatever would be fine with me, olly.
good
Turn the room light off.
Compose email to my mom...
Nighttime mode
Olly, what should I watch today?
What should the internal temperature of a turkey be?
does not really matter to me, olly.
repeat your last sentence you just said.
espn
How many vegetables should I eat a day?
Stop the audio
What movies is out there in the local cinema?
jump to next podcast
Lower the volume please
Convert GMT to IST.
send a remind email
What is the answer to 2 times 3?
KYA TUM MERE MATH KO SOLVE KARNE ME HELP KAROGE?
Open chess game
Send an email to Margaret.
tweet at KOC: your waiting time sucks
PDA turn office lights off
avinash go with me on 5th april movie commando.
Play music by KORN
Show the list that are available with numbers
What's happening in the world today?
Alexa, what is Denzel Washington's next movie?
Describe ...
start playing my most played podcast
Read my list to me.
What day is December 13th?
what's the funniest joke
I have a dentist appointment on Monday morning, true or false?
please make a coffee
Please set the alarm for 8pm Wednesday evening
Is it going to rain later?
Let me know when charges hit my credit card.
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
Where are the Rocky mountains?
turn on the lamp
Add buy groceries to my to-do list for today
Play WXYZ.
Change my plan, erase my next event
Play my current playlist from top.
start my most recently played podcast
I would love to talk about music
Is it supposed to rain tonight?
What is the answer to $12.95 minus $7.50?
Can you search trump
Can you change the lights to white?
What is the residing place of cricketer dhoni?
Who do I think people will care
go to timeline
Olly, does Shibaru Sushi deliver?
speak once more please.
Can you reply to Charlotte that I am going to be busy with the projects for next three weeks?
Sports Scores
start a game and play with me
Book a ride from New York to Orlando covering 10 places to see.
Call China Wok.
Start my Bible study book again.
I want my PDA to find good posters and arts of my favorite shows
once again rephrase me on what you've said.
Do I have any events happening next week?
Play randomized Pop Songs, no repeats.
play back in black
dammit, i think you made some mistakes, please change that.
i like you stop.
Please set an alarm at 7:00 am tomorrow morning?
If I have $20 how many Francs is that?
Alexa, tell me the exchange rate of 10 dollar to euro?
Change the light color to White
repeat alarm
Can I get delivery from here?
PDA please run this game
PDA, have I gotten any new emails from ****?
turn up the speakers
add 'new year' with family next week
Please turn off the lights in the (specific room)
Schedule a meeting with Brian Billings for 2:30 PM on Friday.
Echo who won the last 5 NCAA men's basketball tournament?
Where is Channing Tatum from?
what is the news about current weather.
add mail id, subject , content
Where does Fred work?
I like this song, what is it? Can you please repeat it once?
Find me a chocolate cake recipe.
What is John Doe's address?
What is the largest active volcano on earth?
your understanding was confirmed.
I need some more lights.
Tweet Pizza Hut their delivery guy is an hour late.
I like soft rock music
Does Fongs do carry out?
Send email to tim@hotmail.com
i would like to hear the last thing spoken again.
PDA name: set my calendar for an alarm at 5pm tuesday
PDA, Book please
Please delete my grocery list in entirety.
Ask for the weather today evening
s1, rephrase further on what you've just said to me please.
Current exchange rates for UK pound
Whats the average temperature in Mangalore for this week
will you say the last phrase said one more time please.
Is 23 december sunday
start playing the following podcast
Tell me what a workhouse is.
Do I have any undone tasks?
What's the latest news from CNN, please
that's great one, appreciated.
can you clear my calendar?
hey siri what is on the radio right now
Please send an e-mail to Larry's new e-mail at XXXX@gmail.com
Please check my playlist
yeap fantastic.
confirm details.
excellent job, you've done well.
i didn't catch up with you.
Decrease lighting
vacuum the house olly
PDA I got a raise today
Olly, delete my birthday reminder for next week.
New notification for meeting in two hours.
Will it rain at all this week?
Any new podcasts available yet?
Current trends in tecnology.
What day does my birthday fall on this year, June 27th?
its not good
Ideas,Jokes,
Provide WSJ news
could you tell me one more again please.
Check my new emails
please start the vacuum cleaner
What does pro-bono mean?
make the room brighter
again clarify me on your answers please.
let us try it one more again please.
try it one more time please.
Move forward 10 minutes in this podcast.
Set Bob's birthday for every June 3th
show me what i asked to see.
Start up a Bjork album for me.
call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
What mail do I have?
Time to workout
Is Texas the biggest state in the United States?
thanks but that is not the right command.
Begin a new list.
what's the weather today?
Please let me know new emails from Michael
remind me about Games of Thrones at seven pm each Sunday for the next three months
please delete my calender events
will you please once again explain.
Olly, lets hear The United States of Anxiety podcast
you've done answer right.
will you please check and confirm detail.
i'd like to hear your information spoke again.
I'm hungry show me some takeaway food
Send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to Consumer Digest.
delete grocery shopping from my Saturday schedule
What's trending on social media?
can you write an email to Chelsea
correct last one.
There is an e-mail I need you to send my friend
Go to Rock music
start new list
Create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
What is the stock price for...
Resume Born to Run
Please put this playlist on shuffle
Clean the floor.
Remove upcoming task.
i'd like you check the last thing said please.
Please play the latest Bill Simmons podcast.
i have no idea regarding to which to choose.
please tell me it one more time.
Mute my speakers for a minute here I need to make a call.
Add the following date and time to my calendar
Make a schedule for meeting with our customer next week.
Amazon deals
do I need a hat today
What is the number of the closest taxi company?
PDA, Can you give me the exchange rate for dollar in rupees?
On Monday, the 20th, I need to have a conversation with Greg about our weekend trip.
Increase the light a little.
Read to me the email of John Smith.
Remove grocery list
where should i go this weekend
Check calendar for schedules or events
make appointment for next friday
Today is Holiday?
Do you know of any good free knitting patterns?
Two thumbs down @companyname
using time settings
please check and confirm command.
Do I have any meeting tomorrow morning
What is the weather like in Grand Rapids, MI?
Tell me about reasons of winning of trump.
hoover the carpets around
Olly, turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
What is the weather like in Seattle?
What is the time difference between New York and Lagos?
today is?
Where did Mel Gibson grow up?
Does this restaurant have takeaway?
what is the make up of the chair
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
Can you convert my this money into...
Please decrease the volume of this song
I want coffee.
Where is the closest Mexican restaurant?
Add my mom to calendar for Monday brunch.
How bad is the traffic on Sunset Boulevard?
your age
yes got your understanding exactly.
thank you so much for that information.
Don't want of next event in clendar so delete it
What is the capital of Mexico?
it was cool, musch appreciated, olly.
Alert me at  0500 hrs
radio 102.7
Please book a train ticket for me.
How old is Betty White?
Please update me on my social media accounts.
Get me directions to Meijer
Increase light brightness.
What is the time Central
add wine to list
i intended to do it
I want to order some takeout food
Cancel the alarm at xx:yy am/pm
Put pencil on a new grocery list
What is currently breaking news?
Is it 5:00 yet?
I would like to know the latest from NBC news.
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
remind me for tomorrow dinner
Set an event for this Sunday and the next two Sundays that I have Yoga at 12:00 pm
reply to johns email
exchange usd to gbp
I would like to listen to Celine Dion.
write a tweet of complaint about my TV to Samsung
read me any new messages in my email
wouldn't care, olly.
Is Mary Smith in my contacts list?
What is rate of eur/usd
do not mind for any one.
What are the scores fo the two UCL games going on right now.
cancel the meeting next week thusday at 2pm
delete my next calendar event
Meaning of a particular word.
Tell me differences about cricket vs football
What is a basketball?
Turn off porch light.
Create a new reminder at 3pm
Can you recall my pending reminders?
Create a new list by 12noon tomorrow.
I need some coffee.
GIVE AN 3D EFFECTS
remind me at 8pm to do laundry
Here's the truth about Meals on Wheels in someone's budget
any one will be okay to me.
What movies has Clancy Brown played in?
cancel all meetings for today
its very dangerous one
yeah you did answer perfectly.
Echo, remove my bedtime alarm
Add Rebecca Green to my list of favorite contacts
What was the date two Wednesdays back from today?
Any new emails for me?
Define alarm
doesn't really matter for me.
what is the answer to this math question?
whats the exchange rates between USA and China
tell me what weather is outside
Please read out the tasks from the list for today
Is there any carnival in our place today
I would like a joke
let me know about <unk>
is there any pending reminder today
wait, i think it's not the correct response.
Did the bitcoin go past 1000 mark yesterday? What is position of bitcoin as of now?
show me the previous episode
After this song ends I want to hear Hotel California next.
List out the upcoming meeting
what's the US dollar rate today?
Where is the nearest Italian restaurant?
please could you check command.
that was amazing.
would you check that please.
Could you please give me up to date news headlines from my newest provider?
Please add calendar event
where is steven spielberg living?
Turn the lights off in my bed room.
The weather predictions you gave me are for the wrong city, I want to know the temperature where I am at.
I would like to hear some rap music.
Olly please remind me about Valia's wedding two days before
What events are scheduled for me to do today
play songs from playlist
What exchange rate does the US dollar and the Euro have?
are you human?
Play episode 10 in the podcast
Listen what have happened to me today
find world meaning in dictonary
Olly tell me where the local shopping district is.
can you give me the details of indian embassy
What is the weather like today?
you made a wrong answer.
Remember I've ordered a cake for tonight's birthday party, let me know the status please
Please remove task list
Ill take my coffee, black Olly.
can u make coffee
Please add 'shopping at mall' on 26 March at 12pm.
meeting the next day
will it rain now
Remove item from my list
what does ....... mean?
What music do I usually listen to?
Has the celebrity does any charitable work.
Let's hear WXYZ
Dorothy needs to talk to me about our divorce. Can you please set up a meeting as soon as I am available?
definition xy
thanks for help.
Please find today's stock prices for Samsung company.
When is my brunch with Jennifer?
what did you mean by this.
What is the time for the eastern time zone
Find the meaning of promise.
Hey, I would like to know some key facts about X
How many Fridays are there in May?
Can you find me a furniture store near me?
olly please could you just cancel.
please check for new email
Is today going to be sunny?
Wgat time is the train passing by
What time is my Domino's order expected to arrive?
MERE FAVORITE RADIO STATION KO TUNE KARO.
@NikeSupport please help me out with some faulty shoes I just bought.
Olly, what was Tom Cruise's last starring role?
are all programs in line
Olly, please set work meeting at 12pm for every Thursday in February.
Are there any special events near me this weekend?
In what year did George Bush become the president of United States
please tell few details about this person
you did that correcly.
is it possible to drive now in ohio
uhh no, i think incorrect answer.
Give me the volume settings.
Tell me a joke about chickens.
I have a flight to take on the 15th
when was this song first recorded?
I need you to be quiet until tomorrow.
Delete that item
lets start Candy Crush over from the beginning
Can I plan basketball match in the evening
Olly, please tell me the date for the first day of next month
switch on/off light
Please change the color of my lights, surprise me!
What is the most current local news?
I would like to listen to some rap music right now.
Play Planetside 2.
Siri, turn the volume up
When is the wedding scheduled.
Check for me new emails recieved from Sara
Delete events for ***.
PDA. erase that item from my list.
Search for a train ticket to...
find details about President Donald Trump
What is new in politics today? Can you filter out Trump news though?
Has John sent me an email?
ah that was amazing job.
it's nice job, thank you.
Hey, play that podcast I stopped last night.
which pubs participate in the Jazz Festival
dialog box appears
nice job, you did well, olly.
yeap exact response to command.
What are the names of all my current lists?
Where was Steve Jobs born?
I AM GONE TODAY AN UMBRELLA
i am gonna need a bike today? (Cause its a holiday for busses)
please do not talk for 30 minutes
Today I had a meeting with George
you have got that exactly.
PDA, notify me about the event in my calendar.
Olly what ingredients are needed for pudding
weather news
Olly, what movies are playing this week?
Will you please play a podcast
I need this e-mail sent now
Play the Bob and Tom show.
Tweet complaint to Burger King
features of ipad air
PDA, what are the definitions of orange?
Which shops can I find in Milan?
Do you know if there is any rain today
New message to newmail@gmail.com
I need to add a new email to my contacts.
give me all available lists
send an email to my manager
tweet error report to samsung
would you elaborate me further on your answer please.
Tell me about all the events this month on Facebook and which one's my friends are going to?
politics
Where is the best pizza on sixth street?
i would not really bother.
could you confirm what i just said please.
any latest updates for the games.
Replay the following podcast
cross out bread from shopping list
Will traffic be good when I leave in 5 minutes?
good work, you did well.
Play Itzhak Perlman.
Start Cnady Crush.
What are the hearhrob news?
Please let me know when is Sam's birthday
set on 2nd jan about soccer match of Manchester.
I want topics on celebrity gossip
Tell me international news.
Tweet a complaint about poor drainage system
please let us try the utterance spoke one more again.
Need a taxi tomorrow at 8 in the morning
Just let me know the train time to California
What is the weather forecast for Seattle?
PDA turn light off
Do I have appointments today?
Wikipedia page about Sean Connery
How far is Florida from North Carolina
yes that's right.
i would like you to check that please.
delete meeting
great job, you've done well, olly.
Temple runner play
Play Hoizer radio station from my Pandora app.
hey PDA turn up the lights a little
open uber
Delete Task list 1
how to cook rice, Olly
Start chapter 7 of Alma
Add a new event for tomorrow at 5pm - Meet Sarah at the gym
I would like to listen to
How much is 12 divided by 4?
what alarms do I have set for today?
How's the traffic downtown?
I want to listen to George Strait.
Now it's 5.30 pm in India. What about the time in Ivory Coast?
Remind me I take mom to the hairdresser's Thursday at 11:00 am.
What is a calone worth compared to a US dollar
Set an alarm for me for <insert time>
I want to know today's weather
Can you please set 12 noon prayer for every friday
Train times at Gary Station going toward Fort Wayne today
PDA, how do you define the word orange?
good job, you have done well.
how we calcultate
Please find new from CNN
uh no, you don't understand what i am searching for.
Look for a pizza recipe
Lower volume of music player
Play last christmas by george michael
Can you play the radio, please?
list remove
Set a notification for my 12pm meeting 15 minutes before
you have done that right thank you.
Olly, next episoade in the podcast please
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
Change song
Do you want to play Monopoly with me?
What does the weather look like this week?
that is unimportant for me, olly.
Can you loop the playlist themes?
What is the time in the Pacific time zone at this very moment?
Tell me about Mount Rushmore
uhh no, i think that is not correct.
Did I receive any new emails from Dan?
how many tablespoons are there in a cup?
tell me the time in boston
What do I have scheduled for the 19th at 2 pm?
Is the traffic bad enough that I should leave early?
These lights are too bright please fix them
that's fantastic.
Repeat calendar event.
Olly, are there any events on my calendar for this week?
Just schedule a meeting with my boss
i wouldn't know.
yeah exact response to command.
I want some information on john lennon
Just set me reminders about pending bill payments
Give me the opening stock price of Apple
how many hours remaining for mid noon.
Is it sunny today?
Please add johndoe@yahoo.com to my contact list.
set direction to central market
when the meeting start
I want to tweet a complaint to Target.
Olly turn on Criminal podcast
can you replay your phrase you just said.
Where is my meeting today located?
Add podcast favourites to playlist and start.
Vaccum the mud room
PDA, open memos
Make the lights in the house red.
is the last order is ready
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND INR
how old is Emma Watson newest boyfriend?
play the track 8 from google play music .
i want you to check instruction please.
Start playing podcast about books.
Delete all the events of today
Please remind me about the 11am business meet
Where can I find a tax preparation professional for under $100?
find the most popular recipie for tacos
s2, i am unclear about it.
Check my spam email for phishing.
PDA remove this event from my calendar notification
Let me know aboutthe new emails.
Delete all read sms from sms list
Hey, please reply to last Pawel's email
Add that song to my playlist.
would you confirm my last command please.
you've understood command correcly.
Kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
Delete all of my appointments with Dr. Smith this week
i need to hear what i just said again.
PDA, how do you make cookies?
Let me know if Linda posts anything on my Facebook today
turn off light
Give me a joke
I need a reminder every single day at 9AM.
Rate this song to the maximum.
sorry but you did some mistakes.
can you reset.
Open my grocery list and add bananas to it.
Am I busy on Wednesday evening?
Tell me the landline number
What is the best sports bar with vegetarian options in LA?
PLEASE SET ALARAM FOR TODAY
Can you send an email to (name)
Alarm set 8 am
Tell me about my day
What is the definition of the word perpetual?
Have I set any alarms in the morning?
I want you to remind me about the evening program
make an alarm for fridays meeting at 10am
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of survey?
Evaporated
remind me about the party tomorow.
todays date
give details about the current traffic
write complaint to wallmart
Map out a route from here to Abita Brew Pub
Is it snowing in California?
Cancel everything on my calendar
yeah you got the answer perfectly.
you didn't understand what i just said.
you've done it right thank you very much, olly.
Define 'juggernaut'.
hey siri cancel whatever is scheduled next on my calendar
what about new mail.
confirm last thing i said.
PDA: Throw away my to-do list please
PDA check info on someone
confirm what last said please.
famous person biographies
What is available in your stock of lists?
May I know what is trending in social media?
Add a notification reminder and calendar event for Thursday at 7:00 AM labeled Sales Meeting please
Send this message to @Microsoft on Twitter
Show me minutes of current hour
Do you recognize the song playing on my phone?
I want the coffee machine to make me coffee.
thanks but i think that's not the correct response.
i am unclear about what you said.
Set meeting with Joanna on Saturday 4 pm.
please will you check and confirm that.
Tell a joke.
What's new on textile design?
Olly what does the shirt look like?
what jacket should I wear
What are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese?
Do I have any new emails from Paul?
i just want to be you friend
Can you tweet for me to Amazon Services for not delivering my product on time.
remove list of outgoing calls
Play this audiobook for me.
Has John emailed me at all in the last month?
have no idea for which to choose.
What trending on twitter?
When is the last train from Phoenix?
oh no, not right.
can you play my last song
i would not mind, olly.
Next I want to listen 'I really like you'.
thanks but i think you had it wrong.
Did i set an alarm to have tablets in the noon?
olly could you just cancel please.
will you please clarify again.
Is there any train plying from Pune to Mumbai tonight?
Turn sound off
are you happy?
fantastic job, you have done well, olly.
I would like to reply to Sarah's email.
topic of content
I want the music to be saved. Can you do it for me?
Do you think I should see a movie or go out to dinner?
PDA name: play the song xxx xxx
Remind me of this meeting soon.
Olly what movie theatres are in Stephenville?
who is singing that song on now
Play the next part in this series
hey siri tell me what time it is
Open Google Keep
Please let me know the latest business news
favourite podcast
Alexa create a new shopping list.
PLease continue reading audiobook
Play a country station please.
reply 'thank you' to john@gmail.com
is now a good time to sell some euros?
How is the current stock price looking for Charmin?
oh that's good, olly.
remind me jack birthday is on 15th march
At what age did Brad Pitt marry Angelina Joli?
Remind me in one hour about my meeting.
that was cool, thanks.
I want to go back
Could you please check the traffic to our home.
IN THIS MATTER IN CURRENCY
that's enough, stop.
When did the statue of Liberty made?
I WANT TO SLOW DOWN MY SPEAKER.
provide me with the list of great restaurants in A
that's exact.
If I have 5USD how much is that in AUD?
Can I take food home here?
JLO fan updates
xchange rates
Please don't tell me it's going to rain on Sunday!
did ben's email have an attaachment
Please tell me the pending reminders.
IS THE DATA PREFERS ANY PROBLEMS IN OBJECTS
tell me latest election news
Divide 1500 by 160
Latest technologies/gadgets
i dont want any alarms
disable the alarm which is set at 9:30pm
We need milk.
CUT THE SONGS IN THIS MUSICS
What is the current share value for MSNBC?
Could you please email John saying I'm on Leave
raincoat needed for my bike driving?
please check that.
Ok Google, what is a president?
Hey Olly, play me a popular hip hop song?
Show me the demographic growth rate of Switzerland in the last ten years
perfect job, you've done well.
PDA, Do you know any gossip?
Is there a way to check if there is any new news stories to read?
Do you want to play solitaire
I need to write a bad review for Yahoo.
Is the weekly weather supposed to be good this week?
i want you to check what just said please.
it is unimportant with me.
Why does Sofia Vergara look so young?
What do you do with my data and information?
<List all of my alarms>
Is there a way to get the latest breaking news on Trump?
i appreciate it, it's good, olly.
Does Charley's Steakhouse deliver?
Is there any party on my calendar for this weekend?
Display the local time of London at this moment.
Play game with me
What is the best chocolate chip cookies recipe
May 2 is Mary's birthday
Will there be sunset at 5:30 pm tomorrow.
Tell me how to cook a cheese souffle
What is the latest news for fashion.
Send Chris an email.  Say - Do you have plans tonight? Want to go to dinner?
Can you put on the Chuck Palhunik audio book?
My favourite music band is Queen
What is the latest update on the NY bridge proposal?
Let me know what Maria has put on her FB over the weekend
Please list the available train trips to Location A.
book train ticket to NY
Weekly weather report
Please open Blokus game, I would like to play with you
s
Schedule me a taxi for after my Thursday meeting.
switch on all the lights
wonderful job, you've done well.
olly later tonight remind me about tomorrows meeting
how do i get from my house to the target along i-40
Find a recipe for a romantic dinner for two
open remainder and find meeting time
Can I order Olive Garden to go?
Please organize a meeting with my co-workers
Start the satellite music feed.
Please tell me the news.
Do I have alarms set ?
i'd like to hear your last the procedure spoken again.
Please play classical music.
Play the previous podcast.
what is happening now in world
thanks for your helps.
What is the circumference of the Earth?
Place a recurring occurence in my calendar.
you did awesome work,.
Today is 5th Mar?
Can you list out my meetings today?
by proper formula
Please tune in to FM 95.
What is the latest headline news from this newsource
foreign exchange rates
Which desert is hottest?
Please alert me a day before Jeff's birthday.
if I have $20 how much is that in pesos alexa
Can you play back to December
Book me a plane ticket
i think this is not the right response.
i want you to check it please.
What's happening near me this week?
yeah you understood command correcly.
Add work out to the calendar for Monday through Friday from 5 to 6:00 a.m.
Play Flappy Bird.
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
I want a lower light
choose that music player
Play for me 99.5 radio fm
Do I need to take a hat me me ?
expectations
Add Jane's birthday party at 123 Main St for 2PM tomorrow on my calendar
In the Repeat section, enter a start date.Choose the drop-down next to Weekly to change the recurring event to a Daily,
How do you feel after hearing Justin bieber's new album
where are Italian restaurants in my area
give me date and time
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
I want to hear the last news form CNN
cnn news
yeap you've understood my instructions correcly.
will you tell me that once again please.
do is on my calendar for today
I want to hear great music
uhh no, i did not say it.
Help is to be sent only to jane
on my to-dos remove mop kitchen
Hello Olly, how are you today?
can you pull up jeff
What happens to me if you become sentient?
Add an alarm for tomorrow morning at 6:00 a.m.
say something funny
what you've just said is not clear.
Change the speaker volume to 65%.
Does the weather call for rain Saturday?
PDA please set up the usual meeting event for our business trips.
Olly, delete list for groceries
change color of the light to red outside the house
Please let me know when Delia replies to my email from this morning.
give me contact mail id
say that one more time again.
Show me all of my active alarms.
what day was it on my birth date?
Send email to Elain and reminder her not to forget the oranges in the morning
please tell me what time it is
Go to my favorite radio channel.
Email Grandma. Subject, Saturday. Message, we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
sorry but i think it's not correct.
thumbs down
tweet complaint to customer care
map
would not mind.
Please remove any alarms that I have set.
agree.
turn my morning alarm on
great work, you did well.
Olly has David got back to me yet?
remember <unk>
How much is indian rupee going against US dollar?
lets go Nazi hunting, PDA!
Cheapest flights to Kansas City from Dallas
send an email in response to this
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
Set a meeting for tomorrow
I need to set a reminder to go to a work meeting on friday at 2:00PM.
What is today's weather?
Open and play music from jazz genre
How many alarms are currently set?
that is useful, appreciated, olly.
Remind me to do something then
please add my business meeting for 10am at the office with bill
What is the geographical significance of India ?
Please defined about internet.
oops, you did not get me.
Let me know if there is a town meeting Monday.
Olly, show the method to prepare icecream
not use
set an alarm 40 minutes from now
Is there any carnival taking place in our area
reach by mail to my family.
IS OBJECTS PREFERS ANY PROBLEMS
My flight is by 6 pm, please keep me posted.
uhh no, you didn't understand what i meant.
Add this email to my address book.
Can you brighten the lights for me?
Book me a train ticket to Chicago for tomorrow morning before 10.
Email dad about fixing my car
Give me the release date of this song
How is the weather right now?
When is the last time I contacted John Smith.
Work sucked today.
Is the brightness of my screen running low?
How many bucket fulls would it take to empty the dead sea?
What time is my wakeup alarm set for?
yeap excellent response to command.
Are there any trips to Location A provided by the train?
tell KOC on twitter at KOC your wait time sucks
what do you think about future
would you start over.
Tell me all my lists.
Make a note on my to-do list to call the realtor.
Where is Yosemite Park?
Make a tweet complaint to
What week of the year does the summer season start?
PDA: Add Bill's email to my address books and lets send him a message
by remote sensor
Help complaint to consumer service
what is trump's approval rating
What is the current traffic situation
it's nice one, thank you very much.
turn <unk> on
what's the latest news from BBC?
Set colour blue for all lights of my house
uh no, you didn't get what i was looking for.
PDA please give me the time.
Talk quieter please.
uhh no, i did not say this.
Olly can I use brown sugar instead of white in peanut butter cookies?
Show me the list of pending meetings.
Show me today all train times of next 2 hours at Jodhpur to pali.
I want to hear Chopin now
do not speak today
Am I free at 4:00pm?
What does hypothesis mean?
New gadgets.
list all the meetings scheduled for today before 6 pm
set a remainder for 12 pm for lunch
What is the time in Las Vegas?
what is the timing of bagmati express
consumer desk
Is it 5 O' clock already?
Shall we play a game?
How do you describe a capabara?
Order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms from Pizza Hut.
turn <unk> to green
Did I get an email from Jen last night?
write me a tweet about how horrible their management is
you are so helpful,, olly.
would you please elaborate your answer further to me.
Tune into 99.5 FM.
compose an email to _____
Will the UV Index be above 8 today?
Add girls night out to my calendar
show reminders
draw
Siri, what is $10 in Euros?
Olly, should I open the sun roof?
thanks, it's good one.
start next podcast episode.
please could you check the details.
include an item to a list
Dim the lights to level 2
Will it be good to buy NIKE stock today
Turn the living room's light off
send an email to john (body)
Olly, remove all of my alarms.
your answer was not so clear.
How tall is Brad Pitt?
How many hours ahead is NYC?
Play the radio band with documentary
Ok Google, give me the time in Sydney, Australia
remind me to check morning news update
Echo which songs to I listen to most.
Access recipe book please?
Inform me about the most popular rom-com movie playing now in theatres across New York.
wouldn't know, olly.
I want exact time in Washington right now
would you confirm detail.
thanks for reminding me, olly.
What is the 5 days forecast looking like in New York City?
respond back to the mail
Tell me what lists I have.
use google to show me how to cook
Remind me on 5th March of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
Did I make a shopping list?
Tell me what clothing stores are within 5 miles of me.
Remove item 3 from the list.
what events are coming up
Open parcheese game for you and i.
Pleae play me the Madonna song again
I want to finish listening to the book 1984 from where I left off.
With whom do I have appointment today
can you check and confirm that.
*clapping sound*
can you tell me what date it is
I want to see the news.
don't really mind to choose any one.
Do i need to carry an umbrella tomorrow
Cancel schedule for 7 days from today
Spell and define oscillate
I need to make a list of bills that are due
AM or PM
How does the dollar compare to the pound?
you did perfect job, thank you very much, olly.
Read me the newest article on the new solar system.
clarify me further on last sentence please.
how long should i boil an egg
What is the composition of our nails?
Is it windy today?
Show me some food court nearest to my location
Searching information online
Could you open my list app and check for groceries, please
you rock, musch appreciated.
Play chess app
remind me about shopping 30 minutes later.
Remove list item
Lets have a break for 5 minutes
Please share up to the minute details on Sprint.
Turn on the robot vacuum.
What time is it now in GMT?
please could you check what said.
How safe is the city regarding law and order.
which event is going on in my area?
I need help with cooking baked chicken.
Start email for address not in contacts.
Check out my to do list.
yes excellent response to the command.
PDA, I want to listen to a joke.
Remember this music
Hey Olly how's it going
How long will it take to get to the airport
Look up for the residential address of my team leader.
well done, musch appreciated.
reopen groceries and add milk
Place order for usual burritto at Chipolte
Mute speakers
not a good day
Schedule meeting with our employees regarding bonus.
that does not matter to me, olly.
Tell me a fun fact!
Delete the dog list for me
I hope we could have lunch together
remind me about the meeting
Give me the opening stock price of Acer computers
Delete my meeting for 1:00 PM on March 19th.
Play all my favorite songs
How much is 20 Argentinian pesos in pounds
Play the music
please increase the light of table lamp
who is the singer
Update me on latest news
coding tutorial
Play music from Party playlist
PDA, send email.
you have got it exactly.
please check and confirm the instruction.
i have no idea.
no, you gave me wrong information.
remove all alarms
What is AMZN worth?
please rephrase more on the last sentence to me.
How many millilitres is two table spoons?
Are there any emails in regard to my promotion?
add appointment to list
try what you have said once again please.
will you please check that.
identify song
Please turn my speakers on, Google.
uh no, it isn't what i asked.
What are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox?
please check episode no 41 of taarak mehta ka ulta chasmah.
it's correct.
i have to go
could you rephrase again to me please.
Say about geography of London
will you retry that command spoke.
remove 'table' from furniture
order chinese food
Are there any new videos on the youtube for New York Times?
trash the current list
could you please rephrase more on what you've just said.
is it snowing outside?
Launch super mario.
appreciated, that's wonderful job.
what is a good Iranian film from 2016
please again explain.
Tell me today's weather report of city A.
How's the weather like in New Jersey
what is the first 5 subjects in the email?
play radio!
do i need umbrella now
REPLAY THE MUSICS
I can't see, turn up the lights.
Is there any event today in my calendar?
Play all Order of the Green hand from previous week
Mike and Jack should be added to festival calender
could you say the last one spoken one more again.
anything is good to me.
Olly I need a cab in 30 mins
I need some ideas for dinner that are Mexican.
Olly, what is going on in South Tampa today?
What's the weather in Toronto today
I mostly pay attention
Olly, remove my wake up alarm.
Inform my group that the new meeting date is tomorrow.
Have you added a meeting with Tom tomorrow at 9 pm?
you have done that right thank you so much.
Just set me reminders about meetings with my colleagues
Play with me PDA.
I want to hear something <insert genre>
Please check for recent emailstudy from this sender.
MY CHOICE TO PLAY AN AUDIO FROM FIRST
Set an alarm for 9PM
On the list, tell me the names.
Remind me if I miss my evening walk routine
s2, i couldn't quite catch that.
Tell me when I should leave for a scheduled event so that I am on time.
would you please check and confirm my last command.
thanks but it is not the right response.
Can you play Katy Perry.
Book my 1st class AC ttrain icket from New York to San Francisco
Is it going to rain today?
decrease volume
s2, i am not so clear about your answers.
What is on my to do list?
Please play Top Country.
How do I make a turkey?
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of 23 March
Pull up Outlook, I need to send a email.
startet
define xy
send an email to a new address
then tap OK.
How this song?
could you replay please.
what time
PDA, What happened on July 4th 1776?
i would like you to check and confirm that please.
tell me today's sports news headlines
Is jackie chan married
what alarm do i have set for today
change to blue
Play the radio please
Use this word in a sentence
alexa what is going on today?
Send an email to Shelly and ask if we are going to dinner next Monday night
Alexa, I want to know the best super market in this local area
Show me rediff masala
will you please clarify again to me.
i would like you confirm it please.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight?
can you speak one more again.
it has a meaning of rhythm
What do you know about America
lower the overhead lights
yes you've done it perfectly.
Place an order for a combo platter from China Buffet.
you are my hero, thank you so much.
Could you please check if I am free on Thursday afternoon? If so, add a reminder to go to the food festival
yeah wonderful response to command.
My weekly plan
Can you please create a list for me
Play best hits from given artist,
add 'new year's eve' to calendar
what time is it?
I would like to place a call to amazon customer service
Open my podcasts
olly remind me about tomorrows meeting tonight
go to calendar
sorry but i think you have me wrong.
Can they do delivery?
new event
play music composed by some one, giving short hint about the album.
there are errors.
Olly has Robert emailed me yet?
s2, i was unclear about what you've just said.
Is there takeaway at Donut Junction
What can I do tonight in the city?
turn off all the lights
Dubai marraige
Who is the most frequently called person in my phone book?
Are there any veg restaurants in Phoenix?
How many meetings are on my calendar today?
Olly, turn on kiss 107FM radio
what time zone is arizona
reply to last received email
please tell me that again.
open email
What's the current temperature?
listen carefully that is not correct.
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
please do it again.
Play Shane Dawson podcast
please could you confirm question.
Continue the Smurfs book.
check my email please
What is the largest continent in the world
book an uber to pick me up now
I want to see all set alarms
Download Duncan Trussel's latest podcast.
Scratch that one from the list
What's the latest headline ?
what is the answer to 1 times 2
Is my schedule full?
Stop!
When is the last local departing from Mumbai CST to Pune?
Is it windy out?
I need a train ticket to (location). Book ticket.
i need a event to be created with only these people
i do not understand it.
check celebrity wiki
What is the plan for tonight?
hey siri what time is it
Please increase volume in music player.
it is perfect work, musch appreciated, olly.
please play some jazz
you gave me wrong information.
tell me about the meeting i have this week
Could you get me some coffee
Alarm clock
Remove Ashley from the wedding invite list.
Email to Matthew with content: Project finished, send me invoice please.
How do you define problematic?
add the song the new playlist
What event is next?
Call Sarah.
Olly, what is the best Mexican restaurant in Seattle?
how to calculate trigonametry
what is john's last name?
repeat daily
good response to command.
yeap right response.
can I see my lists for today
Cancel tomorrow's meeting with Chuck.
search for pizza nearby
it's excellent, appreciated.
add mop to hardware store list
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
did you get my last command correctly?
check the weather app to see if
Is snow coming tonight?
stock please
that's enough, cancel.
Can you turn off/on the wenmo plug socket.
What is Barack Obama doing right now?
Lower lights in kitchen
will you tell me one more again.
did you get the last thing said correctly?
would you stop.
Please check for new unread emails from Paul
What is the financial capital of Canada?
Update my status.
what are you?
What's an interesting fact not many people know?
Please play popular music on Pandora.
exactly.
erase all the events in the calender
Update to current time
Olly has mom sent me any emails?
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
What do I have scheduled on July 7th?
MUJHE 8 PM YAAD DILANA MUJHE KAHIN BAHAR JANA HAI.
Alexa, I would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
Latest updates on Syrian Civil War
i need a ride home
What is the time zone in Florida?
Twitter to destination XL that they run out of sizes too fast.
Tell me what is on the list
Can you tell me which movie is going on in the nearby multiplex?
Show me recent emails
Give an entry to this list.
Add a reminder on Thursdays at 11:30 am and name it dance classes
thanks but i think you didn't get this correctly.
What is the date of birth of Keanu Reeves?
tell about latest events
Change up the light colors at home.
volume louder please
Show me nearby takeout restuarants
Send an email to my boss about my leave
will you just stop please.
I want to hear I Got You Babe, by Sonny and Cher can you play that Olly.
save this event
could you speak it once again please.
what is set for the weekend three weeks from now
how much is the us dollar vs the pound
what is a good rap album that came out this year
What is the time in Bangalore ?
What song is playing right now?
Clear my activities list for today.
Show me the latest email of jack
I need a train ticket to...
jazz
Open Google Calendar. In the My calendars section, click the down arrow that appears when you hover over your calendar, and select Reminders and notifications from the drop-down.
olly just cancel.
play a song of your choice for me
What's going to be the cure for cancer?
are you sure thats correct.
When was the Bolshoi theatre constructed?
Turn on the tunes.
i need to hear what you've just said again.
Give me directions for the place
could you please confirm that.
that is of no importance to me.
olly shut down.
meaning of name
create a reminder for meeting
Request an Uber now
Can you play me a rap song on the radio
i like you confirm last thing i said please.
Tell me the preparation method for Chicken 65
Give me the train time
please could you check and confirm detail.
Can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area?
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
Has any personal emails come in yet?
Set my alarm for 8 AM.
where is the meeting tomorrow at 4pm
i am sorry but it's not the right answer.
yeap you get that perfectly.
I would like Classic Country
oh no, thanks.
Will the weather be bad on Sunday?
Clear all my calendar events
what are the top headlines around the world
What was the news for today from news provider
train schedule to..
PDA set this date to repeat reminder
play my first favorite song on loop
Stop 7am alarm
send this content via email
PDA, Internet Please
explain marketing
book xy resume
GOOGLE HOME
PDA, change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow.
Play Kari Jobe for me
convert time zone
What is my schedule for the day?
What does animal mean
Is there any new news on Trump?
Please clear my calendar of all events.
play radio x programm 1
Turn off my bedside lamp, please
John's birthday is March 5th, please note this.
well done, i appreciate it.
Alexa, send mom an email and find out what the weather is like for the week
open songs from Major Lazer
thanks but i think it's not the right command.
How large is Alaska?
check weather I got an email from rohit?
What is the next event in my calendar?
Tell me random joke.
How long will be the duration of the event?
Can you erase the haircut I have scheduled for Friday?
Olly, I need a funny joke to tell Sam.
select the weather option
hey siri cancel my next appointment
play my mash up
If it is 6AM here what time is it in Tokyo?
how many yen for each dollar
Play Sleepyhead by Passion Pit.
Can you play radio for me.
you helped a lot, thank you.
olly will you stop.
Repeat schedule.
thanks but it is not correct command.
Are there any unread messages in my inbox?
hoover the hallway
Respond to mom's mail message about the recipe site.
what is the weather update for tuesday
replay this mail.
oh that's fantastic job, olly.
Are there any upcoming concerts by U2?
write my complaint and tweet it to customer service
put the radio on
Open spotify and play list 5
tell me what you've just said once more please.
Today calender
Resume my audio book from karl Pilkington
My list should be ready, mind telling me what's on there?
what song is this
PDA, Is God gonna cry today?
you are my star,.
Get in contact with (sender) on email
book an Uber for 1 hour from now
Please tell me what's on the list
Olly, give me instructions on how to cook chicken.
Will you have the vacuum start cleaning?
it was helpful,, olly.
define elaborate
DId anybody email me today?
LEARNING GAMES
What time does the festival start?
What is the size of a small cub
What purpose the event been scheduled for
weather report of the week
Play some radio.
play indi song from fm
set my alarm for 12pm
replay what you've just said.
dammit, that's not what i said.
olly can you shut up.
i am sorry but i think you do not get me.
I have a meeting by 2 pm today, please remind me.
I want to hear this radio station now
Will it be over 90 degrees tomorrow?
time constrain
How to cook Spaghetti?
sum of five and two
Can I get delivery from dominos?
Give me the latest information about President Trump please.
appreciate your help.
is there any Chinese places in Benton AR
what is today's day
correcly.
Give me the birth date of Mahatma Gandhi
Any interesting happenings in the world?
Play 30 Seconds to Mars' new album.
What video game should I play next?
Please tell me when's my financial meeting?
Tell me the name of the song?
What events are near me ?
please would you try that one more time again.
olly please just stop.
mail x@x.org
Is there a train from Philadelphia to New York City at noon?
Can you let me know the weather of Alabama tomorrow
Brighten the lamp next to the sofa
When can I expect my Chinese takeout from Fortune Garden?
what is going on in politics
Remind me to to to the gym every Friday at 8:00am
GIVE SOME OF DELETE IN TODAY EVENTS
it doesn't matter for me.
Domino's Pizza consumer service complaint
i think it's not the correct command.
check weather
Where was Marlon Brando born?
Please remove all items on my calendar
hmm, not correct.
I want to listen to the podcast of the Super bowl this past year.
Email to Caroline: How are you? Can you send me updates on last project. Cheers Tomasz
it seems like olly's response you've understood is incorrect.
send a replay email
get news from cnn
Does Peking Garden deliver?
away off from list
i appreciate helping.
What will bw thr time now in Washington
play music in library
How were trebuchets built?
please will you tell me that phrase one more again.
Look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency 100.1
Order from Dominos
yes good response to command.
remove 'new year' from calender
Today I searched all over for my phone and couldn't find it Olly.
will you please check the detail.
PDA! Ask my friend hows the climate there.
I'd like to email Mary and ask if she wanted to meet up after work at TGI Friday's.
did I get anything new from my boss?
Where are
What is the date of the last Sunday in the month.
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
Secure train passage for me on July 3.
Favorite places to eat
i want to hear surfin usa
Could you tell me what time it is?
What time is it in Cleveland, Ohio?
thank you for answers, olly.
why do some poeple still think the earth is flat
Turn off the lights, please
I had food as soon as I got up
you did good work, thanks.
its not possible
Recommend a movie with Justin Bieber.
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
Repeat the last message
create reminder for laundry at 8pm
will you start over please.
please set on 8th july there is music concert in white field
Send an email to... that says....
Tell me this song
riddles
Put Summer Lovin' in 3rd position in my queue.
Any important emails
Give me the description of smartphone software
What events are scheduled this week?
Give me the detailed schedule for next week.
Turn off the PDA's sound
Is there any chances of rain this week.
Please access GPS to direct me
PDA, I would like to make a post on ****
please start over.
i need to hear what you've said again.
Olly what is the best brand of milk chocolate?
Find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
Please play some jazz misic
send a tweet to dominoes about bad delivery
would you explain more on your response to me.
Play dinner party music.
Find updates from Vicki's Facebook from Mardi Gras day
What is Derek's phone number
Are there any news stories I can check on that are new?
I need to seem my lists.
Please remind me my favorite show is coming on at 1 pm.
I would like my PDA to provide all countries and peoples cultures and likes
it is of no importance with me, olly.
What is the factorial of (9/3)?
Read me my alarms
What causes if I had junk food and alcohols
Who is Rihanna dating right now?
Book a train ticket from here to Charleston, West Virginia at 8 AM today
set a reminder alerm for my 5pm meeting please
Remind me about Mike's birtdays
How much money in US would I need to have a thousand pesos?
Source and Destination
i wouldn't really know.
Book a train tickets for me
contact detail of X
music
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
I always pay attention
i am sorry but it was not the right command.
thanks but i think you do not understand this right.
Hey Olly, order a side of hot wings with my previous order.
Make sound louder
Who is currently leading in the parliamentary election?
Play my '90s R&B playlist.
you have done it correctly.
Keep the socket in off condition
could you please have Uber be at my house in fifteen minutes?
make it dark in here
Which list has this on it?
stop.
thanks.
Please start new list
What is the nuclear triad?
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
can you again rephrase me on your answers.
complain for cheating
ARE YOU SOLVE MY MATH ?
replay that.
What is on my list?
How can I hibernate like a bear?
Temeperature
Play from my play list
Remember that this song is depressing for me. Please don't play it during the winter days.
Direct me towards nearest railway station.
yeap you have gotten your understanding right.
Schedule a reminder on 15th march and input name as meeting
Olly recommend a blue grass band event within 20 miles of Mancheser, MA this week.
Give me the news from source
Start radio and go to frequency on 92.7
Please send the following email to Uncle John: Yes, I will be there.
Remind me about my meeting this afternoon please.
What times do the trains run between here and the Met?
cancel all alarms
turn the lights blue
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
what is the weather in this week
best
how old is Trump?
Switch the light off in bedroom
Is Adele going to go on tour?
s2, i could not get that.
pls turn off the alarm
you rock,.
Meet James at Mill Creek Cinema in McKinleyville California at 9pm
it's great one, thank you so much.
what is the sensex and nifty points for today.
What time is my next appointment?
Is there a canoe shop around here Olly?
can you check last thing i said please.
Take out event from calendar
what about the newyork city traffic?
Send wedding invites to all wedding party.
Describe the Statue of Liberty.
wonderful response.
PDA: What do I need to make pot roast
what's the the weather in Chicago?
Smiley
really i wouldn't mind.
Increase the volume please
Please relocate all dates to the trash
How many bots are in a dollar
Show me emails from my friends.
s2, i was not so clear about what you said now.
please tell me how cani remove the item
oops, you have made some mistake.
following event
Where is ... located?
Create reminder for meeting in two hours.
What are the top news headlines right now?
definition for object name
Alert me when registration opens
try what i've just said one more time again.
i appreciate it, that was great.
What is _________?
please tell me once again.
NPR TED Talks
thanks, that was awesome job.
When does the hockey Game start on Friday
dammit, wrong command.
Remind me about my schedule for the afternoon?
alexa event reminder mona tuesday
you are star, i appreciate it.
When was the song playing now released?
PDA what does this week's weather look like
Open iHeartRadio and put on the top 40
off the plug
send complain through tweeter consumer service
Turn off the lights in my room
What is the breaking news at MSNBC?
Set notification for news on the stock market
do i have an appointment next week
could you speak one more again please.
pencil me in for sarahs birthday thing on the 12th, PDA.
Book for me an Uber taxi to Carmen Drive
or you can email to my sister and ask her how that weather is it in California?
make a list
PDA, Please book me a taxi/Uber
What are the items on my list?
i want you to confirm question please.
Show me how to cook lasagna.
reply email received
forex rate of euro to usd
What are the most recent developments on (specific topic)?
tell me jokes
What is the birth year of Barack Obama
How much is 500 pesos worth?
Set a reminder of birthday of jack on 15th march
Enable shuffle
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
Make my calendar empty
MAIN APNE SPEAKER KA VOLUME KAM KARNA CHAHTA HU.
find list and remove apple
I want to hear some Beyonce.
I want to hear country music
your answer is not clear.
What is on the list for today ?
Please find the recipe for meatballs
clear my calendar for tomorroq
Olly, please tweet a complaint about a store i visit
Add these documents to the things I need to travel with.
Play for me American Idol on Television
what day of the month is it?
Who sings the song that I am listening to right now?
how to go the nearest mall asap?
Make a playlist of music from artists on the Exodus CD
that's good one, appreciated.
what does obligatory mean
tell me the weather this week.
Describe a rotor
Can you give me the newest phone number for Bobby McGee?
olly would you just cancel.
What are the latest photos on my Instagram account
well done, musch appreciated, olly.
When will team meeting start
do i have a meeting on friday
NOTE DOWN THIS EVENT ON MY CALENDAR.
Play 1999 by prince
that is nice work, thanks.
how is the traffic in MG road?
olly stop.
List out all song
Shuffle and play blue playlist
please remove remainder
Play '70s music now
Book a train ticket weekend of  the 26th Phoenix to Los Angeles
How is the current weather in California.
Show me the train schedules to the Metropolitan Opera House.
Check my inbox
mark location A as an event on calendar.
play sholay
Turn lights off.
Olly, I would like to here Pictures next.
What's Trump been on about this week?
Save the date October 1st Ann and I are going to lunch at 2pm
have remainder of the program to listen
Please google location and information of Mount Rushmore
Please we're the following alarm
I hope it is sunny weather there.
latest news on cars
Did I get any emails from Sam today?
olly start the oven
Are there any new emails?
Please clear Jeff's birthday from the calendar.
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Canadian Dollar
what is the stock price of Sensex right now?
can you please confirm what said.
Most current local news
Jokes
What's the latest news from T-mobile?
Book me a train ticket for Saturday.
does not matter.
play last mises.org podcast
sorry but it's not the right answer.
Is it going to rain in the evening?
can you retry the last one said please.
thanks for the helping, olly.
Continue reading Moby Dick to me.
Play a game of Chess with me.
bring back talking after 40mins
Switch off the smart socket
What is the (currency) worth?
Refresh my email.
Recent tech headlines
Play my motivational playlist.
Alert me when the outside temperature reaches 68 degrees
Play next song of my selected
What's the closing price of Apple?
i am unclear about it.
Remember to remind me about client meet at 4 pm.
Will you please turn the lights off?
find chicken tikka recipe
Add my co worker, Ann to submit project for work on Tuesday.
How long do I chill an icebox pie?
What's on the list?
Play my Spotify Dance Play List
is the weather bad in new york right now
Olly, clear the list
Can you make the lights go out?
any important notifications.
most viewed list
What on my list to do today evening.
Could you play poker with me
Hey Olly, what time can I catch the nearest train to me?
this doesn't really matter.
At what time does the next train leave for Berlin?
Reserve a taxi
I want to play rock paper scissors, let's play
Olly recommend some local shops to me.
Olly, name me some current events in the Bay Area.
uhh no, i think you have done a task incorrectly.
is there any affairs of ileana d'cruz
HEY, I WANT TO SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FRIEND.
that's wrong.
Book a train ticket for Friday April 14th for Boston
Show me all meeting reminder
Please play my Pop playlist
google train tickets to washington dc
Play me a game of tic-tac-toe
Go to Pandora, find 21 pilots radio, play please
Please define textual
Delete the list item about the meeting.
I go with black sunglasses or not ?
play 'love songs'
shit, that's not what i was searching for.
can you play music by pink floyd?
What is the meaning of the word home
skip to next
Can you tell me the time?
Ok Google, can you speak louder
Would you please play Aces High?
currency converter
send voice email
What is the news on Donald Trump
Start house cleanup
that's all, just cancel it.
would you stop it.
traffic please
99.9 FM is currently playing what music?
sorry but got me incorrect.
Do I have a party tomorrow save on my calendar?
I want to order some food
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
Olly i got promoted today, it feels so good
topography melbourne
Turn on some music!
please run the vacuum
8 AM Manila time is what in Eastern time?
What's going on here ?
Is it going to warm up soon?
Buy a train ticket to Cleveland for April 14th
Make me laugh, I want to hear a joke.
what is robin williams birthday PDA?
Turn off this light
Hey, I'd like you to order burger
s1, please clarify me about this further.
Set up a meeting with my sons teacher for Friday.
Whats the time in Chicago?
i am sorry but that's incorrect.
can you check for any new emails?
really i don't mind.
what are the measurements of a Rubix Cube
start some music, play the radio
show bbc report of migrations
What's the next event at the library?
Where is burmuda triangle
add doctor's appointment  monday at 3 to calendar
convert 1 pound to US dollar
What are pounds worth right now?
olly would you shut up.
Is the meeting with Julie at 3 pm on Wednesday?
i didn't ask for it.
olly will you shut up.
increase lighting
Is there any reminder for me?
Tell me what's on my Holiday list.
Add haircut to my appointments on Saturday aftyernoon at 4
End this podcast, start anew.
tell me once more please.
Show me the time in New York City.
s2, i was not so clear about what you said.
tell me the defination of...
Start coffee.
Any new Pinterests from Linda?
I have some ____. How do I prepare this?
lower the volume 10%
When are the next 3 trains to Boise?
Dim the lights in the bathroom
Is it going to rain in Manhattan today?
Send a Tweet
How many mountain ranges are there in the United States?
add to calendar and repeat
Can you remove the last list for me?
post on my fb account that i got engaged.
how much has hp stock gone up?
Olly, what day of the week is Halloween?
I don't want to attend the dinner on March 1st anymore, so could you remove it from my agenda?
hey siri have you heard any funny jokes lately
stream all songs from 'rock'
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
Start playing X.
i appreciate it, it was awesome.
it's good job, thank you so much.
are you ok
Please turn off the light of my son's room
what time does the train arrive at______
command was exact.
Should I bring a coat with me?
what is the distance between New York and Berlin?
drop a message to Jan, write I will be late
What hour is it in New York now?
thanks for the helps.
i beg your pardon.
Show all emails regarding the breach
Movies with good rivews
Olly brew my coffee
sorry but this was not the right response.
show bbc news live
Can you explain the meaning behind the abrupt end of the HBO show The Sopranos?
All emails received between 10pm and 7am everyday is to be replied.
i'd like to hear that sentence spoke again.
show me the recipe for cookies
I need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids.
Any recent mails?
It is 10:00 am in Eastern Standard Time, what time it is now it Pacific Standard Time?
Find me the earliest train ticket departing Friday morning to Miami.
brighten my bedroom light
find a taxi for me
Please purchase a Amtrak ticket from Las Vegas, Nevada to Lakeland, Florida leaving on the first of April.
elaborate me further on your answer please.
olly would you shut off please.
Where is my pizza from Domino's at?
get answer perfectly.
play my favorite game.by name xxxxx
Let's roll the dice.
PDA, Can you notify the event in my calendar?
oh that was good job.
am i busy this weekend
Please play (specific station) radio station
Alexa, define Television
Neat
what is the current traffic in washington town
it's helpful, thank you very much.
Do i have alarms set before  6 in the morning?
set up a taxi for 11am tomorrow
can you check and confirm what said please.
Play next Nutritional Facts
alert me at 3pm to goto the concert
How many notifications do I have on Facebook?
Resume the playback of A Child Called It
What are some recent e-mails in my inbox?
Play A R Rahman music
Please, order some sushi for dinner
can you tell me what kind of weather now.
Please play red fm
Order two medium cheese and one medium pepperoni pizza from Dominoes.
great job, you've done well.
Set alarm for 1 hour from now.
olly that's all, just stop it.
What are the chances of the stock market closing below the 200 moving average in the next 14 days
PDA. The time in Cairo please.
The following question asks you to analyze teacher goals and actions intended
Turn on my plug.
Remind me to water my plants every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
Can you please play the next episode of Food Stuff
sorry but i think that's not right.
exchange rate dirham and rupees
i am sorry but i think it is not the right command.
yeap you have understood my instructions right.
yes you have done your understanding correcly.
Post the following as a status on Facebook:
Remove list of Due payment of Rajesh.
Have Bing's stocks dropped?
any junk mails
send email to jerry about the meeting
Show all train and time to Ny
Call Pizza Hut and find out if my order is ready.
Please turn the lights brighter.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE ELECTION RESULT TODAY HAPPENED.
What time zone is Arizona in?
Tell me Lexmark's current stock price.
Play bohemian raphsody for me
Where is the concert of Amjad ali taking place
s2, i was not clear about what you have said.
play npr on this station
wait, it is not the right command.
play The Weeknd
can you check and confirm the detail.
How is the weather?
How many kilometers are in a mile?
what was that one more again.
What type of stone is in this ring
Tell me all the events between today and the 21st?
Please play the ESPN FC podcast following the Barcelona UCL comeback.
Are there going to be any showers tomorrow morning?
How tall are the Rockies?
sorry but i think you didn't get response correctly.
what's the latest about the Olympics
How is the traffic presently near Central park road.
give me the exchange rate between <unk>
show contact of john
asking for this technology
please will you check and confirm the details.
What johncena do
i didn't ask for it command.
can you speak once again please.
Please read out all the alarms that are set.
turn my plug on
can you read me news on Trump?
How many meetings do I have next week?
sunset temperature today
yeah it was confirmed.
cancel
Which was the first satellite to be launched by NASA?
it is useful, thank you so much.
CNN Headlines
would not really mind to select any one, olly.
Read about Mary S
would you further rephrase me about your words.
What day does Halloween fall on this year?
show emails about contract
What's the stupidest question anyone ever asked you?
Can you please describe the I phone seven?
Please order me pizza and wings from papa johns now
I need to know about the height of mount everest.
Turn on living room radio
Play next song.
let's start over.
movies of tom hanks
Are there any events going on nearby?
can you tell me the current time?
i appreciate it, it's awesome.
Play the latest song of Eminem.
What are the current movies playing in my area?
that's awesome job, thank you very much.
Tweet to Amazon about late delivery of my TV
Can I wear shorts out while shopping today?
please lower the volume
do i have any unread emails
give me name and type of this music
tell me this date program
Go silent until 3 pm.
Show newest emails.
Does MIley Cryus have any siblings?
Shazam
COULE YOU PLEASE PLAY THE SONG OF MICHAEL JACKSON.
Play me a random song from my playlist.
Today was a hard day.
What time I am waking up tomorrow?
sorry but it is incorrect.
Call a call for me to where I am currently located.
play next please
that was cool, musch appreciated.
yeap that was wonderful.
list everything left on my query
Will the temperature stay about the same, or is it going to get colder?
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY COMPUTERS
Do a tournament with me in Candy Crush
What is a caftan?
Play this song on 12am
amazing job, you did well, olly.
Can you give me details on John?
Cortana, increase the brightness of the lights.
My lists
what are the latest prices of the stocks
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
Do you know any jokes?
Do I have a meeting on Saturday March 25th?
set an alert for 2pm
Open Pandora and search for a classic rock station.
Add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at 7am
Tell me who has the most number one hits on the billboard top 20.
Remove the list called Party Time
Lets talk. I am bored right now.
fantastic.
olly will you stop please.
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
make coffee now
clear all events on my calender
Change the lights in the living room to green and red.
local market
Mute the sound.
do i have an appointment for lunch tomorrow?
Remind me of my sister's birthday party tomorrow an hour before it starts.
On what date is Easter this year
could you tell me that information you just said once again.
turn on 1027 webn
how to make cheescake
no, that's not it.
delete the old playlist and create new
fix the lights in the living room to red
Just let me know whether today it will be sunny
facebook info
I want to wake up at 6:00 am tomorrow please
Tell me how to get to Nubs Nob
change my mum's email in my phonebook
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
dammit, it isn't what i meant.
info of rowan atkinson
be my friend
olly will you please shut down.
well done, thanks.
please will you check it.
Turn on my playlist and play third song in the queue.
please can you further explain me about your words.
i would like you check and confirm the last thing i said please.
Is the aniversary event on 22nd of this month true
Cortana, open MSNBC news.
Olly, find me the cheapest train ticket to Spain.
shit, not correct.
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
Is tonight the full moon?
May 22 is my birthdate and i want to know the what day is 23rd may
thanks for asssistance.
Show me the train schedules between madrid and barcelona for tomorrow
Remind me at the 15th of every month.
Where is the car?
How tall was Abraham Lincoln?
john marriage anniversary
Clean up my schedule
How many runs did Cheteshwar Pujara scored yesterday?
What is the time in India, when the time in US is 12pm
it seems like olly's command is incorrect.
Play jazz music now.
what do you mean by saying it.
I need to subscribe to the newspaper.
well done,, olly.
Any specific event in Washington ?
When is my next meeting
snooze
System, pull any traffic news for my commute.
What is tomorrows weather predicitons?
you have done it correctly thank you, olly.
can not get last sentence.
you did it wrong.
What are the specifications for the new iPhone?
What is the time in the Pacific timezone?
Please start the vacuum.
Report the time in Miami.
Please put my birthday party on the calendar.
what is the latest from my feed?
thanks but i think it's incorrect command.
ennema eatha
Narendra mody
Add <name> to schedule for <date/time> at <location
Create a new list, please
will you remind me of my next dentist appointment one day before?
Read my todo list?
that is not so clear.
Which Mountain range is the largest?
Send a tweet to Apple that their batteries drain too fast
PLEASE GIVEN AN 2D 3D EFFECTS
Does Pink have a new baby?
after cooking  the stuffs add some masala content and cook it again in a tawa and serve
local news from bay news 9
How many new emails for this week?
olly can you shut down please.
Turn off the lights in the living room, please.
How old is Angelina Jolie?
oh no, you have done that wrong.
Send an email to mom.  What is the weather like there this week?
i love this song
that's all, just stop.
i appreciate your helps.
wine shop
Start a new grocery list.
I want to hear Limelight by Rush
the time the meeting start
Please tell me when is the marriage of mr.JIM?
it's cool, thank you very much.
Set an alarm for Thursday at 7 PM.
Search in the web for buying bakeware for muffins
What time is it in Karachi right now.
Olly, give me the average 5 year stock price of home depot.
I need to know the stock prices for Walmart
What is happening locally this weekend?
which date is today
I wish i could play video games together!
Play Superstitions by R.L. Stine
identify object
yes.
PDA look up meal recipe
Friday what time is the forum about Drugs in the civic center?
any one would be fine for me.
Remind me about my anniversary in one day advance.
can you try the last one spoken once again.
Alexa, what information do you have on file in my information about Bill ?
you did the task wrong.
Who is the most popular American actress?
I want to remove @ from list
Can you increase the brightness in the room?
alexa tweet my latest draft to @nsa
To listen music
Remove Mike Stein from Contacts list
how many pages long is harry potter
Olly, is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets?
i think you did that in wrong manner.
Olly, I need a naughty joke, not to naughty though.
what are the best recipes for <unk>
What restaurants are open near me?
remove my early alarms
What is the total number of Oceans in the world?
Erase my Old English Songs list
clean my calender
How old are Kim Kardashian's children?
When will my Chinese food be delivered?
Make lights brightener
We're out of paint, so take bathroom-painting off the list.
Decrease, 20%
please can you confirm last thing said.
What time is my meeting on Friday?
what is the status quo for traffic right now
Please set a reminder for church services on Sundays for 11am.
Olly, i want to listen to 101.1 the whiz
Is there anything important for today?
Olly, what else do I have on the list?
Can you upload my latest selfie in my social media?
i want you check my last instruction please.
Please see see for me the alarms that you have set Sunday morning.
s2, it was not clear to me.
thanks but you are incorrect.
search for X
yes you've got command right.
Ok Google! play some music
Save this song in my favorites.
set an alarm for me at 8am
oh it was great one, olly.
SECURITY AWARENESS
Does it offer pick up?
where are piramids located
Order some takeaway food
Which is the best smartphone in 2017
get ready for the meeting before the event starts
Follow news about Hilary email issue in future.
that doesn't matter for me.
Do you think it would rain today?
PDA, Coffee
what's going on in Congress
Is it raining now?
PDA please make a list.
call person A for meeting.
i want to do laundy at 8pm, create reminder
need info
can you please confirm last thing i said.
Can you boil the kettle
latest news
reserve the closest uber
post this message in facebook
Olly, how old is Tom Cruise?
no, i think you've done a task all in wrong manner.
music one
please can you check my last question.
Just let me know the important meetings with my boss over the week
Did you meet her?
How is traffic from work to home.
Please change the volume to mute
what is my upcoming calendar event
Hey, start vacuum cleaner robot
Send an email to Sarah about brunch today.
i appreciate answers.
olly i need next weeks lunch put on the calendar
Is it the 29th already?
i do not care.
now playing
thank you so much for the help, olly.
What is the mass of a microwave
appreciated, that was fantastic.
Should i take my raincoat with me now
will you rephrase me about your answers further please.
is it anyone I knows birthday this month?
open album name
Please pull up the article on dog sitting in the morning news.
Please give me information next movie of aamir khan
what is a chair
i finished it once
What's the exchange rate for...
how was the weather this week
Do I have any upcoming reminders?
yeap exact response.
explain object
my micro oven is not working properly lodge this complaint on snapdeal tweeter handler
Tell me about the current relationship between Russia and the USA.
I don't need x item any more, delete it
What are the lyrics to this song playing
who is the artist
Let me know about the alarms you set
will it be hot?
It's really loud, can you please turn the music down?
don't do it again.
road speed manoeuvres
Which rom-com movie can I watch in theatres around New York
I want to play blackjack.
Play Born to Run from were I stopped
Olly book a ticket to Paris on eurostar at 5pm this friday
please turn on the music i want to hear my favorites songs
I have a 9 am meeting on Wednesday.  Send me a reminder.
what is the most densely populated country in the world?
PDA is it a good day to go to the beach
play a melody music
Remove the alarm
What is the lowest population per square mile in Africa
Do I have any new email messages?
Are there any free events on in my area today?
Whats happening in football today?
Show me the big bang theory?
what is the weather in utah
remind me at 5:00pm that I have a meeting
Please remove march 19ths scheduled event
please let us do it again.
i want you check the detail please.
olly could you just stop please.
i'd like you confirm what i last said please.
Do I have any new Facebook notifications?
Remove eggs for the shopping list
Change the lights of the house to a blue hue.
no.
you have done it right i appreciate it, olly.
Please remind me to go to the post office.
What is the answer to 2 plus 2?
SO CLEAN news in past 6 hours is what?
s1, please elaborate further on your answers.
Delete the scheduled meeting on 4th Oct, 12 pm
describe item xy
Play a game with me
that's awesome work, thank you very much.
Alexa play my second playlist.
that's useful, i appreciate it, olly.
please play {song title} by {artist}
has pound value decreased
Set a reminder to pick up food this Friday.
Put a 7pm meeting time down for March 14th
google the word
Check my new emails and tell me what are they about
Make a post.
send email 'thank you very much' to sarah as a reply
lessen the the light glow
Time & Date
Favorite this music
you have done that correctly thank you so much, olly.
Turn on the Marc Maron podcast
What information do you capture about me?
Cortana, what is the time difference between here and Japan?
Is there a national holiday on 5th december?
temperature in Augusta GA
Please turn off the light
What lists do I have that I haven't updated one way or another in the past week?
Terrorist activities
the command was wonderful.
i don't bother, olly.
play book
Try following these steps to select the correct answer
Where should I go for Mexican food in my area?
Is 13 november marked as holiday
what do i have going on next friday?
yeah you've got that perfectly.
Reduce light intensity
Open media player and play top 40's hits
popup meeting
please could you check detail.
Delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks.
Let me know the morning of my doctor appointment on the 12th.
please say what you've just said once again.
My mother wants to know what the weekly weather will be like send her an email.
s2, did not get your words.
What year was Bill Pullman born?
THIS SONG IS AMAZING, IS NOT IT ?
cleaning is good, dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
Anything unique to do in the city today?
i think wrong.
What has Trump done now?
Use Schadenfraude in a sentence.
delete my 'to do's for this week
remove all my appointments for today
What list is available for food products online?
How many legs does a dog have?
Is everyone on my Facebook list watching the game?
what is the sum of 9 and 12
dance with me!
can you bring me a nice coffee
Set up a meeting with my Tanya for every Thursday at 10 AM.
i would like you to check and confirm the detail please.
What emails are new?
I am gonna need an umbrella today after sunset?
No lights
Do I have any appointments on March 30th
turn on the radio to 105.3
Who is the contact that last called me.
It's a bit dark, increase lighting
How will be the weather today in the evening
Can you please order me some Mcdonalds?
please will you say what i have just said one more time.
Give me the time in PST
I need to set up a new list
How many alarms are listed?
mail to
PDA name: what time does xxxx arrive at xxxx
remind me about
Ok Google, what was the stock price for Google yesterday
What are the list of events in my calender in March
java
I want you to tweet for me to Hathway Customer service as I have got a very huge bill amount.
what has been the best selling product on sports category in amazon for the last 3 days?
are there any electronics shops around white chapel in London?
can you confirm what said please.
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the Euro currently?
Please be quiet for the next 2 hours.
if it is a consumer good then.What is the customer feedback.
i would like to hear your phrase you just said again.
thanks, that's wonderful work.
Get me the recipe for rice
Just add a new email in my contacts from Michael
What is the weather like this week
play some David bowie
i need to confirm all meetings for today, can the invite person
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
hmm, not correct command.
you've done that right.
i will talk to you later on.
olly change light colour to blue
send email to jim
How to go to multi specialty hospital?
any one will be fine with me, olly.
Play micheal jackson
Please turn off my alarm for this evening
can you tell me the time it is
Please find me details about Mt. Everest such as height.
I expect you to remove the item from the list
Olly, what's the current weather?
can you tell me the time right now?
yeah you understood my instructions correcly.
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
olly shut up please.
yeah that's fantastic.
i have no idea for which to select.
Let me know when the next cold front is expected
Make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled.
send mail to sil for cap
I want to order Chinese takeout.
Add an appointment with my dentist for 10 a.m. next Monday.
How many children does Sandra Bullock have?
Tell me the weather.
Tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty-one is.
yeap that is wonderful.
remind me of meeting 5 minutes before time
Olly, are there concerts this weekend in Chicago?
Alter the color of the lights at home.
please again clarify me on your answers.
i can't understand your words.
Olly, I need something fun to do this weekend nearby. Can you give me ideas?
yeah excellent response.
Olly, can you turn the volume up?
would you repeat.
Remove event from calendar
yes wonderful response to command.
s1, would you clarify this again.
What is laptop
Schedule a reminder for 1pm for a board meeting
say what you've said one more time again please.
use facebook to post
Cancel dentist appointment for this week.
whatever will be ok for me.
What are my reminders for today?
Any new mail since last time
Is the traffic smooth right now?
can you tell me what month it is
Put on fm101
reply back to emily
Respond to my email from Bob letting them know i'll see them tomorrow.
what does my morning look like tomorrow?
Delete my 8 pm alarm.
How are you today? Doing well thank you
Do you hear songs of A.R.Rahman music?
I want a reminder that repeats every week.
appreciated, it is great one.
Do I have any new emails in my inbox today?
is the temperature going to be above 50 tomorrow?
s2, i do not catch up with you.
make a meeting with friend
play game
would not mind for any one.
could you elaborate me more on your response please.
google uber
olly that's enough.
play keno
yeap that's confirmed.
Send the email to John.
What is going on right now on twitter?
Ok Google, I want listen to Kevin and Bean
please can you check what i said.
How much is 136 plus 387?
What events are happening between 2-4pm today?
Notify me an hour before my 2pm appointment at the car dealership
Whats the weather in Minneapolis
vaccation
PDA, how do you zest a lime without a zester?
what's happening around me
please tell me local events
s1, would you further elaborate to me please.
Cortana, what are the most recent headlines on CNN?
What temperature should a baked chicken be?
would not really bother.
Play for me Hip-Hop music
Olly, tell me the best excercises I should do to get a  6 pack in a week.
Tell me person A message.
Delete all appointments for tomorrow
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
would you check my last command.
please could you check that.
Next play Justin Bieber's Sorry.
show usd currency value of eur
What ever happened to John Gresham?
Turn on the vacuum cleaner
show weather info
musch appreciated, it was wonderful.
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
Is there a groomer in town for cats only?
What do I have going on this morning between 10-12.
list albums of rihana
Play some calming music for me
When is the next office meeting?
show stage shows near me
Define garbage
i want to sleep
How long will my order be?
Set an alarm for tomorrow, Monday at 8am
book a taxi for me
Can you play my favorite audio book of Harry Potter?
I have to be in hawaii for this upcoming event, can you add this?
sorry but this is wrong.
i don't really mind for any one.
start playing
How many reminders do I have pending?
what do you mean.
could you tell me the last spoke once again.
Tell me present time in Malaysia
Start the 'vacuum cleaner'.
Do I need a light or heavy jacket today?
where is band playing
s1, please could you elaborate me about your words once again.
How many new emails are there in my Gmail?
answer
stop, i think you messed up with.
anything, olly.
it's useful, musch appreciated.
Let me know later.
Check most current emails
Is it 20th March today?
Play the David Bowie song Major Tom
Lower the lights in the house.
What reminders do I have pending?
World War II
can you add to my calendar an event for next friday
Is Colombo on the coast of Sri Lanka?
Siri, how long has Susumu Hirasawa been creating music?
Do you have any regrets, or are value judgments outside the scope of your intellectual capacity?
Remind me to pick up the laundry next Monday
Echo, have I received any emails from my mother?
check what i just said.
What are the lyrics to this song.
I really ska music.
sorry but you messed up with.
search if the restaurant does take out
Add an event at 123 mainstream way for wednesday morning
i will repeat the question clearly for you to understand.
What will the weather be like in Austin on March 16th
Do I have any new tweets?
Am I going to get wet if I go outside this morning?
I want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at 1pm today.
Remove my car payment on the 15th from my calendar.
The next even to do today is
I want to add a lunch date with mike, jim, and bob
one plus two equal ?
2nd march neha and i will go on date.
have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
What degree is it outside?
Play the newest album by Jay Z.
1 dollar equals how much INR
What is the week today?
Dim the lights
Cook me some pasta with cheese and honey in it.
Make the lights off
Vacuum the dining room
Show me my last 2 emails
Alexa, play music relating to the music I listened to this morning.
Send me a reminder to pick up my dog from the groomer at 1pm.
read a books to read list for me please
Hey Olly, what will the weather be like to today in los Angeles California?
yes great response.
Erase calender events
What time is my doctor appointment on March 31st?
PDA please search for cooking tips
Add event for meeting with James
thanks but i think this was not the right answer.
May I know the answer to that question
What is on my to-do list today?
Will it be warm enough after lunch to not need my jacket?
List all the events in my March Calender
Remind me of my meeting tomorrow at 3:00PM
Reply to the email received from Peter
What to do today
play workout playlist
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
PDA check recent news on someone
any one is good with me.
i think it was not correct command.
What time does the sun set?
that's correct.
check and confirm the detail please.
read me my list for <unk>
Add lunch meetings at noon every day this week.
Do I have any available time for a doctor's appointment on Tuesday morning?
Disable all alarms set for today.
i couldn't catch up with you.
What time is 12PM Eastern Time in Pacific Time?
anything will be ok with me.
Give me the age of Chuck Norris.
it is unimportant.
Directions to Virginia Beach, VA
chess playing
Email search, new messages from
Have Pho #1 send 3 egg rolls.
I'm looking for reasonably priced tapas in Miami Beach.
Check the news.
I want to listen to Classic Rock
check my facebook notification
Wemo socket on
Describe how a pump works
Remind me of my dentist appointment in two hours
volume control please
How far is Paran River?
play that last song
please check and confirm details.
do not bother.
Do I need my raingear?
Do they deliver home?
remove tomorrow's alarm
Has Wendy posted on FaceBook?
yeap answer was confirmed.
bbc live
Reply to this please
forward episode of NYT podcast
will you check the details please.
Give me red lights.
Save all of my preferences information specific to songs.
Please call a taxi to arrive at 4:00 and take me to the Manor Theater.
Please say to the email that sent me George, i need the money now. Its urgent
schedule for 6:30pm to 7:30pm
Tell me Mary's cell number?
sports head lines pls
play BBC radio one
At what temperature should I bake cookies?
Tell me that how demonetization policy is affecting India. Tell me all the positive and negative outcomes of Demonetization.
would you check and confirm last thing i said please.
Will it rain Saturday?
Olly, weather conditions for the next day
confirm my last instruction please.
REMIND TO AT 8 P.M. TO TAKE MY MEDICINE.
can you just cancel it.
start a gossip
Please turn the lights off
can you give me some idea about dance bar
On my sisters birthday send her flowers.
Turn all lights off during the day.
Order a train ticket to Los Angeles.
explain your answers again.
tell me the list about
How do i go to Athens by train?
Give me the stock price of Sony
Add event in calendar
dont do that again.
Make new playlist from recent songs
Please play Trivial Pursuit with me.
Google stock price
Time left for 10 am
Send an email to Frank at work.
Lets hear it from FM 96.5
you did fantastic work,, olly.
check and confirm it.
usning calc
Olly start coffee at 6am
tell me the contact details of my brother
Give me the local time of London
mario
tune to <unk>
Where is the closest Sweet Frog?
I am hungry, please contact China Wok for a number seven.
olly where can i get a pizza
Turn off the lamps.
Check my E-mail inboxes and tell me about new mails.
can you explain me further on what you've said please.
you are star,.
Please play next episode of podcast.
Play the new record of Malika
How much is 1000 USD in Indian Rupees?
Who is the artist of the song playing now?
Do the Knicks have a game at home tonight?
Olly, how tall is kanye west?
How high is the S&P?
Tap the System tab. Tap Clock, and then select the Alarms tab. Tap and select the day you want the alarm to sound. Double tap the time displayed on the extreme left to set a time for the alarm,
I would like to know my next schedule details
do I have anything going on tonight?
pls play some music
play the second song from anirudh's song.
please remove all the appointments marked in the calendar for past 5 years.
Please tell me the news headlines.
PDA will i need a jacket
notes
what time is the last train headed to Chicago
Give me directions to get from here to Crescent City Brewhouse in New Orleans
PDA, I love zydeco jams.
What's 1 + 1?
What date is Easter Sunday this year?
how many days are in february?
do not get this.
How old is Hugh Jackman?
How do you make spaghetti
How many times was Richard Nixon married?
tell me a dirty joke
What is the latest poll on the public view of President Trump?
Check email for OTP sent by my bank.
delete the Richard's wedding event next year
When is the next warm day?
no, you don't get what i just requested.
Play for me the music by The Beatles
yeah perfect response to the command.
find if takeaway possible in restaurant xy?
please set a reminder for my 5pm meeting today
tell me the name of this music
Add to my reminders to watch new movie today at 9pm
would you please check last thing i said.
Resolve this 30 -12
What are the latest world news?
i don't bother.
Find an interesting podcast about last Pritzker Price winners
Insert this item.
Give me the current date
change the plan of xxx
can you please further explain me about that.
continue to next podcast.
recipe please
Delete my grocery list in my notes.
Is it true that Beyonce is having twins?
Can you put the vacuum on?
What is the news headlines for this week?
d
alexa play PDR on the AM band radio
What are my notifications
What's playing?
delete appointment at time
Tell me the names on the list.
set an event for friday
doesn't matter to me, olly.
Open a new email to contact.
Delete event for Tuesday
What have I got going on between 3 and 4pm today?
Please start Joe Rogan podcast please.
Can you set my alarm?
thanks but i think you made some mistakes.
I want a recipe for a burrito.
Play the podcast named Ringcast
Give me the shopping list.
can i alk in street this evening
please search for this word
PDA please delete this calendar event
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
local area events?
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
What do I need to make french toast?
Check to see if Pizza Hut has my order on the way.
open the XYZ news app
Play a podcast from my library
How do I steam rice?
Ally, please play Pandora radio.
What events are in my area?
please check and confirm the last thing said.
whats the next train at westcombe park.
meaning of life
that was useful, musch appreciated.
it was cool, thank you so much.
switch off the light on the left
Tell me that list I wrote 2 days ago
Set a 2-week reminder for for the 20th of every quarter beginning 3/20 to pay my HOA.
Find me the local NPR station.
Olly, check my email.
let's try what i've just said one more time again please.
it's good.
i want to hear again.
Please remind me at 8'O clock
order me chinese food
How many ounces is in a quart?
Dollar rupees exchange rate
sorry but it was not the correct response.
nope, you gave me not correct information.
How many square miles is the average country on Earth?
would you please shut up.
What year did Tim Burton divorce Helena?
Change the light color to black light
what's sensational in time of india.
What's next song on my playlist.
hayathis daughter baby shower
Order two large pizzas and 2p pieces of hot wings from dominoes.
no, i think it was not the correct command.
please would you tell me one more time.
please set a notification on 23rd october about meeting with my colleague
will you confirm the detail please.
check the current playing music title.
i'd like you check details please.
Save to contacts
why people like to criticize others while seldom self-criticize?
please play podcasts on science
PDA check someones recent emails
Describe headset
Remind me to turn off the lights in 10 minutes
The meaning of life.
Next podcast.
How much is $50 in Pounds?
My mail
Cortana, it's dark in here
Where is volume setting
what's the time in madrid
can you tell how many hours of difference are between  Boston and los Angeles?
How do I reach Sarah?
would you speak it one more again please.
date of joining
What's the best value marathon to enter in the next 6 months?
Can you delete my shopping list.
For the next three Sundays remind me I have yoga class at noon.
Tweet something for me.
i want to hear the last one spoken again.
play something by The Used.
Will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend?
Delete all events for today.
hey olly I saw a dog today
you did awesome job,.
will you please confirm my last command.
Good restaurants
Erase thislist
Here is something from today
shit, you have done this all incorrectly.
you have done it right, olly.
uh no, that's not the correct response.
would you shut off.
Change house light colors to blue
no, wrong answer.
Repeat Reminder for my schedule for Christmas
OK Google, I need the current DART rail schedule from West Irving Station to North Lake College.
Open Audiobook
Can you add a new email to my contacts?
PDA, turn the radio to kiss fm.
where is my 12pm meeting today happening?
Send a giggle my way
Play my most favorite country song.
Remind me about the meeting tomorrow at 6
i didn't quite catch that.
Which six flags ride is the best?
thanks, that was great one.
What meetings are available in March?
Call an UberPool to get me at Long Island Bar.
Is there any possibility of rain this week
list my today's meeting
Resume The Last Kingdom for me
Delete all mails from fgh.com
what gun shows are in tulsa?
whats happening around my town
Play repeats please
info on lisa ann please
Get rid of that item
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
How many phone numbers do I have for Brenden?
PDA look up recipe and guide for this dish
olly's command is not correct.
August 15th is what day of the week
What is 6 divided by 2
Turn down the lights
Very hectic
would you tell me that once again.
play the song which is in movie rangoon.
find local events
The music of this song is very melodious and relaxing
I WANT TO PLAY THAT MUSIC ONE AGAIN.
How to cook spaghetti squash
When is Bruno Mars coming to Sacramento?
Describe texture
i think the response was incorrect.
wake me up at 9am on Friday
i think you did not get this correctly.
can you remove seeing dentist from my calendar?
please correct the incorrect command.
sorry but this is not the right response.
try to play old 90's classic music
Please put bread on the grocery list
PDA, add event to calender.
Remove my reminder for the meeting today at 1:00 PM.
please can you explain further on your words.
Whose song is this, PDA?
play audiobook of planets
How many emails do I have?
s2, i am unclear about what you just said now.
TO COMPARE IN PEOPLE
Tweet to Apple about non receipt of iphone I sent for repairs last week
Olly make the living room blue
turn my audio higher
could you stop please.
send email to Tim
The wenmo plug should be turned off/on.
What is famous in indranagar
Lower the lights
How is Disney stock today?
set the alarm for 7 am every day
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
In whole india traffic level is very high
I had a great day today, What do you think Olly?
no, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
Are you happy today?
right response to the command.
what is the current time in california
compaint to dept. for food quality
how tall is Jobe Bryant?
show me reviews of Donald Trump
Please define the word bleak.
Go back
Olly, start the podcast over that I started last night.
yeah that is perfect.
Show me the email of jack
can you please check and confirm last thing said.
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
Set alarm of every Tuesday of march month morning 8 a. m.
You like the song?
you've done your understanding correcly.
Olly, what is the weather in zip code 32234?
view all unread emails from Stacy Cadwell
What is the weather?
yes excellent response.
How do I deglaze a pan?
How much does a bowling ball cost?
COULD YOU PLEASE BOOK A CAB FOR ME IN UBER FROM LA TO NY TODAY.
Is Tom Cruise an only child?
What's my schedule like today?
Set any appointment for this event in my calendar.
If it is four pm in Missouri, what time is it in London?
that is confirmed.
wonderful.
Are there any good pizza places around here?
it is not what i requested.
what is month in my calender?
Sum up all the things for me I could do to make myself happier
Remove all the events of last month from the calendar
yeah you've gotten it right.
May i know whats at location 1258745
recheck last action.
What's on my schedule for today?
PDA: Can you turn off the living room lights?
How long does train A take to get to station B?
would you confirm it please.
your answer was incorrect.
I would like to order a meal do have any special offers for sea food
Where is the Closest Restaurant
it's wonderful, musch appreciated.
tweet bad day at Starbucks
check and confirm the instruction please.
Play 2112 by Rush.
what is geographic value of great volcano
i'd like to hear the last again.
Tell me about the latest events going around my city.
sorry but you have messed up with the request.
Read upcoming event's
please explain this sentece from the poem for me
get me with new list.
Which currency is greater the US dollar or Yen?
thanks but you do not get answer correctly.
olly search for pink's youtube channel
alexa play from my last session of joes book.
Turn on the coffee pot.
explain your words again to me please.
Set a reminder of meeting at 9 am tomorrow.
What is the capital city of Colorado?
Does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway?
book me a train ticket in any train to bombay for tommorrow
please could you tell me one more again.
it was not what i am looking for.
play songs by Sia
unread emails
I would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
I want to post a status on Twitter.
s1, can you please rephrase this further.
Will it be cold/
Play songs by ilayaraja artist
where is a walking trail near me
I need to set up a meeting with Debra for Thursday at 3pm.
I would like it to be able to compute answers from search results like wolfram alpha does.
Name me off the lists avaible
Resume audio book history of Rome
yeap you did your understanding correcly.
Remind me two hours before 6pm that I have to wake up at 4 am friday morning
Can you let Delta know I'm never using them again?
go to next podcast
Tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
please I want to hear We will rock you from Queen
Show me how to cook low calorie breakfast.
would you shut down.
Olly, Open 'The Two Towers'
How do you define it.
Tell me an interesting fact about (insert)?
moderate
May i know the weather there ?
describe piramid
i'd like to hear what i've said again.
Remind me about my lunch date for Monday.
Fix the light which has 150 watts
What do you think about the day you will expire?
Start Pandora.
Make my radio turn on
give me more information about the scheduled event on the 30th of march alexa
tune me song in radio.
say again.
Please send an email to the following email address <insert address here>
switch on radio
Alexa, please turn down the lights in the living room.
get me the location of denmark?
Remove all upcoming events please.
How would you reach Moscow?
please further rephrase it.
COULD YOU PLEASE DESCRIBE ME ABOUT THE ITEM SMART PHONE.
how about u
How crowded is Los Angeles?
This is a nice song.
keep that song for when I need cheering up
s2, i was unclear about your response.
Find the mass of the sun.
olly i would talk to you later on.
audio
go to the NSDL and search for prices
Can you find the Breakfast Club radio show?
I am about to meet Tom tomorrow at 7pm
Set a reminder for April 7th at 4 p.m.
start over please.
Hello, I want to turn off my wemo plug,
would you tell me once more.
Could you create a new event with these people only
I WANT YOU TO ANALYZE THE PATTERN FOR ME TO BUY LOTTERY TICKET WHICH NUMBER WILL GET THE FIRST PRIZE.
Update status of ...
rephrase further on your response please.
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
What is the gross domestic product of US?
What country has the most population?
Please add meeting to my calendar
get all availables
show bbc news of migration
Book me an Uber ride to go home
Olly, look up the map to stores near me
Clear my schedule for the month.
Could you please remove the set of alarms between 8 and 9?
Remind me about the meeting with Harry on Monday
Add slected song
on my calendar are there any birthdays
you don't get me.
Alarm Status
PDA what time is it in Austin?
it's awesome, appreciated.
Please save my rating on this song.. it is <insert rating here>
PDA please schedule a meeting with Derrick in Haysi at noon.
PDA, What music is being played right now?
uh no, you gave me not correct information.
set alarm for reminder
sorry but i think got that not right.
what is happening Olly
delete the next event in the calendar
i am not so clear about your answers.
Olly, how much is one dollar in pounds?
Set alarm of Whole week morning 10 a. m. in april month
Change the lights into green
Why are we here?
Is this my sisters cellphone number?
Please tell me current events for the day
exact response to the command.
All music released between 1990 and 2000 is only to played.
PDA, what time does the festival officially start?
What do pink ribbons support?
please will you check my last question.
i like you to confirm the details please.
excellent work, you have done well.
i want you to confirm my last instruction please.
the command is confirmed.
I would like to hear Heathens by Twenty one Pilots.
Please indicate the opening price of fra stock
resume the last played audiobook
It's quiet time
once again.
can you reset it please.
What is the definition of Problematic?
Music change
Please show me the local weather
Is it colder than yesterday?
Please add (event) to calendar
Is it going to snow this weekend here?
is black sea real
May you please pull up information about a contact?
Schedule lunch with Tom next week on Monday at 11:30 am
What is 2 plus 4?
Lights off for the kids' bedroom please, then change the lights to my room to red.
Call Eastwind and order lomaine to go.
tell me about rihana
It's time for junk food!
appreciated, that's amazing.
What's shakin' bacon?
Whic is the biggest continent in the world by area
Pause the music
you don't understand what i asked for.
My all time favorite song is something like this from chain smokers
Olly, give me the list of the top 5 safest cars to buy.
Can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at x time every week day?
get nearest hosptal
why are women so mysterious?
Remind me of the meeting on 1/22
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
What will be weather for tomorrow in mumbai
i didn't say it.
repeat what you have just said.
that is good one, thanks.
who was john dillinger
Give me the description about Smartphone
Add to calendar an office meeting for the next three days
How much is the British pound?
Let me listen to my Top Rock Songs playlist.
What is the time now in San Diego?
yeap the command was exact.
any one is good to me.
how do you cook a good burger olly
show me what lists are available
mention the thing in the list
I also need to buy batteries AAA
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
that's cool, thanks.
Olly play Criminal podcast.
Repeat my reminders from  yesterday?
i am sad
Olly today was a tiring day
How are things looking for the meeting with John?
Definition of computer
hockey
Let's play never have I ever.
it's not what i was searching for.
Read the latest news stories
How much to buy stock in IBM?
How humid is the environment today?
What is the latest news on global warming
Turn off the light in my room after 30 minutes
Hey Olly, what do you store about me?
what is the definition of a galaxy alexa
Light color change
What will be the weather 3 days from now in 5 major cities near me.
Hello hello
lose the last item in the list.
will you please elaborate me about what you have said again.
What are the train times to Chicago?
MSN news
sunny in Oslo?
shall I get an umbrella tomorrow?
tell me about alarms
remind me before monday.
one more again.
I want to see each of my pending reminders.
Don't speak for an hour
olly can you stop it please.
Define and describe an ultraviolet ray
Dollar rate of Philippiness peso
s2, your words was not so clear to me.
Please play next episode of...
Save email id
What will be the weather today night
I want to order a takeaway from Papa John's.
how warm is it now
How hot is it in Miami?
Start a conversation with me about music
What is the subject of Mom's last email?
position the top five most listened to songs on my playlist in a queue starting at most listened to
Olly, what should I see this weekend?
RCCG ikoyi Lagos distance by train will take how long and which direction?
tell me about Rock.!
please would you tell me again.
Start vacuuming
Are you batteries all charged up and ready to go?
Cancel my event on June 19th
Call a taxi to pick me up at work.
could you say one more time again please.
PDA, what is a cow
please check and confirm my last command.
What's the latest on Trump?
I haven't been hearing any King Crimson - please add their first 7 albums.
Book 3 round trip train tickets for Sunday at 7pm, return ticket of next week Sunday at 8am
Bed room 2 lights off
Is there anything I need to be aware of?
its very different
did apple stocks go up or down
Send a mail to mike. Tell him we will meet today 7 PM for dinner at Coffee House.
Please open my contact list
Light off living room.
Do you have the train times for Beaumont, Tx ?
oh that's wonderful.
Start radio play.
PLEASE COULD YOU TELL ME THE GOOD RESTAURANT IN NEW YORK..
Volume louder/softer
What is happening today between 3 and 4pm?
Who sings the song about a long black train?
please would you shut up.
Hello can you give the contact details for a particular service centre.
Please cancel the next event on the calendar
Show me my emails from the past hour.
Play all my favorite latin songs.
phones
type something and post
olly put tomorrows golf tee time on the calendar
When is Stassi Schroedder's birthday?
create a reminder for my exam tomorrow
How is Coca-Cola stock doing today?
When does the super bowl officially start?
get that perfectly.
are thier any new emails for me today
Please tell me about friendahip
Save opinion
What is the current time right now?
yeah you get it perfectly.
Please play jingle bells in media folder
My day was hectic
Olly, i had a long, hard day.
Please play some Lady Gaga.
add meeting reminder for Sunday with my parents in law
OLLY, SEND BOB AND EMAIL
open fm
search next station
delete from the calendar the next event
Remind me 30 minutes before my meeting at 3pm tomorrow
Hi Siri, post my last clicked photo on facebook with title Marry Christmas
latest iphone
tell me the stock rate of hyundai
delete all events from my calendar
make a list of management staff for the 20th oct meeting
Send an email to my family asking how they're doing
How many cm make one foot
how do i make a pizza
can I see my work lists
is umbrella necessary for my outing
mention the list
What are my reminders for this week?
can you check and confirm command.
turn off socketname
are my contacts mostly female or male?
Pull up lights control.
Pleasant
let us try that once again.
Play I am a survivor by destiny's child.
seems like your answer you have was wrong.
open image post
Today is my husbands birthday.
Do you believe in God or do you think you'll become one?
Set a reminder for next Saturday: Go to the library at five o'clock.
Ok Google, lets start FMOD
Play tunes
Play biography of Jackie Kennedy
What is the low tonight in Round Rock, TX?
don't really mind.
What's on for the 14th afternoon that I could go with the two year old twins?
What does it mean to be overbearing?
Follow Trump campaign news feed
Can i get the time?
What list is available for my favorite music from Ed Sheeran
i don't like this band
remind me to start getting ready by 5 pm please
continue playing My book of Vitamins
It's 8:55 here, what time is it in England?
how old is madonna
open song name
google calendar
Play my radio station.
near by grossary
i want you just stop it.
What time does *** start?
is equal to
Is the Mediterranean Sea near to Spain?
When is my next event?
thanks but that's not the correct response.
Olly, give me the most recent stuff you have Angelina Jolie.
Olly, I feel like dancing, play me some rock n roll.
Is it raining in Chicago today?
repeat.
When can i pick up my chinese food?
nice job, you have done well, olly.
Drop my June holiday from calendar
I would like it if my PDA could do my work for me.
Check whether I have set any alarms for tomorrow morning
I want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me, like how often I've eaten out this month.
Can you track my emotions based on the way I speak?
popular culture news
i'd like to hear the last one said again.
could you shut up.
shut up.
Tell me a joke about lawyers.
Tell me the brief definition.
I'd like to play monopoly
Help me get to sleep.
thanks but i think you are not correct.
What is the weather at home
i want you to confirm details please.
you are the best, appreciated.
Before this event set notification
I need a 6 AM wakeup call.
yes you have got my instructions perfectly.
Have i need to take a sun glass ?
What is the definition for this object
could you clarify me more on what you have said please.
Play me last year's hits
Send me current news for the day
what alarms have i set for tomorrow
you have done task all wrong.
delete my to do list
Schedule my 'event' with 'person' at 'time' and 'place'
What is happening around here?
Tell me current events between yesterday and this morning.
play romantic English songs
you did wonderful work, i appreciate it.
Tune into the Joe Rogan show in 10 minutes.
PDA, create an email that needs to go out to my family.
PDA be quiet.
Tell my family this in an email,
oh no, i did not say this.
can you try what i just said again.
let us do it again.
thanks but i think it's not the correct answer.
Can you update me and let me know when my appointment is on x day?
In what scenario would you use word inconvenience?
What is souffle?
Please let me know the what Raj's status update in Facebook
please order me some takeout
Delete the memos that I have scheduled for tomorrow morning.
Set the alarm for two hours from now
start playlist
Tell me about Chuck Norris
Can you tell me if any events are planned in my area?
Tell me about first week collection of Movie Hidden Figures and also tell about the reviews and rating of the movie.
pls change timezone to canada
Can you shut everything down?
ONE DANCE
it seems like your response is incorrect.
Olly call me a taxi to the airport at 5am
jam
it's fantastic, thank you.
where is a good place to eat cheap Pakistani food
I want to hear some modern rock
PDA turn off the office lights
Text Sarah if she is free for brunch today.
Cancel my meeting for Friday
What's new on Facebook?
s1, will you explain me more on what you said now.
Pull up all outgoing emails from yesterday.
How many unread emails do I have?
s1, please once again explain to me.
increase light
Just delete the next engagement event
Remove a list of employees.
Surrounding environment
How hot is it outside today?
Create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner.
Open the contact x(Contact Name) in phonebook
delete this list
What time is it in Mountain Standard Time?
When's the closest concert at ford's?
what are the new movies releasing
Vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
which continent has highest growth of cotton and what is avg. production
When you ask it to schedule an appointment that it can email the specific person and provide available dates from your calendar.
What is the traffic like right now?
Open harrypotter audiobook and play from last played
please be quiet for another hour
Are there ways to go ahead and clear my calendar for the month?
would you please check question.
I want to post on Twitter.
by Hide
I need Jacket after 10 Am or not.
what time is it right now in new york
when is the next train to Philadelphia?
convert 1 uS dollar to euro
CALL CHINA KING CHINESE RESTAURANT
PDAs have features that make them more robust and able to handle inclement weather, jolts and moisture.
this does not matter to me, olly.
s2, do not get your answer.
Olly, lets play tic tac toe
did anyone message me on facebook
remove list please
Tell me about Mary S
Top 10 movies
Create a new email to a new address, which is brandon at example dot com
tweet complaint
s1, can you please explain me about what you said now further.
Actor who acts a role
Turn off bedroom light at 9:30 pm.
could you elaborate me about that further please.
Please tell me the name of this band
get hourly notification on sports news
Please remove all the movies I have watched on my favorites list.
could you tell me the last one you just said again please.
i think you did not get the answer right.
doesn't matter with me.
what are the latest mails i received?
PDA are you real
Take off my alarms
Do I have any meetings on Friday's afternoon?
Olly, book me a taxi to Leith in half an hour
How is the traffic in Broadway street?
By definition what does the word absolute mean?
How's the weather in Orlando?
Set reminder for 7 am for the City Team Meeting.
are there any new emails from NAME
alexa whats the news today?
Turn up lights
Run Coffee Maker
what is new news for today
how to best prepare a salmon or haddock?
you helped a lot, appreciated.
Will I need to wear my wooly sweater today?
Search for new jokes
Set reminder for tennis game with Peter on Sunday at 4 pm
did not understand it.
Turn down the noise
Hey Olly, I just lost my wallet today.
cnn
get the beat
stocks fb
GMT Time
sorry but you got this incorrectly.
s1, elaborate me about your response once again please.
could you again elaborate me on your answers please.
When can you use word set?
20-10
new policies
Do I have any lists?
Delete my next event
info about X
thanks for answer.
please set the equalizer in the party mode.
clarify what you have said once again to me please.
Show me share price of Facebook.
Arrange and play all songs of Eminem.
Pleae play Huey Lewis all titles.
Is there any rap that doesn't involve sex, money and drugs?
remove succeeding event
Remove my dinner plans from the calendar tonight.
get me the latest news in new delhi
s2, what you said now is not clear to me.
Is there anything I can substitute for eggs in a recipe?
Book a train for 22 March at 12pm
add newscast time to daily schedule
Did i recieve emails from this person
Switch off main light
I need a ride in an hour
what is the time difference between here and there?
Please play the podcast from happypeople.com.
it's nice one, i appreciate it.
Olly Today I couldn't find my phone.
I would like to attend church every Sunday at 11am.
yes command is great.
i do not really bother, olly.
Please lower the lights
Tweet my complaint on targets customer service
get route for LA from here
thank you so much for this information, olly.
What is the square root of 148,587
i think not correct command.
would not really mind.
find me the nearest Chinese for delivery
Do I have any reminders for today?
pls add a birthday party on saturday evening
Send email to family and tell them to bring the bug spray before coming to the park
Play for me the Game Star Wars
What time is it in <insert city>
Hello Google!! Take me to google calendar please
Remove all the events from calendar
Create meeting with Paul tomorrow at 6 pm.
How can I train my dog to do his business in the bathroom?
Play the rock 92 radio channel.
is euro the best currency to trade
please delete all of my calemdar events for the rest of the day
I want to hear this week's Midweek Motorsport.
where is the nearest restaurant here?
Tune into the KORN morning show please.
Also a pleasure.
add oil change to my to do list
Whats the weather now?
olly would you shut up please.
trash file 01
Get me a train ticket from mumbai to goa
Play I walk the line by Johnny Cash.
Start robot cleaner
Play Maroon 5 playlist
Please add this email to my contacts
Can you reserve me a seat on the train to Hartford next Friday morning?
PDA, I'd like a train ticket to this location.
i am not so clear about what you just said.
Have the 'vacuum cleaner' clean the room
Play something romantic
select rai music file
What are all my lists please
Does Allearsnet have a new podcast?
Please tell me if theres going to be snow this weekend
Both young drivers and provisional drivers crash more often than other drivers because they have not yet had the wide range of experiences they need to drive safely by themselves. Research has shown that driving experience is a major factor in reducing road crashes and that the safest time for young drivers is when they are driving under supervision while learning.
please can you say it one more time again.
When will it start snowing?
whats happening in ny
olly shut up.
I couldn't hear you.  Repeat that louder
play the next episode of podcast.
please speak one more again.
Please cancel all alarms for tomorrow.
TELL ME WHAT TIME IS IT?
Who is singing this?
Make sure all events are removed from valendar
How can I find tickets to the Super Bowl for under $100 each.
Open irctc application and go to book ticket
What is the current price of jindel stock
get todays climate forecast here
How much is US dollar vs rupee?
Play rock 98.7 on the FM dial please?
play the rock music for me
shit, i think incorrect command.
What day of the week is Sept 12 of this year?
delete all events from calender
Olly, I need to hear some sad songs today.
What are the train times for today?
you are star, thank you so much.
Tell me something exciting.
Please save this song to my favorites
nope, you gave me incorrect information.
what is the capital of france
show weather
how if iron made?
Skip to the next episode in this podcast.
when was the us got fredom
speak more about the event
ah it was great one, olly.
Clear my claender
where is statue of liberty?
I'm in the mood to order  takeaway.
how would you tackle the following problem>>>>
it isn't what i asked.
show bio of rihana
this is unimportant, olly.
Let me know when my meetings are on Monday.
olly please will you shut down.
How much is a GBP in USD?
play hiphop in hot 97
Notify me when my rent due?
Show current local events
Get me Osteen on sirius?
Play the electronic playlist
Olly, accumulation of snow predictions in buffalo
remove last played song
I would like my PDA to update all  breaking news across the world
If I go outside, will I need a hat and gloves?
What type of music do I normally rate highly?
Chicago time
This is my favorite song.
appreciated, olly.
would you repeat what said please.
what is ten times ten
i don't quite catch up with you.
has dad sent any emails recently?
set a reminder about todays faculty meeting at 4
turn on socket
Are there any good movies running in nearby theaters?
YOU WERE BRING AN NEW SCHEMES
Should i wear my sunscreen
Is this the least or most important moment in history ever?
Let me see my most recent emails
Alexa play my country playlist.
Read me the front page of the New York Times.
Get in touch with (insert)
what is a fijord
confirm the instruction please.
How much long is atlanta
what day is today
Hey Olly, what time is it in Orlando, Florida?
Please find out the share price of IBM in Nasdaq
Tune in to my favorite radio station please.
What's the weather going to be like?
i'd like you check and confirm the details please.
Play music by queen.
set my alarm fro 5:30
When was the last meeting?
What is in my favorites music folder?
Whats on my list  agenda for the time being
olly what do i need for a good burger
Olly, how would you describe the sun?
Find out the the train arrival time and book me.
What does a soccer ball look like?
Start radio channel x
Remind me to go shopping every week
Set meeting event for afternoon
make a pot of strong coffee
rephrase further to me please.
pls send a mail to my friend divya how ru
What is the weather condition today
PDA: How do you make pasta
Do we add rosemary in pasta
it was useful, musch appreciated, olly.
What's on the radio right now?
Tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
how much rate will be calculated
Could you provide my upcoming events?
tell me it one more time again please.
currency exchange rate
Overhead lights on, please.
Please stop talking.
Is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
hi google do i receive ny new emails
PDA, show me a cookie recipe
amazing job, you've done well, olly.
set a remainder of the day
yeah that's confirmed.
yeap correct response.
add my opinion to this song: great
Olly pause for ten seconds
that's helpful, appreciated.
make me a wake up alarm for 8:45am
What's the stock price for Tesco?
What are the top stories on CNN?
Turn the robot vacuum cleaner on.
Play radio mirchi for me
upcoming events information
Turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
Is there life on other planets?
you have done the task wrong.
Wake me at 6 am Thursday, so I have time for the meeting.
you did great work, thanks.
Play a song
When was Einstein's birthday?
that's useful, thank you so much.
Is this song Ed Sheeran?
Run the robot vacuum cleaner
Play only all music released between the year 1990 and 2000
i think incorrect command.
check my last command please.
tell me it one more again please.
will you say once more please.
person xy birthday
PDA open this game
Find me the current weather condition.
Get the latest news about formula one racing please.
get news from reddit
Please start an email for my sister.
List all the alarms
Take away from the list all food items with prefix dry
it was great, thank you very much.
how far is US from india
Inform me of my new emails
qwetqwtewqtw
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
wake me up
Please note on song title, good tune.
Tell me the recipe for yellow rice
whatever would be good to me.
Please, put to my calendar daily standup to 10am
Olly book me a ticket to Paris on eurostar this weekend
Do you know the definition of school
PDA, Can you make dinner for me?
emails in the last hour
wake me only after the sun is up on Sundays
What is the stock price of NIKE today
uhh no, that isn't what i am looking for.
let me know when you hear about france.
what is the population of Florida
please play the next song
My Facebook update in every 3 hour should be available.
What movies are playing nearby?
when is the next train to New York
shit, you did not understand what i said.
Add all the event of March happening in RCCG to my calender
What time is the function of the play Joy in broadway teather today?
i would like you to confirm the detail please.
yes strongly agreed.
What's the news from WBC right now?
Remember that this is my favorite music.
What's the weather in Chicago Illinois?
Do I have anything planned for January 19th at 2 pm?
Move to the next episode of Hipsterhood.
Please tell me the score of the game.
please correct the wrong command.
It was a bery hectic workday
Read to me all the e-mails from contact about subject.
Can you show me the directions to go Museum of flight in Seattle.
whatever will be okay.
set alarm at 9 am on next sunday
Am I going to swim to work today?
Album repeat
Make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
i could not catch that.
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
remind this after two days
HOW IS TRAFFIC IN CITY
i want to hear that things spoke again.
provide a joke?
you are so helpful,.
What is 1+1?
A fresh day
olly can you shut off.
What is the definition of session
volume down
The latest climate and weather news.
Your volume is too high, please repeat that lower.
that is cool, thanks, olly.
I like to listen to Hindustani music
Tell me which stocks were the biggest gainers in stock market nasdaq today
Olly will it be nice on Saturday?
Tell me the song that is currently playing.
Look up the meaning of logic
What's on your mind?
IT'S NOW WINTER IN US
Compose an email to (name)
i do not know, olly.
i think you did the task incorrectly.
PDA please add item to list
please would you cancel it.
Did I get an email about a job offer?
Are there any cooking classes nearby my area?
When do I have that test?
show me some current events
Tell me sum of five and six
Describe Death
Turn off/on wemo outlet.
Please, send email to Pawel with reminder
Places to order takeaway food
Olly help me remember to call Janice at 4pm
can you rephrase once again please.
unset all alarm which is seted
Turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee.
it's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
What is a narwhal?
Is the Thanks giving event on 14th of this month true
who is going to my meeting at 9AM?
get me top headlines
Is Keith Richards dead?
Tell me about the latest media trends
meetings from 20 to 25 june
i need to hear the word spoken again.
please say once more.
How old is Miley Cyrus?
how long untill I get home
it was useful, thanks, olly.
Can you tell me more about that festival?
How much snow has Maine received as of today?
Today is which date
Add a reminder for April 20 as my bro's birthday.
do i have any remainders for today
thank you for helps.
Is it noon in Paris?
Add dinner with my sister on March 18th
PDA, I want to make a post
What is a torque wrench?
Call me an Uber to the movie theater
What time is it in a city?
can I order takeaway dinner from byron's?
i am not so clear about what you have just said.
object identifier
i want you check details please.
describe me about the new cleaner ,how it works
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
Please remind me to take off coffee off stove in 10 minutes
play titanic title song
this week weather will be sunny or not.
What is the result of two by two?
ask me easy questions about a subject I know and tell me when I'm wrong
What is the time difference between my location and Hong Kong?
Is the balloon festival this weekend?
Ok Google, can you continue audiobook {title}
thanks but i think that was not the correct command.
Order one coffee to Starbucks coffee shop
Please play justing bieber album
How can I debone a tilapia?
Has Sarah posted anything today?
Pull up a complaint for for AOL.
Turn on hall lights.
What events are going on near me?
how long does it take to fly to china
Tell me about my upcoming week
I want to reply
Coordinate all pop song genres
Reply to Beth's email tomorrow by telling her I wont be late
please can you shut up.
add apples to shopping list
Show me any emails received in the last hour
Off all type of active devices
How many lists do I have in contacts?
can you find an animal joke for me
Order the usual from Turiellos Pizza
Play slow down the song.
show me this week's forecast
Remind me of my appointment on the 15th.
Description of Iphone 7
Train times from near me to location
what is the dollar exchange rte
oh it is nice one, olly.
please play only songs from the genre rap in my playlist
Olly, list me the remainder of things left on the list.
weather in home town
show me share price of amazon.
speak that again.
Please play any alternative punk rock I have.
Tell me what the date is today.
i want you to check what i just said please.
i'd like you to check and confirm the command please.
Put laundry on my to-do list
PDA, Lets send a tweet
yeah correct response to command.
a word like ramification
it is unimportant, olly.
set a reminder for james' party on the third
Movie times tonight.
I want to hear Radio head please
Call Golden Taxi to pick me up at 7pm today.
how is everything olly
can you shut up.
you are awesome, thank you.
I need to send a reply to Charlotte
what is the meaning of this word
you have done that right musch appreciated.
i'd like you check and confirm my last instruction please.
How strong is the dollar compared to the Peso.
olly please will you shut up.
Remind me about tomorrow meeting at 10 AM.
How many people are following me on twitter now?
name the singer
I'd like to listen to 99 (point) 5
What time is the Black-Tie Gala Dinner supposed to begin?
current time in NY
Olly delete my meeting for two o'clock p.m. today.
it's cool, thanks, olly.
cars
train times for tomorrow
Start making some coffee
What currency does England use?
play music by acdc
I like the songs of Yeshudas please play it.
s1, would you further explain me about your response please.
go to the podcast and play the next episode in ____
thanks but that is wrong.
Can you tell me what solution can we do to solve the climate change?
Open the phonebook and find the contact x(contact name)
Play me a random audio book that has to do with love.
vacuum the living room in 10 minutes
dictate email
open temperature
what reminders do i have currently
Give five stars to this song!
Delete shopping list.
answer was confirmed.
Do i have a date for tonight ?
Read me the last tweet from the washington post
please let's try your word spoke again.
In the Choose how you would like to be notified section, check the Email box for each type of notification youd like to receive.
PDA when is Jesse's birthday?
Where was Bill Clinton born?
Please set a meeting for <insert date and time> on my calendar
that wasn't correct.
have no idea regarding to which to select.
will you speak what i have just said once more please.
Hey Olly, how is the weather in Long Island, New York?
please provide geographic information about X
mark today as the start of my diet
you've done it right i appreciate it.
uh no, i think not correct response.
Send the email to Jill that is saved in my drafts folder.
list stock price for this company stock
could you please elaborate your response once again.
Show alarms
could you further clarify me about it please.
Please turn on 99 (point) 5
can you confirm what last said please.
Play the song immediately.
Turn the lights blue at 3PM
opinion pb
open podcast by the young turks
Do I need to undertake any particular activity during my stay at the Yellowstone National Park?
it is useful, thanks.
please will you tell me once more.
Olly, give me a movie for tonight?
How big is the Empire State Building?
Please add one plus one
My set alarms
resume harry potter book 1
March 5th is John's birthday, please place this on the calendar.
please again clarify me on last sentence.
s1, please will you elaborate me more on what you have said.
Resume my audiobook from the beginning of the last chapter I started.
Turn on channel BBC radio 1 please.
are there any fun events in LA today?
What is the home phone number for Sarah
PDA, do I have anything going on this Saturday between 2 and 4pm?
remove all the events on dec 26th
Book a plane ticket to ...
Remind me the upcoming meeting at 4 AM today
Play my jazz playlist
you have done the command correcly.
Google News
couldn't get what you said now.
Mute sound
Tag this song with 5 stars
play sanam
I need the time of day.
that's excellent.
does not really matter for me.
How far is Walmart from here?
will you shut up.
Let me know about upcoming events
object search
Start words with friends
Can you take 5 and divide it by 3?
wemo on
Cancel alarm
What is the weather forecast for this week?
PDA, Can you give me the time in this timezone.
set an alarm for 2pm
What things do I have on my morning to do list?
add email to existing contact
Christian rock from 1990 upwards only should be selected and played.
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
open company name find feedback
i was unclear about your response.
Weather conditons
How does today look?
Open train ticket app
Can you create new list for me?
i am sorry but you have made a mistake.
Hey Olly, I need you to make a list of cricket players of Indian team who played for the international team in 2014
Keep me up to date with today's NBA scores.
s1, clarify me on last sentence again please.
thanks for that information.
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
Want to play never have I ever with me?
Play Compassionate Cook episode 23
answer this mathematical question.
Turn radio to channel 99.5
When  is my lunch break?
PDA, Can u increase the volume of the speakers?
you have done it all wrongly.
Is Jimmie's party on Friday cancelled?
Find me eighties music
and the darkness has fallen
How long does it take to make meatloaf?
What information do we have on the data breach?
please tell me the time
Event
Give me the stock price of Apple
go to contacts and add a new email to the list
Send a complaint to (insert here)
can't get what you said now.
Is the new Stephen King book on my list?
What is the weather like in New Brighton, PA?
s1, please will you again explain what you just said to me.
i'd like you to check details please.
Will I need my heavy coat after lunch today?
Tell me the locations of my meetings for today.
it was useful, appreciated.
Please refresh my Gmail inbox
schedule city cab from home to airport at 8 a.m.
Play Billy Joel
Book me a train ticket to...
remove all appointments
show me the 7-day forcast for home please
Play NPR through my living room stereo
How many people are coming to tonight's dinner?
put monday meeting on calandar ever monday
Take me to music player
FOX news world news
delete <unk>
hey olly, I missed you
Could you check the reminders and tell me what are pending?
i asked for something else.
let's do it again.
When did I place my order and what was the projected time it would take?
play classical chamber music playlist
What's up today?
Should I bring a coat?
i think olly's answer is not right.
I have a new contact: newmail@gmail.com. Compose mail!
Describe what a crop circle is.
The alternate email address gives
tell me the exact arrival time of train from__ to ____.
Am I booked for something?
cheering me up
Clothing
What is my wife's e-mail?
How would I do an PSSO in my knitting project?
what was that once again.
what is price of dollar
Can you play the instrumentals of
show geographic location of piramids
Play my favorite playlist
what time is alarm set for
What day and time is the Acme meeting in San Diego, California?
Please tell me latest news of world.
do i have any new inbox message ?
olly, i'd like a coffee please
you've done that correctly thank you so much.
tell me starting phrase of this  music
remind me at 5pm
What's the song title?
How many e-mails today?
Clear my events for tomorrow
Where can i find kids free deals on saturdays?
remove the grocery list
PDA: I need to send a new email, here is the address and then add it to the contact list
Good morning
PDA add Gold Digger to queue
manoeuvres
reminder set
Robotics
s2, this was not so clear.
what date is today
can you rephrase me further on your words please.
Can you turn off the lights?
Olly get me a train ticket to atlanta
s2, this is not so clear to me.
Who is the artist that sings this song?
Play that podcast please.
Resume Animal Farm.
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
Repeat this song when it ends.
what is elvis favorite ride
Please describe about microwave
thanks but you're incorrect.
Whatsapp
Email Susan and write that
What will the weather be in Chicago today?
tell person A i want meet him today.
I want to make a complaint to the consumer
what movie can I watch tonight on the theater here in Boston?
sorry but it was not correct.
Open games directory
What's up with this yellow light?  Get some white up in here.
please retry the last said.
please would you confirm it.
switch on light
will you just cancel please.
thank you, olly.
Clear my calendar for Saturday
influx
calculator
Olly, what's the weather like for the next week in chicago
Turn Up!
Give me a classical radio station.
check any emai if i got from rohan.
Please add event in calendar
if you could talk about 3 things, what would they be?
Tell me about the meeting this week
check and confirm what just said please.
appreciate your helping, olly.
what is the time now in new york
When am I supposed to meet Barbara for lunch this week?
sorry but that's not the right response.
I like Justin Beibers music, please play it
what is the weather report
Do I have a busy day today?
Next episode in podcast
could you please check what said.
Help me to mute my speaker.
change alarm setting
What's it like outside?
describe your list
will you reset.
What is today's exact date?
Is the 10K on the calendar for July 2?
Increase volume please
I occasionally pay attention
it is useful, i appreciate it.
s1, could you elaborate me further on this please.
Say a good joke for me right now
What's happening in town tonight?
that is unimportant to me, olly.
What happened between the second and the fifteenth?
Who is the singer of this song right now
remind me off about my tomorrow meeting sharply at 10
What is Donald Trump's new policy on immigration?
Convert USA time in to Indian time.
What are the details of this event...
Add my sister visiting to my family calender.
yes that's excellent.
meeting this friday
I ran 5 miles today
olly that's all, just cancel it.
I want to here song x
PDA can you create an email for me.
open my Amazon Music app and play my playlist
What is happening in Delhi today?
I would like to hear some Levin
oh no, you gave me not correct information.
What song is playing now.
Set a reminder that I have to visit my father tomorrow.
how old are cristiano ronaldo
I feel like Jazz right now, how about you?
yeap got that right.
Are there any recent e-mails in my inbox from my boss?
Quiet mode on until I am home from work.
Enter atdfd@yahoo.com into my contact list
Ok Google, play Howard Stern
Define capricious.
good work, you did well, olly.
Make the list of person of the year
How many corporate meetings do i have this week?
What is the weather forecast for Chicago?
exchange euro to dollar
Which stock markets have lowered in the past 3 hours?
shit, you gave me wrong information.
i'd like you confirm that please.
Set up an event recurring throughout the month.
i could not get this.
Book a train ticket from Canada to Las Vegas.
Select Recipe
please try your last sentence you said once again.
log a complaint wash machine to samsung consumer service with model number cs001
I want dimmer lights.
wemo plug socket turn on
Awards won by Michael Jackson
s2, i am unclear about that.
i am sorry but i think that was not the right command.
Play some good song from my play list
have no idea about which to choose.
Add a meeting at the office with Brian for 3:00PM on Tuesday.
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when I leave
WHAT TIME IS MY APPOINTMENT ON APRIL 4TH?
Create email to John start body I am interested in seeing the car you have for sale can we schedule a time to meet? Send
Where in DC is that meeting at 1PM on Friday?
add John's birthday on 25 March
Siri, what time is it in LAs Vegas?
What's the news in politics on CNN?
mp3 play artist
hi to all
you have done a wrong thing.
Start playing music.
it is of no importance with me.
my review
Send an email to Joe that says I'm already here
What does Schadenfraude mean?
i want you cancel.
tell me it once more.
what do you do?
Clear all events for this month.
What's the exact time we get food delivered once we place an order for food.
Tell me about any pending reminder
can you cancel it please.
Olly, please set lunch meeting at 12pm for every Wednesday in March.
please can you once again elaborate to me.
Olly, what movies are playing in Columbia?
Please load new e-mail for Bruce and send message now.
appreciate help.
Where did he was yesterday?
What lists have I created?
Tell me about agra
that was not what i wanted.
Show me upcoming programmes on 105.1
Turn off the nearest light
How much is $5.00 in Philippine peso?
Let's play Checkers.
dammit, i didn't say this.
Let me know about the stock rate of a Micro soft
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
start playing song z
book a train ticket to New york
Alexa, as expected, I received a hike today, you might get update.
list phone and email id of Robert, Olly
I'd like Monday to remain open.
Let me see the latest in the news.
How much Indian Rupees per USD today?
you have done it correctly i appreciate it.
go to email and send message to
Can you shuffle the light colors in the house?
s1, please explain me further on what you just said.
yeap fantastic response to command.
when is the neat alaram
Give me the latest news
Look up contact info for the complaint line of Comcast.
Tell me the weather in Shanghai
Play Me the latest song of Adele
Please check my Facebook account.
Don't talk
How long will it take to get to Austin, TX?
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
PDA, how long does it take water to boil?
When is Jennifer Aniston's birthday?
what's the time in hong kong
please can you rephrase me further on your answers.
Delete the Famous Actors list.
if I have $20 in japanese money what does it equal to in american currency alexa
please will you shut up.
What is the definition of forensic?
Play my Rock Station on Pandora
could you tell me that one more again please.
PDA name: can you play my favorite music
Play The Davinci Code
Hey PDA what's the current time in Austin?
Please check if Leonardo is Married
PLEASE TELL ME HOW MANY INVENTIONS DID THOMAS ALVA EDISON INVITE?
please will you confirm my last command.
Never, ever play me any country.
Play songs from the R&B and soul genre
Make a new shopping list
please will you clarify me more on that.
i would not mind for whatever.
Make the living room light orange.
Train to Athens. How to?
Start radio station for me
What's the latest?
I would like to hear my lists.
Move to the next episode.
Please play Nightmare by avenged sevenfold
disable alarm for 3PM
add business contacts to contact list
Please remove that event.
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
Delete this event on march 3
describe a romantic love
PDA mean
I heard Alex just got married. Can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram?
get me the latest episode of the ____ podcast
it is helpful, thank you so much, olly.
What is the recipe for
tell me why relationships are so hard
do more light .
Where does the Nile end?
is this program is scheduled?
please will you elaborate further on last sentence.
it does not really matter.
Send a tweet to TMobile for rude employees.
Dim my light
add Eva's birthday party at roller jam for 12:30 pm on may 7th
i would like to hear the last information you just said again.
link me to jeff's email
weather this week
i would like you check detail please.
i wouldn't mind to select any one.
Show me the places where I was
stop and try what you've just said one more again.
i like this song plesse save
What is going on on December fourth?
Olly, remind me about my next meeting, a few hours ahead of time.
when is my daughter birthday
How much is 22USD in euros
Olly play Believer
Olly, tell me the most recent news from CNN.
Do I have repair work today?
Just to confirm, you set the alarm to go off at 8:00?
What is the home phone number of Mark?
Play Music Now from Radio+
Make sure I have nothing to do on Friday.
Is it going to rain today in San Diego?
Locate the email to Giant Eagle and put it into my contact list.
What do I have to do tomorrow?
Tell me current time in Los angels
emails from jane doe
What is the definition of a probiotic?
Book Uber from my home
Get me updates from Kenny's Facebook from the weekend
How is the traffic on I-25?
Will it be nice outside this week?
Can you define a house
perfectly.
What movie should I see?
Silence for X amount of hours
What is new about blank
How much traffic is there right now in Bowery street?
weather on tuesday
Can you play my music file?
I want to reply to Jean's e-mail.
Send email to Gary
Call Raju phone number
Ok Google, what is a Ferrari?
I'm going to the OAR concert in Paris on March 24
Is the weather calm today
light up
Olly what's John's home phone number?
uh no, thanks.
Remind me the day before my car is due.
remember to put carrots in there.
would you confirm my last command.
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train?
crate event 'swimming day' on thursday and set it to repeat
Show me the meetings held last week
Make vacuum cleaner start
could you confirm that please.
Is the celebrity single or married.
Please clear my calendar
What music is playing now on 99.9 cm.
yeah.
it's wonderful.
batminton
it was excellent job.
love to jake for financial support
Forward a complaint to Simran Aapa kadai about the food quality
Is there any birthday on june
I need to figure out this percentage.
Remind me daily at 11 AM for meeting with boss
March 1 is Susan's birthday, right?
synonym of word
you are helpful,.
Start podcast from my favorites list
what is the schedule time of 'punjab mail' to reach gwalior?
Please update my grocery list with1 gallon of 2% milk.
Tell me the office address of my brother
can you just stop it please.
I want to listen to heavy metal please.
what's on my agenda?
Free up my schedule for the next week
s1, please can you clarify me more on your words.
What is the closing price of axel company
Do I have any meetings today?
s1, could you please rephrase me more on what you said.
Are the Falklands in South America?
Could you suggest some fun in New York?
you did good job,.
Let me know if there are any new emails from eBay
What is X birthday?
I'd like a listing of all train ticket prices for this location please?
do events
Skip to the next episode of this podcast.
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
play the melody song from audiobook
Echo what street does Sarah live on, check my phone book.
new emails
How much does BDE cost?
Tell me about the weather this week
What is the exchange rate for the english pound and us $
Echo, play the Barney theme song.
Order pizza for delivery.
what is the answer to life?
see if there is something related to my job
should i put some sun screen cream for taday
Can you pull up the latest time so I won't be late for my appointment?
In the following week repeat this event at 10 am every day.
Are there any recent unread emails?
flag two day after this day as my holiday
tell me the profession of celebrity?
i appreciate your asssistance, olly.
Beep when I get an email from John
How many cups are in a quart?
Robotic sentience
Please activate <insert vacuum name>
What do they have going on for festivals downtown?
Open social media (Facebook, Google+, Twitter)
My sister just had her baby.
i like you cancel.
why did the calendar say that i have a 3pm meeting, check that out for me
list events around NY
keep me informed about <unk>
yes you've got the command exactly.
Tell me popular phrases in Spanish.
africa info
What is $20 in Yen?
Restaurant delivery update
Set mute for 20 mins
display nearby places
try the last message one more time please.
Erase my calendar.
what are the chances of hail this week?
hey siri tell me a joke
Write an email for john@gmail.com
remove all playlist from music player
Book for me an Uber taxi to Bardonia
read my schedule
Can you tell me my recent emails?
how is the traffic today
email the following message to this contact please
In 5 sentences let me know the procedure of making Thanksgiving Turkey
what does blank mean
What is the definition of Business?
I need to be cheered up right now. Can you tell me a good joke?
Olly, is anything trending on social media today?
How do I cook a hard boiled egg?
please cancel.
Start playing my song list.
how much is 100 American dollers worth in England
What to do next on events
How would you describe a person that is called a snowflake?
Id like to pu tin an order for some Chinese food with Hunan Wok.
i am unclear about last sentence.
15+20
PDA name: whats the meaning of life
california
When was Dolly Parton born?
Can you open beatles
please add party at chucky cheese to calander
Lower battery consumption to save setting.
What' the weather going to be in NYC next week
I would like to play tetris.
I want to get the latest news on the Trump Healthcare bill.
Remove meeting at dubai
Do I need snow boots?
I need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone.
you did all wrongly.
Can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing ?
What is a funny joke?
please wake me up at 7:30 am
Define 'CPU'.
Which grocery stores have I mad a list with?
The email of office staff must be checked
Remove the next event from calendar
Find out for me what the topic is of each Oswald Chambers book
Do i need to take the umbrella out today?
Continue playing X where I left off.
show me the programmes i have today.
Please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me.
Give me the names of my lists.
What time is my appointment on x date?
What time is the shine down concert tonight?
turn off audio
I'm done with today's to-do list.
uh no, you gave me not right information.
Read to me the last messages in my feed.
Is the road clear in Florida?
Traffic alert
it's wonderful work.
How much Philippine peso do I need to make $50?
Olly, Is a dollar worth more or less in brazil?
you get your understanding right.
Weather in Homestead
Play the next episode of this podcast.
What do you know about the statue of Liberty
Get in touch with (insert)
why isnt adam sandler funny PDA?
Add a Tab to the shopping list
add TAL meeting this thursday to calendar
book me a taxi from XXX to XXX destination
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
i don't quite catch that.
ggg
please will you confirm command.
create a list that is available
it's useful, thanks.
Heading to gym..please post to Facebook.
Create a notification reminder for meeting tomorrow
Change my alarms to Mountain time
would you please further clarify me on your words.
Remind me of my 12 oclock meeting by 11:30
check and confirm my last command please.
s1, please clarify me more on that.
prepare a coffee
Define oscillate
Book a ticket for the evening train line
send email to Enalen, i'm going to send the files the next day.
where is tommorrows meeting shedulded
never mind, olly.
i think you don't get answer right.
yes you've understood my instructions perfectly.
what is the my upcoming events?
Want to have vibrant colours
PDA play my shazam playlist on the Spotify app
whats the definition of indignation
Please play folk music.
raise all the lights on
how to do a risotto?
Remove all events from my calendar.
What is the capital of Vietnam
yes you have got my instructions exactly.
How close is it to 8pm?
shit, i think you did a task all wrong.
What is the population of Los Angeles?
In Jodhpur traffic level is very Low
How many people live in Oxford now?
International trade and Business market
What is on this list
contact customer service
Send email to boss to meet for performance review
Can you book a train ticket?
your response was not so clear to me.
Who am I eating lunch with today?
Turn the lights down a bit
would you say one more again.
PDA please order my favorite dish from my favorite restaurant
yeap great.
What are some updates about the stock market.
Please, clean my shopping list
Up the volume, the sound is too low
your birth date
mark 13 october of this year as my birthday
canadian us exchange rate
Stock price for GSS Energy
please say what i've just said again.
Schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
would you tell me that one more time again please.
Can you substitute baking soda for baking powder?
What are the headlines on the New York Times?
Next
Turn my lights down to a lower level of brightness
What is the number of food items on the list.
I would like to receive updates about the stock market every day.
cut wemo power please
what alarms did I set
is michael jackson really dead
Address the situation
s1, clarify further on your response.
that's not what i requested.
Please turn off all of the lights in the house.
start the gas stove adjust the flame to cooking the dish and put all cooking ingredient  to pressure cooker to cook the ingredients keep it on the stove wait for the ingredients to be cooked
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
What's the news from source
i need a recipe of Veg pulav
you did nice job, thank you very much.
lower lights please
whats the current time at newyork.
What city does Anthony Keidis live in?
create new list
Save this music to my favorites.
check details please.
the joke of the day
What's the weather supposed to be like on Wednesday?
Go to sleep
exchange USD/EUR
Abdul kalam president
s2, can not get this.
set alarm for 03/06/2017 at 5am
do i have any reminders today
Open up tetris.
Please Send an email to cassy who is there on my family and friend list.
What time is it currently on the east coast?
get the status posted for the following:
Give me some funny Facebook posts.
Please turn off left side lights.
What do I have on my calendar this week?
Set an alarm for 5 o'clock o'clock this evening labelled taxi
please clear the list
when is the train arriving today?
Are there any new Snapchats?
add email
I need directions to Meijer Gardens
put picture on facebook
Would like to see the time zone?
Clean the carpets.
Are there any new emails from...?
Next song will be Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head.
Please go to the local sports talk show on the radio.
Does paradise has takeaway
what information do i have on reminders
i need to hear again.
Olly, compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better.
AAJ MARCH KI 5TH DAY HAI, HAI KI NAHI?
Please pull up the article in the New York Times.
Unmute the speaker now
Order me something online
i think it's not the correct response.
What do you think?
What is the weather in Miami
I would like this alarm permanently removed
could you explain further on what you just said now to me.
Can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather.
Tell me about oldest reminder
please check last thing i said.
uh no, you gave me wrong information.
How to Increase income source.
Olly, Do i need to wear gloves today?
What is today's weather in Springfield?
sorry but i think this was not the correct command.
Turn on the lights
Remove item 3
tell me the news about the current secenorio in chennai
If it's midnight in Colorado, what time is it in Munich?
When is financial meeting scheduled?
What is the highest rated movie this week
Olly, please add my meeting with Clara to my calender for this thursday afternoon.
Purchase ticket to New York City on train.
Describe (insert) for me please
Is there any new email?
i think this is not correct command.
show me details of arnold
Tell me who will win the next presidential election.
would you say one more time again please.
once again please.
remind me tommorrow at 10 AM to wish my friend
Find some 80s rock
that was cool, i appreciate it.
What is the current time in Delhi?
you did the command correcly.
What is the route to the closest mcdonalds?
Could you change the volume
News from State Paper
Where is the alps located
My favorite music please
Where is the nearest river?
What is happening at that event?
Let's play my most played song list
i need to turn the lights down
Remind me at the start of each month.
What's new in news express
add this to a list
let's try that one more again please.
will you further elaborate me on it please.
i did not quite catch that.
where is my gf right now
What is todays weather?
How many cups of sugar in Texas Sheet Cake frosting?
Search for new email after 5pm
Olly, play a good movie on my television
yeah get that correcly.
would you reset please.
Make a Jars of Clay playlist for me
rephrase me about what you've said further please.
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
I coudn't get it all done
Turn off my wemo plug
Send an email to Jerry, ask what time will he be home tonight.
will the temperature be higher than 40 tomorrow?
Take me to more music by that artist.
mel gibson
Please hold for the next hour
Tell me my music likes
thanks for response.
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY TEMPLE RUN GAME FOR ME.
please check and confirm my last instruction.
What is the weather in Austin
Find me a good meatloaf recipe.
what movies has neil walker done
Find me the latest podcast about President Trump and his immigration ban.
Can you set the event for monday at 6 at mcdonalds
I want to take karate classes ?Where are localooking karate studios?
Let me know if I get a new email today.
Play Hungry Eyes.
Is Logan a good movie to watch?
give me update on news
Play Michael Jackson from my playlist.
I would like to hear the podcast of the Heat game thats is being played tonight.
Tell me the music that is playing.
what the tube like to jersey PDA?
tell me what is the nicest place to go
Confirm I have set an alarm for 6 AM
you got answer exactly.
Please send the email to Jeff.
Which teams are playing today in the premier league?
no, i did not ask for it.
Find the nearest Uber
Need an alarm set for Sunday at 5 in the morning
tell me form whom I got the last email
Can you book me a train ticket to Boston for next Tuesday?
set a reminder up next month to get my oil changed
please tell me the current time in new york
olly what's some upcoming events i might want to go to?
favorite music
notify me in 15 before meeting starts
Was it windy yesterday?
uh no, i did not ask for it command.
Next one please
Knock, knock.
How much yens is a dollar worth?
you've done it right musch appreciated.
Show meaning of clarion
what do I need to remind for this afternoon?
I need to add pasta and milk to the grocery list.
Scheduled events. more info
can you confirm what just said please.
Did you place the reminder about the meeting for tommorrow
show me the one week forecast
you are helpful, thanks.
don't bother.
yes correcly.
sorry but that's not the correct answer.
please rewind to start of podcast
Say the time
Please add dan's email to my contacts
this does not matter, olly.
Do you know the weather?
i want to send email to my friend jack@gmail.com
What will be the weather day after?
that's not the correct answer.
what is the best method to decide what the best thing to do is....re:
alert me when emails about the bulldog come from Bob
When is the next non working day?
Remove my latest list
put the song in order of songer first arijit singh song then sukhwinder then sunidhi.
lets play battleship
that is of no importance with me.
Tell me movies playing in Oceanside tonight.
Email family
What is the weather for the school week?
Select the R&B playlist from the 90's please.
get me to alarm setting
Notification regarding the new movie releases
Add ... and ... to event ....
Resuming playing my current audio book.
Speak softer please
Please show me dress competitions in Jaipur
remove three o'clock meeting from the schedule today
i would not know, olly.
hi google pls remove the dinner plan on thursday
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
search and play workout playlist
Give me the headlines from Sky News
After this song, play Atomsphere.
hey, would like to know about celebrity X.
Where is my list
Which is the highest peak in the world?
Where Seth lives?
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
that's cool, thanks, olly.
you've done that correctly thank you very much, olly.
please confirm last thing said.
What times are today's meetings?
date
What is the dollar equivilant in pesos?
could you tell me it one more again.
olly cancel please.
Please sound an alarm three hours before a scheduled event.
tell me a joke about a man
PDA, give me the exchange rate for dollar in euros.
Set reminder for tomorrow at 2 pm.
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
yeap affirmative.
Show last e-mail from mom
I had a relaxing day today
I really enjoyed sunny day today
will you please check and confirm last thing said.
will you check and confirm instruction.
Please go to Amtrak.com to purchase tickets
Do not play rock metal
HELLO, YOU HAVE A SEND AN EMAIL TO SOMEONE.
Please check the traffic to the home
get it in my divice.
i think it's not the correct answer.
searching for any special holidays for US country
How many kilometers did I walk today?
Check if I have mail from John?
wipe my calendar clean
please try again.
set a reminder
favorite foke
olly could you shut down.
would not really mind for any one.
set alarm at 2am
book me a single train ticket travelling to New York CIty, leaving after 9:00am
Check recently sent emails from mom
i am sorry but i think that is not the right answer.
Send a birthday email to my boss
Play the next episode of this series.
tell me the last spoke one more time.
Play the Neal Brennan episode of Wait Wait Don't Tell Me
Its too bright in here
Length of traffice?
Please turn off the wemo plug
i do not care, olly.
When is the next holiday?
Has Cassie sent me any emails about Tom?
What does the word bible mean?
tell me the best exchange rate
Can you please be muted for a while
i don't care.
change the volume of the speakers
Olly, how long does it take for the train to get to Orlando?
do I have any alarms set for 6 am tomorrow?
Play todaysong from radio07
fun things to do today
make an alarm
you have done that correctly thank you very much, olly.
What events are scheduled next Tuesday between 11am and 3pm?
alexa add shoes to my list
select information you want
whats the time in dubai
could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
Get latest news report on kidnapping in NY
thanks but i think you have me wrongly.
Assign an owner, or person responsible, to the ticket
seems like the answer was not correct.
local things to do
i would like to hear again.
s1, could you explain further on that please.
would you love to see
Change contact
s2, i was unclear about last sentence.
What is my grocery list?
How many months in a year?
perfect job, you have done well.
WOULD BE GIVE EXCHANGES ANY OF THESE PROBLEMS
What's the next thing on my list of appointments?
sorry but i think it was not the right command.
How to barbecue a steak well
What is the highest rated joke today
What type of weather can I expect today?
set alarm for 9am
What is the breaking news for the day
did trey sand any messages?
are there any accidents today
reply wishes to john by email
Play the first playlist
Send email to jugal
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts?
thanks but you're not right.
What time is it in New york now?
you are so smart.
you've done that right musch appreciated, olly.
Is it raining in Toledo right now?
What is Channing Tatum's Birthday?
will you tell me what i've said one more time please.
Wake me up at this time
Hello, I want to go eat
Play Joy Division.
Can you please update me on my lists?
Please make me a cup of coffee
WETHER IN UK IS COLD
turn socket off
HOW HE WORKS PERFERCTLY
Complaint on service prover on my twitter
are you sure.
find restaurant order food name
How old is Meryl Streep?
could you please confirm what i said.
What is 4 + 5
find a joke in your vault and tell me
play country radio
olly can you shut up please.
Turn off the light in the bathroom
Show me whats happening
i think that's not right.
where is place?
repeat jazz
i would not mind to select any one.
Make the speaker volume on maximum
Add lunch with Laura for Thursday at 1:00
please restart and remove all the entries in the calendar.
set up the following event in the calendar, with the following people
olly that is all, cancel.
Read email and send to family member.
Lights off in the living room.
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
Switch on the radio and play Hello fm station
sorry let me clarify with new instructions.
i think olly's command was wrong.
What does Jon Bon Jovi's wife look like?
What events are upcoming today
LOWER THE LIGHT TO 40 PERCENT
I need to email Susan and metion
oh no, i think you didn't understand me.
What is time now in Japan compared to USA.
Whats the Ratio of value of the indian rupee and a us dollar?
remove the milk from the shopping list
hey siri clear my next appointment off of my calkendar
please will you check what i said.
that's enough, just stop it.
yes you have done it perfectly.
When is my husband's birthday this year?
s1, please elaborate once again to me.
Set event on recurring
Add a new contact for Daniel Bell dbell@aol.com.
Did you added milk to the shopping list?
PDA, Do you love me?
hi,please send mail to sam by evening
Set soccer game with Mark in my calendar for Tuesday night.
PDA please search for local events
Olly, how much meat should I buy to serve 10 people?
Format the calendar
Block off 3 to 5 on friday
Could you dim the ligths
Book a taxi at my home address for right now
on 3rd april we will go to watch jolly llb movie set it
uber please
email 'happy new year' to john
I want to send an email to... that says...
reply with <unk>
Remind me the meeting with Allen on 15th match
Send an email to Bob
can you please shut up.
Set notification for news about the Dakota pipeline
Tell me something I can do to help my community today ?
Order a smoked meat platter from Beanos
PDA please order me this months groceries
Start me a new list.
Start Celine Dion songs
can you clarify more on that.
you are hero, thanks, olly.
What will the weather be today?
Play me John's podcast.
The song you are playing is amazing
Add wedding to my claendar
What am I up to this weekend?
yeah good response to the command.
Play December holiday list
Hey hey
please could you clarify more on it.
cancel my XXX plan now
When is Katy Perry's birthday?
Olly, where is the largest volcano in the world?
Read me new emails
Add Valia's wedding the next Saturday at 8 o clock,
Do you know the ETA of my order?
i'd like to hear what you said again.
wake me up at 5:30
show me the reminders
Post I am happy to Facebook.
temperature outside
i do not mind to choose any one, olly.
Today the following happened to me: I had a meeting with George
Put out the lights.
try it once more please.
Shut off the lights in the bedroom
Hey, email Jan about our meeting
What's on the news today?
Please remind me I need to pick my clothes from the cleaner today.
What are the news stories on the CNN website?
Give me the news
yeap good.
can you read my emails from rob?
Ok Google, where is antartica?
Olly, add meeting with James on March 2nd at 2pm
Lower the speakers
can you tell me what said once more.
pls change timezone to india
Delete my workout from today.
Prepare a cup of coffee for me.
What is my email from Steve about?
really i would not mind, olly.
what is the meaning of life?
Play my most watched podcast.
olly i need that appointment posted to the calendar
thanks but i think you have messed up.
Waiter at Outback was rude
send this emai to reply to the latest emails
explain how USA social status differs from the one in the UK, now and in the past
make a note of this on the list
Resume the reading of the French lesson.
yeap.
describe sphere
s2, your words is not clear to me.
post complaint about servcie A
shit, i did not ask for this answer.
Please put FM channel 93.8
Please delete x
Television
you did awesome work, thank you very much.
Tell me what happens when we die.
Hi Olly! How are you?
check gmail for last hour
Decrease brightness of lights
Email co worker about work project
that is helpful, thank you, olly.
What is the linear equation
Do I have class on Monday?
you've got the command right.
What is the birthday of adamgilchrist
Open events. more info
Can I check my lists?
How many other bands will be performing at the Zach Brown concert on June 3rd?
climate details now
don't really care.
Tell me how to get from here to The Chimes in Covington
Give me train times from station to location
Can you speak quieter please, Olly?
Just let me know the current date today
Siri, cancel yoga alarms
What is the latest news on the Health Care Reform?
Does PF Changs do takeout?
could you please further explain.
Play my sadness playlist.
Play top 25 hits
What alarms will wake me up tomorrow?
Please turn off my smart plug socket.
biography of person
get me a taxi.
PDA, how do I get to the mall?
yes you've got the answer exactly.
replace color from light to dark
hey siri make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
Can I se a reminder for this week?
Turn of the lamp socket
do I have free time this weekend?
What is the name of that song?
How tall is Micheal Jackson?
Between 1990 and 2000 music album is only to be played.
Take a snap
would you confirm the detail.
Please make me a cappuccino.
What's on my schedule this week?
What day of the week was February 4, 1972?
In this country, what is the exchange rate
How old is Tom Hanks?
let's just skip appointment at time
remove next event calendar
Hello google, post my current status on twitter mentioning A great trip to Paris with friends and family.
reminder
Brighten lights
PDA do i have any appointments set for tomorrow?
What's trending on Twitter?
Find Jhonny's address
Any local news stories for my home city?
i am sorry but you have messed up my command.
please would you rephrase me about your answers once again.
good day
Is there email id of John in the list.
What movies are playing at theatres near me
Please, put radio in shuffle.
Please feed that I have meeting at 5 PM.
Get rid of the events on the 19th from my calendar.
olly that is all.
How big is the Tower of London?
How tall is Trevor Noah?
what list I have for today
Olly, resume 'The Two Towers'
Are there any new emails in outlook?
Olly, Whats the exchange rate of 1 dollar in mexico?
Birth date for movie star Keanu Reeves?
PDA, how is the weather looking for this week?
What would you call this kind of music that we're listening to?
By 12noon tomorrow create a new list.
Martial Arts
What's the latest on the travel ban?
Play next episode of her story.
How is the weather at home
you have done that correctly.
What was the latest post?
Set a notification for 6th March that there is a society meeting at 11 AM.
May I ask you to add a new event to my calendar ?
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to the doctor on Friday, April 14th at 123 Water Street, New York, NY, 11289.
please email my team
Which alarms are set in the phone?
you did the command perfectly.
remove this list
family date this monday
olly that is enough, stop.
s2, i was not clear about your answer.
Show me my alarms
remind me about this
Are there any recall news?
what are the lists I have?
delete my list
book train ticket to NY
i wouldn't mind for any one.
have no idea about what to select.
yeap wonderful response to command.
emma watson
Check emails for unread emails from mom.
turn on radio
Change this time to IST
retry what you've just said please.
REMIND ABOUT OF ALL EVENT IN CALENDERS
Do I have any email?
lights out
Will I get sweaty today?
Show me the time now in Boston
What's my friend Joe's phone number
please decrease the volume of music player.
I want to see the previous episode
What kind of weather are they having in Orange, Tx right now?
when is the next blues concert in Liverpool?
Add song to running list
Do I have any notifications
Assistant, shuffle entire library
Please check and Repeat this song one time more.
please explain your answers further.
Olly, What's playing in the Roosendaal Cinema?
Turn off the Wemo plug socket
Do I have any missed call from Patrick
What is the track information currently?
i need to set reminder on 15th march
switch on the wemo plug
Olly, read back my grocery list to me.
check when the show starts
Remove fruits from the list
Is Rush Limbaugh on the air? If he is put him on.
Events near me
Take the list off.
tell me a good joke
football scores.
Is there any events are in the local area?
that will be all.
get rid of this list
How do I contact Charles?
Open Bad Religion folder
oh that's fantastic.
shit, wrong.
can you please check and confirm what just said.
Olly, how do you subtract numbers
Start playing American Gods where I last stopped.
Tell me time of alarm you set
Bring up a recipe for turkey meatballs.
remember how I rate this song
show rihanas bio
i had a horrible service at olive garden i need to tweet them
complain to customer service
yes you've got my instructions perfectly.
Can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at x time?
What is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar ?
you are smart.
can you put Sunday hockey class in my calendar as recurrent event?
list college sports for tomorrow in tulsa
Find tacos near my home
find Naty from my contacts and send her an email
Has John Smith sent me any new email?
Give me a list of all my reminders.
What temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
wouldn't really mind, olly.
show various plants in earth
What is Frieda's home address?
Does selena gomez has a scandal?
you've done that correctly i appreciate it.
What is exchance for the US and Euro
you've done that right.
you executed the command incorrectly.
oops, that's not the right response.
it is of no importance for me, olly.
Live Show reminders
Include this event in my calendar.
I want to hear the news on TMZ.
Set regular bi-weekly meeting on Fridays, 3pm
can u tell me the phone number of me
Is it going to rain?
Remove next Monday's meeting
check new email
it's nice, appreciated.
pda remind me about my eye exam at Walmart on the 26th.
any one, olly.
Give me tomorrow's weather update
Hey what's a book?
Search earliest trains too Brooklyn, NY weekends and holidays
let's start over please.
i like you confirm my last command please.
what is today' date?
To do list
what is programme for today?
any one would be okay, olly.
read a poem for me
Where is my food
I would like it to be able to check if there was anyone else in the house.
sorry but i think it is incorrect.
Tell me the train ticket price of California to Chicago
What do I have on my schedule for tomorrow morning?
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
PUT MILK ON MY SHOPPING LIST
rowan atkinson bio
Are there any new emails in my inbox right now?
Search for best walking directions across multiple applications.
Bring up my last playlist from Tidal
olly can you cancel please.
please just cancel.
what are the oil prices like today for a barrel of crude oil?
could you say what you said one more time again.
What I am going to do today
I want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list?
How much does one share of stock in Lego cost?
Can I get an Uber home from the Fox downtown as soon as possible?
remind me for tomorrow meeting
can you speak once more please.
Check for e-mail from mom?
when is annas birthday remainder set
explain to me how gravity works
Please, cancel all my events for today
Show me the newest podcasts
PDA, what is a pressure washer?
History
Find an Uber on 29th St.
UPDATE ANY NEW EMAILS
Schedule taxi pickup for Monday at noon.
Painting
Open minestart game from previos played level
remember me my child's birthday
Schedule meeting with manager tomorrow at 2 pm
i am sorry but i think you don't get answer right.
How long does it take to get to the moon
I can't see, let's make it brighter
Add Mike and Jack to festival calender
Set my calendar to remind me to buy groceries every Friday.
it was helpful, thanks.
Do you feel emotions?
Tell me what a freeway is
Tomorrows temperature is to be hot. Yes or no.
s2, i am not so clear about what you have said.
i am sorry but it is not right.
Tell me about Jaipur
it seems like the command is not correct.
Remind me what I am doing on Sunday afternoon
Who is the prettiest actress in the world in this century
will you please check and confirm that.
Erase that from my calendar
Check my mail for new email
I need to meet with debby tomorrow alexa
What do I have going on today?
i think not correct response.
Can you take off the next event on my calendar
meeting with Anna this friday
play edm music
shedule a reminder one hour before the meeting
Does Dominos do takeaway?
How many bases has Nick Swisher stolen in his career?
Open my Morning Briefing email from The New York Times.
Send a message on Facebook to pending friend requests that my friend list is full and I will be creating a new profile soon.
Turn all the lights off.
how to cook crabs
wait, i think you have messed up with.
uh no, you gave me incorrect information.
query
thanks, that's good.
<All alarms>
Show me movie times.
thanks, it's awesome work.
i want to hear the last one you said again.
Google find and play Florida Georgia Line the one with Nelly.
yashas bithday with vinay ,vally
PDA, please add this to my calender
what are the train schedules to New York
Is it going to be hot in two hours?
What person produced the song that is on the radio?
open contacts and find John smith
whwn is christmas according to the calendar?
PDA, What is happening in the news?
Delete the grocery list.
Check mail.from jack
Tell me later to file the invoice
Book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
Please turn off Right side of light.
s2, didn't get that.
kindly assist me in filing compliant about service X
What are the headlines from the new york times
How many pesos will I get for $100?
Are there any interesting even going on around my location?
well done, thank you very much, olly.
Nice music
What is the current day month and year?
you've done that right, olly.
In classical music, are there ever any singers?
Will you mark that I have a meeting with tom at 3 tomorrow.
how to cook
Tell me the name of the artist whose song is in the movie I am watching
what is the capital of China
Make a note, please: I like modern alternative rock music
What is the date and time for today?
Email mom about lunch
i dont need light.
yeah great response.
March 10th lands on what day of the week?
you have done that correctly thank you so much.
tell me what reminders I have for today
Siri, open twitter, tweet @POTUS SUCKS!!!
what is the longest river on earth
good night
i appreciate it, that's great job.
Please keep tabs on how the presidential debates are going.
i'd like you to confirm the details please.
I WANT TO SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FAMILY DO YOU HELP ME?
please have vacuum go for 1 hoir.
Set reminder notification for three o'clock
make me a cooled coffee
Which is the next event coming up?
Please check third event of 22/03/2017
whats going on on fb
wake up olly
Start my play list.
tell mewhere should i go in world tour and which places are most important
Save this songs genre for me.
please could you shut down.
olly tell me my alarms
What country uses the most coal?
Give me the definition of the word haughty
please tweet about the problem I m facing with the product of company
Please book a ticket form Jaipur to Mumbai on Tuesday.
Hey Alexa, turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
Send a response to my last email.
define yourself in one word.
let's try what you said one more time again please.
Play the jazz station.
I would like it to easily keep an inventory and tell me when I'm running low on something.
it's pleasant today.
Send Dad an email saying how is the weather this week?
Please turn up the volume to 21.
What is happening in the bussiness world
s1, please again explain last sentence.
Set a reminder in one hour for my bread to bake.
Order Chinese from China Spring - wonton soup and a small beef and broccoli.
Do I have anything on this date?
the location is _____
Please, raise the lights to max
Showcase the radio.
Can you turn it up a little?
Can you watch a movie on Netflix with me?
What time is it in Hong Kong?
money exchange
s2, i didn't catch up with you.
Look for channel 106.9 and play it
up load all my podcast
Remind me about the upcoming national holiday.
Can you find Animal Crossing
Give me the address of my hairdresser for the meeting today
can you be my bestfriend?
can you speak it again please.
inbox my family.
i don't know.
i was unclear about the last sentence.
shit, it's not what i wanted.
Please book a train ticket from Jodhpur to Jaisalmer on Sunday.
Who is doing FaceBook live right now?
PDA find and read to me world events happening today
What does penultimate mean?
Dim the living room lights
hey siri tell my today's top news
this is unimportant with me.
What's Kim Kardashian's measurements?
please ring the wake up alarm at 8 am next saturday
choose music player
What is the latest international news?
play the song for me
<Show my alarms>
say again please.
Remove this from the list
How long does it take to make vegetable lasagna?
go to the event month and  delete
Book train ticket for this time
I want to hear @ song
Did I set an alarm to wake up in the morning
Are there any new messages in my inbox?
s2, i could not quite catch up with you.
It snowed today
Will it be rainy day tommorrow?
What's the price of GE right now?
What does diverse mean?
s2, i can't catch that.
Please tweet @Nike my pants ripped after the first wash #nothappy
Tell me about the latest sports news
Play why do you sing by Kirk Franklin.
remind me for tomorrow interview
I would like it if my PDA could make money for me.
What is the plot of the most recent Will Smith movie?
Does this place do takeaway ?
s2, that is not so clear to me.
Tell me what the latest news is
Delete all dates
what's the time new york
check that please.
Send e-mail to Jim's work e-mail
go to the event year and  delete
pls turn off the lights in patio
replay the last utterance said.
remove all alarms set today
get rid of item on the list
What was the last movie that Brad Pitt starred in?
What will be day on 15th March
let us try what you've said one more time again.
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
Mute the speakers.
What would be the exchange rate of currency in Japan
delete this item
i need a manger
Send an email to john asking him what time works for the meeting
I want to listen to rock music.
nope, i think that's not the right answer.
I need to submit a complaint.
Where is Los Angeles?
get xxx on the list
Email to my family saying I love you all
you are awesome,.
Play Boneym
any one is good, olly.
Turn up volume
that's cool, thank you so much, olly.
Tell me about Jhon Abraham Lincon
What is the forecast in my area today
I would like it if my PDA could engage in deep conversation with me.
Please check my mail
i think this was not the correct answer.
could you again rephrase me about your words.
Set the living room lights to red
Tell me about my upcoming events.
What will the high be tomorrow in Tucson?
do not really mind.
I would love a less bright up room
I am in need of some pizza, what's the closest place that delivers?
post in FB my birthday event
you have done that right thanks.
I want a coffee now.
Today's local events
thank you so much for answers.
you've understood the answer exactly.
Can you reserve a train ticket for this day?
Alexa, get me a train ticket to Chicago today.
PDA, please compose a new email to coworker.
Siri, what time is it in San Diego?
s1, rephrase me further on it please.
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for 23rd March
show me map of this location.
Rewind to 4:12
Any new Facebook posts from Amy?
set the volume higher
Give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery.
Hi, what's going on
w
Tweet for me the complaint about drainage choke up
Remove the guest list I created last week
can you show me list of my appointment
What is the time in Hyderabad ?
How many Oscars does Morgan Freeman have?
that was cool, thank you so much, olly.
Please Find all name start with alphabetic of 'A' and create a list.
Start reading 50 Shades of Grey from Chapter 4.
Add all RRCG events in March to my calender
today's news
find transportation to lax
I would like to know the meaning of word?
will you please elaborate me further on this.
Olly that last email needs to be answer asap.
the command was confirmed.
Disable wemo socket
Play The Health Show on the television in the living room.
open my notes
call me an uber for right now
Find me a podcast on wrestling.
sorry.
create an event with location 'home' and with event 'new year's eve'
please check details.
My list please.
remind
Ok Google, can you start 98.7
Play podcast a.
Olly change the lighting to blue
fantastic job, you have done well.
Listen to Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
olly i like you just cancel.
olly what stuff is going on this weekend in my area
that's good one, thank you very much.
could you please check and confirm the details.
Which is worth more? The US Dollar or the Euro?
prepare email for susan
I've cancelled the order placed at McD, did it go through?
What is the current temperature in Miami
Echo I added a new email address for Joe yesterday, will you find it please.
Can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week?
ah that's perfect work.
What day is this event scheduled for?
After swimming lessons, what else is on my calendar on Tuesday?
what is the price of the US dollar vs Canadian dollar
Olly, today was too busy
Can I mine for gold on any public land?
Play the podcast on The Double Down
Tell me what job I should take
Any new messages?
Please tell DSW I'm returning defective shoes
Please let me know the dog show events going on in my home town.
mute enabled until I say so
Has my boss sent me new e-mails today?
PDA, how old was David Bowie when he died?
correct response to the command.
I'd like to listen to Howard Stern?
is it {raining, sunny, etc. condition here} in {location} /here/ now?
WHAT WILL HAPPEN  TO EARTH BASED ON CLIMATIC CHANGE?
this is not so clear to me.
tweet 'I am doing well' on Twitter
Mention the time in Canada now.
PDA, Which part of the country has tropical forest?
What are the local concerts tonight?
yes perfect response.
Open book
would you confirm it.
Do I have an alarm set for morning flight?
Tell me this week's weather forecast
Is Sofia Vergara single?
Olly, should I keep my windows open tonight?
latest instagram posts
Save my opinion on Adele's song.
Completely clear my calendar please.
What kinds of shops are here?
Send me notice of meeting Wednesday 9 am.
yeah get answer right.
can you say it once again please.
what is on event calendar for today
Can you tell me if I have any new emails?
What is the best way to cook pasta al dente?
write a tweet to <unk>
Hey PDA, start an email to coworker.
All I ever want to hear is rap.
Are there any available train tickets to reserve?
Send a Hi to test2@gmail.com
Keanu Reeves, date of birth?
open tweeter of Indian railways
I want a reply to the email
play run
What time is it in in California?
Read that back
What events are happening this weekend in my area?
Are there any tornado warnings today?
you have gotten command perfectly.
oh it's fantastic.
menu
set alarm for saturday
Lower audio!
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
give US president's election news
Ok Google,  can you tell me what the White House is?
Email Robert.
How much is two train tickets?
pink is all we need
Any traffic issues today?
How will be the weather at night
Please play my Top Music playlist.
What is the weather like in Brooklyn right now?
I want 5 hours freed up for Jenn's birthday this Saturday
set a reminder for wishing a friend tommorrow at 10 AM
PDA, shut of the lights
would you check and confirm it please.
change the lights to dim
Erase all events.
Play a podcast from my favorties list.
Let me hear that podcast
i don't really mind to choose any one, olly.
local events
What movies are out this week?
PDA, play my pop playlist.
find coding tutorials
please would you check the detail.
play Busdriver
Please play only Sonu nigam's Song.
Please turn on the music player.
Olly, create an even in my calendar.
you are star,, olly.
remind me 2 days before
Play the Serial podcast
synonyms
i am sorry but i think it's not the right command.
PDA, tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
Look up the current time in new york city.
whats a good joke?
i need to hear what i said again.
Where is DELL standing in stock market right now?
nice job, you've done well.
Tell me about the latest political news?
i don't really mind to choose any one.
send a reply if it is very important
off the speakers.
Siri, what does Jon Snow's handsome face look like?
Is Bills house number in my contacts?
Do they have any events going on downtown this weekend?
Is it snowing in Seattle?
Olly, lets play tic tac toe.
Can you tell me the temperature for Saturday night?
olly i like you cancel.
open meeting time
When was (insert) last academy award winning movie?
How big is the stashable cinch bag, and what does it look like?
turn off lights in my room
i am sorry but that's not the correct answer.
Is there any rain in the forecast for the next week?
i think your command is not correct.
What is the traffic like today?
Remember that I do not like this music.
Play squash with me.
When is Trumps next press conference?
Update my calendar and delete next event
Get the next episode.
Play playlist 1
I am tired
What is Mary S's birthday?
Include this.
Light off
hey siri what's the time
PDA: Add this channel to Pandora
Please invite Kim, Marc, and Julian to a meeting on thursday at 3pm
Please defined about social media.
Can you send an email to 234234@fsdfsd.com?
Any festivals in town at this time or in the coming week?
Instagram
What are the latest news headlines?
Choose a brighter color for reading.
nope, you don't understand what i asked.
Please tell me how to I bake 12 oatmeal cookies?
Can you tell me what haggis looks like?
dammit, you gave me not correct information.
Band name?
Download the latest folk songs having rating of 4 star or above and play all without shuffle.
Google this. How much Vitamin C is in a carrot.
Change the volume level to 19 please
song next
whats the traffic density in NH8?
Do I have new email from work since yesterday?
Name the artist who sang Hotel California.
I need to change my house lights colour to blue
whatever is ok, olly.
celebrity info
give me the time of the events
got it exactly.
wait, this is not the right command.
Did you set the phone on flight mode?
Send email to mom asking about the weather.
Save the email to my contact
check xxxx's number
PDA, I need a taxi/Uber
Check out if i got any email
Add Bruno Mars to my favorites
Food
I like alt rock music.
To go food, louies
it does not really matter with me.
Delete everything for this month.
Order me n Uber ride please.
Make the light more visible.
can you tell me my reminders today
PDA, access pop playlist.
I am in the mood for metal.
Where can I find Japan?
Do I have any emails from Jane Doe
that is unimportant to me.
will you please shut down.
What is included in the tour's list?
yes you have done that perfectly.
stop please.
please try the last one you said once more.
you have done that right.
How about a nice game of chess?
alexa start from my last session of joes book
sorry but i think it's not the right command.
Uh, what does the current date happen to be, PDA?
PDA name: alarm 5pm tuesday
PDA, could you reschedule my meeting?
Need to see volume settings
please double check the instructions to make sure you got it right.
run indian folk song
How do you feel today
set calender for date and time with this person
How old is Ryan Reynolds?
Echo was my afernoon meeting cancelled?
yeah that's good.
Does 18 may contains any birthday
play 'i love you' and then next 'happy'
what is definition of plot
olly remind me i have a meeting at 7pm
Where was Jennifer Lopez born?
thanks to ally for the photos
Turn on kitchen light
i'm not doing thing this week
Give me more light.
Status for the pizza delivery from Pizza Hut
it's not what i meant.
Please unmute yourself.
yes exact.
no, i did not ask for this response.
Check for new mail.
Turn on the vacuum.
would not really care.
what is the weather like now
Is WIllie Nelson still alive?
Cortana, will you please put something something@gmail.com in my contacts?
Remind me to go grocery shopping today
Please advise what the current news is on Fox News?
i am not clear about that.
what is on my schedule for 9 to 11am tomorrow?
please go to settings of the music player and make the equalizer in the flat sound mode.
do not care.
Would you like to play a game?
Just play 93.7 FM
PDA, I'd like to listen to Poker Face by Lady Gaga
Bring me latest tech news
Play good mythical morning podcast
I wish to listen that radio channel
olly talk to you later on.
PDA, Give me the recipe for this food.
Play the football game on the radio
Switch off the lights
May i ask you to dim the lights
Add to calendar Rick's birthday party on Feb 29
Events in my area
birthday
What does bling mean?
s2, i was unclear about what you've said.
In the last year how many hours have I been in meetings?
Are there any traffic restrictions due to the President's visit?
i was unclear about what you have said.
How many pesos will $100 get me?
please tell me what is the time in tokyo japan.?
will you once again explain me on your words.
Which day is Friday the 13th this year
How many teeth does Ryan Reynolds have?
find the list
Hey, tell me more about my meetings today
How much of the earth is made up of water?
answer emai lfrom
Mark on my calender
could you check and confirm the details please.
What's the latest joke?
Add Bob to my list of contacts.
How many Canadian Dollars are in a US Dollar?
Where is the Bolshoi Theatre located?
repetitive event added to calendar
Please add mike@123.com to my contact lists and send them a reminder email.
Read me my current grocery list.
what did you mean by saying this.
what is the value of apple
musch appreciated, that's good.
tune a radio channel for good jokes
Which is the song playing now?
Play for me the channel Star sports
play my favorite pandora station
I have a date with the World bank Group on the 28th, please remind me.
music two
shift the balcony light to off
Tell me the latest stock of pepsi
you understood my instructions correcly.
PDA, change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red.
dammit, it was not what i wanted.
Siri, what's happened in the news today?
how much is 10 USD to CAD
Please subscribe me to updates about US breaking news.
Robots working at jobs
What genre is this song in
tell me the time in GMT plus 5
Please  read the text i just received on messenger
Tweet company about their service
you have got my instructions perfectly.
REPORT ANY NEW EMAILS
Will the weather be less than 10 degree in (Specific City) ?
Bedroom light off!
Technology
slow
it doesn't matter to me.
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
What is the song name
PDA, turn on the radio for me.
can you try the utterance you said one more time please.
wouldn't really mind for any one.
What's Leon's email?
Set a reminder every day at noon to take medciation.
Clear all events from my calendar.
What is on the agenda for today?
Remove Cheese from my list.
PDA when is my alarm set for?
Olly, make a calendar entry for next Saturday at ten a.m., please.
What brand hair spray does Donald Trump use?
What is the weather now?
Crabmeat recipe
remind me to move <unk> so there is no weight gain
Show me my new emails.
Period the light should be in dim
tell me the weather in Barcelona in two days from now
Email John saying I'm on Leave
This item should be added to the list
yes that's fantastic.
olly add sugar to my shopping list
ask a restaurant in My area
Olly, where do the Rocky Mountains start?
has any mail received with an attachment ?
will you check it.
Send an Email to my mum that I will visit her next weekend.
I want to listen to elton john in a live concert
Please play Jennifer Lopez album
turn off garage light
What is the time in the Mountain timezone?
I no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
When was this song recorded?
wake up time
Let me hear my list.
i am sorry but i think you didn't get me.
I want to know the weather in Nashik.
Can you please book train tickets for 2, for this Friday.
that is useful, thanks.
How can I go to Rome by train on Wednesday next week?
How much longer on my order?
What's going on Facebook?
notification of meeting on Wednesday
People canceling Iowa vacations over congressman's words
please can you stop it.
Remove lunch with co workers on Thursday
make me laugh
Fashion
What is the highest Microsoft stock price today
add new email address
would you try the last one spoken one more time again please.
Where can I book a train ticket to Oregon?
start alarm
How did steve irwin die
how much btaxes
it seems like your command you have gotten is not right.
i need a good joke
i would like you check details please.
House lights blue.
Place of Train times
PDA, show list items
remind me at location
that is all, cancel.
Create new meeting event at 2 pm
demographics
Post this status to my social media account.
yes it's confirmed.
uhh no, that isn't what i just said.
Tell me how old is Ryan Seacrest?
How do I measure a liter of milk?
Create a reminder for Visa application on this Thursday
Do you sell any of my information to advertisers?
can you confirm the details please.
you've done that right i appreciate it.
set an appointment for Allen on tomorrow
tell me stock price of...
How old is Bruce Willis?
web searches
you have done command correcly.
that's awesome job, i appreciate it, olly.
Olly, all new mail
play 93.5 fm
Date of recording of the song playing?
am i free between 6 to 7pm
What is a cell tower?
What is the interval of train departures in Chicago?
confirm it please.
I would like to know if  in math operations is calculated before the addition, subtraction,multiply or division?
yeap perfect response.
Look for Irene and play it
Give me the stock price for X.
Is jack send any email
Are there any alarms set right now?
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
Is my birthday this month?
Raise the volume to 60
Whats it near
ah that's excellent work.
i am sorry but you are incorrect.
what time is my doctors appointment
Remove the upcoming calendar event
i think you have done it all wrong.
thank you so much for listening.
any one will be ok with me, olly.
what pubs are close
search word synonym
What is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine?
Delete my meeting event for March 19 at 1 P.M.
which pole is colder, south or north?
Show me the song @ from list
it was cool, thank you, olly.
purple haze
Tell me my friends most recent update?
Plaease play forward episode in quantico.
Clean the sofa with the vacuum cleaner
Am I free this Saturday?
Olly what happened lately regarding fashion?
set an alarm at 6 in the morning
Start playing Kids by MGMT.
Please check email contain job listing
is dinner ready yet?
Is there an alarm for 10am?
Olly what is the weather forecast for today
Yo PDA  order take out from Jason's Deli on 6th ave
1 dollar to Argentinian pesos
Does Fongs have delivery?
uh no, you've done in wrong manner.
clarify me about that once again.
that is enough, just stop.
Please activate my vacuum to clean the living room?
Search for nearby Chinese restaurants
How doespopulation play a role in a countries econonmy?
you did fantastic job, appreciated.
start 80s playlist from track one
how do i roll sushi
Play my favourite podcasts.
oh it's great job.
let me know about election new.
Did I received any Emails from Kevin, and what did he say
what is the lera compared to the dollar
lower hallway lights
Check for emails from my employer
olly i said call jack not jake.
How to cook Lasagna?
give me time
Can you find me a street fair in the neighborhood?
anything is good with me, olly.
confirm my last command please.
inform about latest scheduled events near my locaion
where is artic ocen
please update my status on facebook with good evening
PDA, contact hershey customer support twitter
I need to put together a todo list for work.
what bands are playing close by
How long until my next doctor appointment?
will you check that please.
cancel the event 'valentine's day' from the calender
I need to add bananas to my grocery list.
Can you order me some pizza?
tell me one more again.
Play song next
Tell me some best tourist places to visit in America.
will you say what you have just said once more please.
How far is San Francisco from LA?
Weather, San Antonio, Texas
PDA shoot Dale an email response warning him about the gulls at the beach.
What is the animal with a duck bill and a beavers tail?
Give me the weather for the last five days.
would you try again.
don't really bother.
amazing job, you have done well.
play songs by barenaked ladies
Current song rating, three stars.
Play Rock music
Save this afternoon for my date
i need a train ticket
whatever is okay with me.
the newest samsung phone
off lights
enter this to a list.
please confirm my last question.
can you confirm it.
BIRTH DAY WHISHES
I want to listen to soft rock.
Remind me to check the stew at 6 o'clock
What's the stock of Apple?
that's nice job, thank you so much.
I am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
What's the one night with Paris?
Is it raining in Boston
Who is the singer of song?
send a notification to friend
Start cleaning, robot cleaner
get played the latest classic music
Should I wear sunblock today?
let's play 9 ball against me, adapt with my skill level, always let me win.
Tweet Walmart customer service.
is it raining?
Show me the last episode.
Open Pandora app and play station named Hoizer radio.
Increase light intensity.
Olly, how many calories is in an apple?
What's the cheapest marathon to enter within 50 miles of here?
Please clear out my calendar completely.
email tom
list current set alarms
you have done it correctly thank you very much.
does Arby's do takeaway
Did my mom send me an email?
what is computer(word)?
Please make the lights natural.
Can you find the Dave Ramsey podcast that aired earlier today?
Remove my office meeting event for next week
olly, clean the flat
the cosmos
uh no, it is incorrect answer.
I need you to tweet a complaint
Remind me to go to the library on Friday.
what are today's highlights from <unk>
Give information about the traffic near my location please.
yeah you've got your understanding perfectly.
much appreciated, olly.
What genre is most played on my PDA?
olly's response was wrong.
s1, can you rephrase me more on the last sentence please.
Send an email to qerwerq@dfasdfa.com
Tweet at Macy's: Two weeks after purchase and the hems have all come loose.
Give me notifications when I get any news from the Starbucks I applied to.
Remind me about Tuesday meeting with client at 10 am.
I need you to add this event to my calendar
Is it raining in New Brighton, PA?
s2, i am unclear about your words.
please mute the television for 1 hour
List the subjects and senders of all emails to me in the last week.
What movie is this song from?
Olly do I have an alarm set for tomorrow.
i think that's not the right answer.
oh that is fantastic work.
Alexa, please turn on the lights.
Describe event on March 19th at 2 PM please
Who's the singer?
show bbc report on migration
please check detail.
thank you very much for completing it.
Bring up Facebook and wish a Happy Birthday to the Country USA.
olly will you shut down.
Do they have takeout?
give me a reminder at 8pm for the game
Quiet on.
Is the 23rd on the weekend?
What is the time in London?
s1, rephrase me further on what you have said.
Set the music volume to 90
show exchnge rate of usd vs eur
how expensive is Polish zloty?
Remember me to meet Reveca today at 6:00pm
ah it's excellent, olly.
tell me about lisa ann
Which route has less traffic today?
How many lists are open
Is there any train ticket availabl?
Can you check if I got an email from John?
what about this joke?
Remind me to pay rent every month
Open takeout menus
you have messed up.
uh no, that isn't what i requested.
yeah fantastic response to command.
that's helpful,, olly.
When will my meeting with Sandy occur?
send tweet to @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
you rock, thank you so much.
that must be mistake.
Remember that I need to turn in my math assignment tonight by 11
can't get what you've just said.
Please don't shuffle songs in music player just playing continuously.
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
Is the road in some particular area wide or narrow.
that is all, stop it.
Tell Apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
What is the weather like in Iowa.
please play the radio gaga song
I got invited to the pub on Saturday
Cortana, what is the time in London right now?
start and email to John Smith
color the lights red
Are there any emails from Cassie about Tom?
Post a Facebook status: Engaged!
How much is a train ticket to San Fransisco?
ah that's perfect job, olly.
remind me for making call to all participants
I need to talk to mom
Write a tweet to Burger King expressing my disapproval
s1, can you please rephrase it further to me.
hey siri list the local shops for me
can you check and confirm the question please.
What is the current week weather
Is Jessica's birthday on April 12th?
What are John's contact details?
Text an email to Donna. Hey what are you doing today?
could you please confirm details.
ios
Olly I went shopping today and bought a massive dildo.
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
Is the birthday event on 15th of this month true
please explain the chinnese culture
Define perpetual
Weather, pda?
I need to get to 'location'. Call a cab.
Olly, cut down the volume.
Look for shopping mall, Sacramento, women's clothes
brighten light
What's happening with the hurricane in the gulf?
Text me if NY Times makes a post about India.
Remove Emma's birthday from events
please tell me that one more time again.
Pawel, prepare the meeting with XXX
Order a latte from Starbucks.
will you retry it please.
will you further elaborate me on what you have said please.
Book a taxi
Olly remind me my mom's birthday a week before
Stop the music
What are the names of the lists that I have created?
that's helpful, i appreciate it, olly.
I need some details about celebrity X, please assist.
i don't really know.
Remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow.
Ok Google, how are stocks for Google
Email Chelsea
Where a good restaurant
Put on Cannibal Queen
What the highest likes on facebook?
tell me that one more time please.
warm wishes to mac for new job
PDA, open lists
Make the light in here redder.
What should we do as Progressives about the president?
tell me about city traffic
Cancel all events for today and mark me busy
you said that wrong.
Please tweet that my diapers are falling apart to Pampers.
I need you to set 12 noon prayer for every friday
Weather forecast from Radio+
Lower volume to half.
Mute the audio
cnn world news
Write 10 words on instagram
what are my appointments today
How do I get to Bloomingdale's from my place?
PDA, what sound does a dog make
Set the mood, please.
publish an article in pinterest
Delete my appointment at one tomorrow.
Read out my shopping list for today.
Send an email to my mom.
speak the last words one more time please.
create new contact
Add v8 to my groceries.
Reply to the email received from Jennifer
please clarify me more on what you just said now.
please will you explain further on your words.
What is the date two Saturdays from now?
Just let me know next weeks weather in California
How would you describe the internet?
Tweet at Youtube saying...
good work, you have done well.
yes perfect response to the command.
Is there a sports bar near Kansas City Plaza area?
When is this going to happen
Hello PDA, Has my inbox gone up?
Unlist the meeting on 4th October, 12 pm
Alexa turn off the livingroom lights.
Respond to email
one more time please.
Remind me if anything else happens
Order pizza from Domino's
Latest news feed from facebook
Open the weather app
What are the cordinates of everest?
write an email
What was the temperature when I was in the park?
Need a taxi for my travel
Olly alert me of an email from Dave about the meeting
Give me the details on (event)
yes your understanding was confirmed.
tell me one more again please.
Jay's phone number
Anything new PDA?
you did good job, thanks.
Tweet my current location.
Please tell Kmart they sent the wrong item.
Is there anything important happening on social media
Erase my next event
Weather forecast for this week
Will it be raining day after?
does not matter with me, olly.
Is my schedule for July 7th completely open?
Find easy recipe for almond milk
Please start FM 89.0 radio channel.
can you please check that.
Save all songs from Katy perry
What hour of the day is it in Dallas
This fact sheet provides considerations for how to set up your food-processing business.
Would you like to play never have I ever?
What is the exchange rate between the USA and China's currency.
Could you please send and email to my friend Susie letting her know I won't be at church tomorrow?
When is the birthdate of Taylor Lautner?
What's the time?
When is it suppose to be above 50 again?
please confirm what i just said.
send 'will do. thanks' to john as a reply to his last message
alexa tell me my new email
show johns office number
Tell me my latest email
Save settings
that's not correct.
do not really mind for any one.
Tell me when I get new emails from Principal Lowry.
On Friday please put dentist appointment at three.
Schedule a meeting with the accounting department on 2:30pm on Friday.
is it suppose to rain today
s1, again explain to me please.
play frozen let it go
Can you message back Jean via e-mail.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME THE MEANING FOR THE ITEM LAPTOP.
thanks but i think you made a mistake.
Olly I'm looking for some dress shows, can you find clothing stores within 1 mile
yeap that's wonderful.
What is the highest mountain in the world?
Shuffle the current album of songs.
How long do I need to cook a brisket for it to be medium.
Open my classical playlist.
Remind me to send that email later
suggest a good genre movie that came out recently
please would you repeat what you've said.
I'd like to make post.
Play country music.
What time is it in Central Standard Time?
What's on my calendar this month?
oh no, wrong.
It is too loud, decrease the volume.
When will grief subside after losing parent
schedule a journey to Las Vegas by train
Book a cab for new york
Please Check all new email of RAJESH SINGH.
PDA, change the color of my porch lights to green.
write and send email to my boss
check if there are new emails
Do I need to take an umbrella today?
Set alarm of only monday morning 6 a. m.
I need to be reminded to do something on the 31th
tell me  the details of the music playing
oops, you're not correct.
How long has Princess Kate been pregnant?
Please post so bored to facebook
Exchange rates of INR and USD
Olly, Is the temp really going to be 80 degrees on saturday?
Tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again.
Play the song i didn't hear from last month
Olly I want to listen to Believer.
play foke
I need a song to calm me.
PDA, Are there any alarms set?
Time, Wellington, NZ
What Asian restaurants nearby offer to-go food?
Turn off/on the socket!
can you shut off.
Tell my meetings for tomorrow morning.
Start the radio now
What day of the week is my birthday this year?
What are the upcoming concerts in Dallas?
Please play this song again
Describe what a virtual reality headset does
Obama.
Are you jealous of Siri's movie career?
Set a meeting with Hongbin
PDA delete last item listed
Notify me when there's news on the Dakota pipeline
What is scheduled on my calendar today?
Ok Google, play audiobook {title}
Add soup to my shopping list.
Where can I find that recipe for Magic Cookie Bars?
Please enter in my calendar an appointment with Dr. Branden for this Friday at 6 pm.
what is john's phone number?
alarm set
olly shut off.
Mention the stock price of HDFC
Get me latest updates from Facebook.
I want the smart socket off now.
What are the offers in Uber eats?
Remove that from my list.
initiate vacuum clener
get me a train ticket to go to
ANY RESTAURANT IN THE BEAUTIFULL
List my different alarm
Please know that today I had a meeting with George
yeah got that perfectly.
What is the temperature right now in New York?
remind me when a contact calls
list alrams
I want to buy over-ear headphones with Minimum Frequency Response of 15 Hz and Maximum Frequency Response 22000 Hz.
play david bowie
alexa make an event reminder for a meeting with mona on tuesday
what are we doing next week
How far of a drive is it from Lexington, Kentucky to Washington D.C.?
PDA: What's the recipe for fried chicken?
Let me know any new emails I've received.
Play me some pop.
Send tweet to Walmart saying i had an unpleasant experience
Play sec01 music from good playlist
What is Apple's current stock price?
How many likes does my last instagram photo have
I need to organize a meeting with sarah, tomorrow alexa
will you remind me to go to hockey class every Sunday afternoon?
What do I have to do next?
put alarm for this meeting
Two by two is?
Can you open my itunes?
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
Please add concert at summerfest to calander
what time is it in the other time zones
it doesn't matter for me, olly.
Open The Two Towers and play.
Describe a potato.
what is the time in new york
that was awesome, i appreciate it.
What do i need to do today
Tell me the weather for ny city
What are all of the items on my list?
Explain Bob Dylan
I'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date.
Can i dry my clothes on the line?
Too Much PDA
The origins of the universe.
well done, appreciated, olly.
What's the current weather in New Jersey?
do i have a game on april 7
I want to see the twitter handler of Samsung
Olly, what's new in the news?!
What's the exchange rate between the U.S Dollar and the Euro?
Please delete the next calender event that I have created.
what music is this?
what is the current weather
How many pumpkins do I need to make a pumpkin pie?
Set mute mode for one hour.
whats the schedule for today
Send an email to Jake to tell him thank you
Is it going to be nice out this week?
my work schedule
Call RTA and book a taxi for 3 o'clock in the morning
Can I get a list of the news from the Wall Street Journal?
What's new with the stock market.
you rock, appreciated.
you have understood my instructions perfectly.
How much is 1gbp in usd?
do I have any reminders on my list?
Shuffle Play my Slow Songs Play List from Spotify
would not bother, olly.
Play my workout playlist in spotify
I don't want eggs
When is Easter?
Playlist with the song 'Clementine '
What's happening around the world?
How many miles from one end of the U.S to the other from East to West?
Open talk radio station.
tell me what i have said again.
Switch on the plug.
PLEASE PLAY THE NEWS CHANNEL SO THAT I CAN HEAR SOME NEWS?
Let's suck out the dust.
Book a taxi to go to the movies at 1
this doesn't really matter with me, olly.
How long will it take to get home?
report complaint to samsung by tweet
tell me background family of selena gomez
i think not right command.
what is my meeting at 9AM?
Please remove my to-do list from today
that is all, just cancel.
Today's day is really tiring.
Who did I email recently?
Will 'punjab mail' reach on time in gwalior?
How much is a round trip  train ticket to go to New York?
What is the exchange rate for USD to NZD
open jazz
Remind me when I am at the library to get a new library card
What time does the train to Iowa leave?
Should I bring an umbrella with me right now?
What are my reminders?
talk to you later.
I am bored
send an e-mail
Tell me your answer
I want max volume on my speakers
set alarm on 25th may at 5 pm
I will require full cover jacket if it is too stormy in evening
how can i delete an item
define this
Please submit status to facebook
Tell me the top stories on CNN
What is the stock price of HDFC ?
What are the titles of the lists in contacts?
call city cab to airport
Olly I want you to put on be warned by tech n9ne
i want you just cancel it.
tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet
can you please confirm the detail.
Is there going to be any flip flop weather soon?
PDA I am going to work today.
Save information about love of Beyonc
fix alarm
Play tic-tac-toe with me
Lets begin buddy
hows the food order going?
Find and Order Domino pizza at nearest store of domino.
Tell me the today'd date
what's today date ?
How many cats does Taylor Swift have?
Radio
I'd like to hear some Motown.
show last mail from john
tell me a joke.
what do i have to do today
Play some tunes
I want to and my email address.
Are there any alarms for today?
using remote
It's eight at night in France, what time is it in New York?
Shut off the lights in the kitchen
Whats the latest?
Play madonnas like a virgin
PDA play my workout playlist.
awesome work, you did well, olly.
Turn on radio now.
Where is the closest kroger?
thank you very much for your answer.
what is the current time in boston
Olly, what is the best tasting cut of beef?
Create a new folder
List and play all Theory podcasts under 10 min
How long will it take to finish cooking my meal?
shit, i think wrong.
what's the recipe for tacos
What is the going rate for Wells Fargo stock?
notify me about all meetings tomorrow
What date is it?
who sings that song?
read the headlines from New york times
Is it raining today?
When is the best time to travel to Canada? What airport to use?
Please make the room brighter.
olly that is enough, cancel.
Send an email to Susan an write
Play some Lady Gaga.
Play 91.5 rm radio English songs
what will the weather be on the 7th
where are you from
Alexa turn on channel 95.1.
Delete event from mine
Will I need a sweater after work?
whatever is okay for me.
Remove from calendar my medical appointment for today
find me the song currently palying
ah it's good, olly.
alexa how much do you know about me
Delete my dinner tomorrow.
tell me the artist of this song.
Louder, please.
i don't know, olly.
play music by skrillex
Read me the latest international news.
resume playing you are joking mr feynman
can you please further clarify me about it.
Forward email to liz
Play Subway surfers with me.
what did you just say.
Set a timer at 5 Am 7 days a week
Is it still going to be rainy and cold on Wednesday?
today date
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
Can I get a train ticket to...
What awards did Erica Grebe win last night?
I need to write an email to a new address, brandon at example dot com
What is the list about my my favorite songs
Honda stock price?
you helped a lot,, olly.
i would not bother, olly.
Update me on my emails.
Activate the robot vacuum
Olly what mexican food is around me?
you have that incorrectly.
PDA delete apples from my grocery list
Echo will you look up Joe's contact information for me.
Will the world come to an end? When?
Add dan@dan.com to my contacts
i'd like you to confirm that please.
Notify me of the latest news on the stock market
what is the weather like right now?
you've done it correctly thanks, olly.
From Wangs Kitchen restaurant, home delivery for a chicken manchow soup.
Show me Boston's current time
look up the definition to ambulance
PDA, how old was Madonna when her first hit came out?
describe what a chair is
Check for any new emails, Google.
describe the current state of politics
Could you skip ahead to the next episode?
how long will it take to travel to japan from south korea
you have done it correcly.
Let me hear my no. 1 favorite play list
I need all the local events for this area that are being held this weekend.
that was not what i meant.
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
Make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
Remove today's meeting at evening
it is unimportant for me, olly.
could you reset the last phrase spoken please.
Define, triscadecaphobia.
hmm, you've done this all in wrong manner.
it was confirmed.
play audiobook where we left off
explain me about what you've just said once again.
What are the events conducted in NY?
I need to set up a recurring event in my calendar please
DID I SET MY HOUSE ALARM?
Send a reply to Robert for his email received today morning.
s2, do not understand that.
I hate how long the traffic jams get
What does tweet mean?
Give me lists
you have done your understanding correcly.
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
Put on the next song in 5 minutes.
yeap it's correct.
current news
How  many unopened emails do I have right now?
What are the latest updates on my Facebook account
can you check train schedule to Berkeley
How congested is the traffic on my way to work?
what is the traffic today
How much time is a train to there
Hey olly play the latest somgs from playlist
what causes osteoperosis
i want to hear <unk>
Please call the Golden Fork and tell them to deliver one portion of the fish risotto
Set reminder to print the documents on Tuesday morning
Has Derek logged into Facebook today?
open some cools jokes
Complain to the restaurant about the food I was served.
Jump to 8:20
start podcast
Was anyone arrested at the protest today in Chicago?
have no idea about what to choose, olly.
would not mind to select any one.
could not get that.
Play for me music by The Beatles
Remind me in the future of this
I want to hear my rap playlist.
Please be quiet
What time does Mondays meeting start?
any lighting news emails
What day of the month is Fat Tuesday?
you got the command perfectly.
what is the exchange rate from ENglish currency to Yen
speak that again please.
Tell me about ...
Is it true the hanging tree really had someone hung from it?
Is it going to rain next week?
whats today's date
Ted talks
You shoud know about
will you check it please.
Broadcast The Health Show from the kitchen.
eminem
Is there any news Olly?
that's wonderful.
Is it raining in San Francisco?
What is the object in this photo?
PDA, show me how to cook a recipe.
will you tell me once more please.
PDA: I want to know what the specials are tonight at Bob's House of Burgers. Anything with cheese?
What is on my shopping list today?
Is my order ready for pick up now?
PDA, write a tweet to this company.
respond to the mail of ash in morning
Go fetch all the lists from the notes app.
Expired products in recent market
What is the location of...
Show me timetables for trains going from Prague to Brno
Make the lights...colour
Tell me about celebrity
play the latest song Adele
clear schedule
REMOVE ICECREAM FROM GROCERY
change alarm to start at
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
Remove my dentist's appointment from today's schedule.
Clear all events from calendar
Yo PDA, what's the current time
who is Donald Trump
manage a meeting for today morning.
turn off lamp
How do you road lamb?
i am sorry but i think you are not correct.
Turn on my alarm
PLEASE turn the volume down.
Set an alarm for 5 am
What's my upcoming week look like?
remind me in time to do thing
What's the temperature out now?
what is 4 plus 4
Speak as loud as you can.
Please check my Gmail for new mail
Convert current time from GMT to EST
Do I have any email from work?
Olly there's a good band playing tonight at 9 at jazzbar. I want to go
can you please please reply for that mail
Please let me know about my aniversary
Please turn on fm
Please do not speak.
List the latest apple stock prices.
yeah you did it exactly.
read me new messages from NAME
Clear everything from the calendar
Display volume strength on current track
you have made some mistake.
tell me when the event starts
What do I have planned next Monday from noon to 3:00
What was the news for March 4th 2017?
What's the most popular story on my Facebook newsfeed?
Play top 40 dance
Where is a good wine bar near me?
Olly, do you know what a joke is?
Check the status of my order
Olly I need to know if I have any new reminders?
will you say again please.
Delete my alarm for 8am
Please do not respond.
please confirm the detail.
Can you inform me about what I have going on this week?
05.02.17
set the default audio setting
what is the time now?
will i need to bring rain boots after lunch?
i want you confirm it please.
Easy home cooking recipes
yeap amazing response to command.
open all unread emails
Remember to fix a meeting between me and the players tomorrow evening by 7.
Do I have emails
give me the news update from BBC
can you check and confirm last thing said please.
Add meeting with all employees on March 20 at 9 AM
Bullet train from Tokyo to Hokkaido - under 3000 yen for next weekend
Is there a new email in the inbox from jay ?
yeah you've understood my instructions exactly.
Set notification for meeting with boss.
you are chatbot
I want you to mute
Review all alarms.
play True Love next
open times of India
Convert 8 AM Manila time to New York time.
What is the probability of rain today night
When is the next train leaving for Austin
PDA: Please let me know when there is an update to the plane crash story
sned email to daughter saying I love you
What is the title of this song and please shuffle songs from the artist that sang it.
Perpetual meaning
Events, description
s1, rephrase what you've just said further to me.
What time does the train run in Beaumont, Tx?
Show me world news updated in the pst hour.
Company coming over Echo turn on the vacuum cleaner right now.
Cancel the list
What's the weather now?
Go to WBMP-FM radio
what is your age
Give me a company for playing football
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and Canada?
check the last thing i said please.
Create a new list for me
please clarify more on what you just said now to me.
you are so helpful, musch appreciated.
What's the date is currently?
Tell me all the pending reminders
send an email to mike about this weekend party
What is the current stock price for Hasbro?
I want to hear a good joke.
I want to send a tweet to United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
Tell me the local events.
create new event on calendar 'john's birthday'
What time is it in London right now?
Play the Bjork album I've heard the least.
tweet about what can be done for it
Tell me what movie was the winner of last year's Academy Award for Best Picture.
would you say once more please.
put a new mail
show me new email
What is the exchange rate between money I'm the united states and switzerland
i just ordered food, call and see it has been delivered
Am I going to be able to mow the grass this evening?
you did nice job, musch appreciated.
What alarms are set in the morning, PDA?
add a marriage celebration party on this sunday
If it's sunrise in Stockholm, what time is it in Okinawa?
Tube was super busy today
what is a googleplex?
What music do I prefer?
I want to hear my favorite song from Iron Maiden
PDA, say a funny.
Olly, I am not tired, I am actually happy.
Echo are there any new emails for me.
Create a meeting thursday afternoon for budget review
Skip forward
details on person
What will the weather be like in Oklahoma City on Monday
Play a jazz music
What is status of current weather.
got me incorrectly.
what movies are going around me?
what time do I have a doctors appointment on the 22nd
What integrent do I need to cook pasta.
Will they deliver to me ?
Olly, open alarm and create an alert for ten a.m.
can you please update me the time?
What is the forecast for the week
Olly remind me about the picnic at Regent park
appreciate the answer.
Run music from this playlist
Could you play this song XXX for me please?
Whats on my list
Please give me update of cricket
Please turn off the light of the bathroom
Check time of kalka train From jodhpur station on monday
play newest reason podcast
you did wonderful work, thank you so much, olly.
that's excellent.
howmany 3 are available in 27
when is Jacob's birthday?
please change color of light to pinkish.
It would be nice if you could play with my kids
What is the current date?
you are helpful, appreciated.
What sorta music events can find going on around me
right.
Please email Mary and tell her I'll have her files ready in the morning.
i think incorrect.
Please quiet the speaker
Is Bills pager number in my contacts?
What is the best hardware store near me?
joke of the day
Las Vegas time?
please will you clarify further on what you've just said.
Please play Gary's podcast
a quarter to two
through mail server
show difference of kids in planets
this is of no importance to me.
Finances.
What country was Einstein from?
speak one more again please.
it is helpful,, olly.
Please post Happy Birthday USA on my newsfeed.
play my favourite book .
Repeat all.
i did not say it.
Show me the weather forecast for the next 3 three days
I need to hear a joke. Can you tell me one.
I need recipe for yellow rice
tweet at company
It seems cold.
turn on smart socket in dining room
What's happening today?
olly please would you shut down.
will you please rephrase me more on it.
yeah you've got your understanding correcly.
i think wrong command.
Add to calendar a home visit everyday this week
delete birthday party
i need to hear the last you said again.
Can  i go out in shorts
What happened to Fergie
Please remove tomatoes from grocery list.
PDA, open 104.7 radio
send that
How to cook yellow rice
Kitchen Light off
Notify me about the evening meeting five minute in advance.
pleaze remove the the alarm which i set
What does word mean?
Delete all my meetings
hmm, not right response.
it was cool, i appreciate it, olly.
what time is it in that city
any emails?
Show me the meetings for the day.
Let's play tic-tac-toe
i think you did mistakes.
yeap agreed.
Olly what ingrediants do I need to make Lobster Bisque
alexa what are the chances of Donald trump turning into a dictator
When is my next work day?
what events are happening today
nearest restaurants available at this time
create an email to ____
will you check and confirm command.
Please see if Chili's has delivery.
set to mute
Do I have any new emails from Sarah?
Play pop
Olly, book me a train ticket to Barcelona, please.
Is it raining tonight?
What was the scores between OKC and DEN?
Put dark colours instead of light ones in the house.
you messed up with.
What is the date?
Hey Olly, play me a popular R&B song?
Can I see my Facebook feed?
Olly, I need to create a list of grocery items which are generally required for an outing for two days when you travel out of the city.
I want you to remove the wedding on the 10th from my calendar.
Olly, hit me up with some exciting events in the Bay Area.
What is the answer to 4+4?
Math
Speak louder please
Please delete the list
what are you trying to say.
what are my meetings in the coming week
check and confirm last thing said please.
Olly play the latest downloaded podcast
What time is it on the west coast?
Create a new list for me please
Set an alarm for 5 minutes from now.
it is good job, thank you very much, olly.
Please play Doluma from vedhalam
Lighter shade on the lights please!
Schedule dinner with Sara and Jamie
Play random music
1PM REMOVED 1AM SET
Send tweet to United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
Tweet to Ikea costumer service the following, I'm not happy with this new KLM product
Set an office meeting reminder for the next three days
Today feels like hard rock.
delete an item
this doesn't matter, olly.
Play some music from metal genre
How was the day
PDA do I have anything planned?
update on April the giraffe
s1, please would you clarify me further on your response.
Okay, Reply to email.
Check unread emails.
do not mind.
where is the kiss concert?
i appreciate the helps.
wait, you've understood me not right.
google
I like 70s music.
I will need a reminder of the 3:00pm teachers meeting on Thursday.
how do i make <unk>
Find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring.
what you have said is not so clear.
Please show me any articles related to weather in the morning news.
How many runs have Sachin Tendulkar scored?
Play my chillhop playlist
What is the latest news on Donald Trump
Please turn off the lights in the kitchen.
Book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
i can not catch that.
Olly, write a reply to my mother's email.
what is the cost of a train ticket to denver
Olly tell me john's phone number
great response.
set the alarm in my calendar events before 5 mins
it does not really matter for me.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHICH TIME WILL BE THE BEST TIME FOR  ME TO DATE MY LOVER.
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
What's new today?
Create an event with Zaf
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
let's try it once more.
Uber me to the airport
i think you've done task wrong.
dammit, you gave me wrong information.
Who is this?
is there a contact named Allen in my list
incorrect.
it doesn't really matter with me.
Let's cook meatballs together!
What time is it in England?
Give me some recipes for_______
thank you for doing that, olly.
Turn down speakers
would you please check and confirm what i just said.
Find me kiss fm channel.
What are the results of the election?
please will you say that one more again.
what is the time in London now
tweet complint to samsung
what meetings do i have this week
What is the total number of islands in the United States?
whats going on with trump
Get me match highlights
yeap that's correct.
Tell me topics of all my lists.
send email to joejoe@gmail.com
Switch from blue to yellow lights
you did fantastic job, thank you so much.
Hey olly read any new email to me
more light
Are there dog shows going on near New York city?
mail send to ashok
Call Pizza Hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms.
Bring up Twitter to Target Customer Service.
i was not so clear about it.
Play songs by Bryan Adams.
can you recommend some movies to watch in theater near me
PDA i'm driving please auto answer my calls on speaker phone.
info about africa
explain last sentence once again please.
Are there any reminders left?
at 4pm how long will be the remaining travel time to the destination
Has Jane Doe emailed me
Wake me up at 6:30
i do not really mind for any one.
Resume the song from the audiobook by Madonna
Play football with me
Could you tell me about the alerts I have set?
fast and the furious
play videos
How many alarms are currently on my phone
How much is $X worth in...
Do I need a jacket today?
please say it one more time again.
List all the shops that are located in Milan
Call PF Chang's to order me Egg Foo Young.
How heavy is traffic now in denver.
I love the song, do you?
Turn off smart socket
retry it please.
Play Let me love you by Ariana Grande
please can you replay.
Buy me a ticket to Boston.
Comcast sucks, put that on their twitter account.
anything is ok for me.
When is the next board meeting?
I want to hear rock.
kill all the frogs you see, PDA.
Id like to get on the next train that will be departing Indianapolis headed to Chicago.
Play me some hihop
sorry but that was not the correct response.
show me some vegan restaurants close by
Get rid of the Wednesday list
go to alarm on menu
reply my address to john
find me info on
What ingredients do I need to bake a large cake?
Research the clients that will attend the meeting
Load up Ghost Recon Wildlands.
Read me the news for the day
I don't want any events listed on the calendar
PDA: When this story updates, would you let me know please?
PDA send email to comcast that their service sucks.
i am sorry but that is not the correct command.
Tell me how to make tacos
Keep mu up to date on the election news.
What is the name of this musical group
please further explain your answers to me.
Tweet @companyname that I did not receive my order on time
Play music from the jazz genre.
Do I have a meeting this afternoon?
plants
Read my grocery list
yes agreed.
Schedule a sales meeting for Wednesday at 11am
Inappropriate Activity
events upcoming
Turn off lights in kitchen
thank you so much.
Define inflation and describe it's effects on an economy.
How's the weather?
Which bar has the most affordable drinks near Sixth Street?
PDA pull up all emails from my friend Cat Vonstaragrabber
Take note of my complaint and tweet to @consumer service.
let me know what is remaining on my query
What is the exchange rate of USD to CAD
NOTE DOWN IMPORTANT EVENT IN THIS WEEK.
Raise volume
PDA name: Do have any new email?
Want to wake up can u order a caffechino
Is the weekend going to be nice?
Can I find out information about a contact?
Set an alarm for 8am.
I need a reminder at 2:00 every day to check on my mother.
I would like to hear Rush Limbaugh on I heart Radio
Play a song i like.
Can I remove a reminder?
your understanding was exact.
train ticket
Tweet to McDonalds saying that I found a hair in their burger.
it's right.
did you get detail correctly?
how's weather today?
please will you say once again.
it's fantastic, thanks.
Tell me the deepest sea in the world
Any incoming emails in the last five minutes?
have I received any mail in the last hour
What is the quickest way to Grand Central?
Turn on an alarm for 3:30pm today
could you just cancel please.
Do I need to be reminded of any meetings on Monday?
Olly, tell me about the weather.
I want a train ticket from Los Angeles to Phoenix
Which place has more traffic?
amazing job, you've done well.
Olly, play anything in my recent playlist.
Do I have any emails?
My events
Load Sirius and play a rock and roll show.
I would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from Subway.
What does a geranium look like?
that does not really matter with me.
check and confirm it please.
set on 22nd march badminton match in merita square
anything would be good with me, olly.
Define session
delete events
Does Olive garden have take out?
Any events in Delhi today?
What temperature will it be today?
Can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
tell me everything about Albert Einstein
Show me New York Times news.
Give me the definition of the word fondle
s2, i couldn't understand what you just said.
Play the first song on my Playlist
What do you think I look like?
Turn on the radio and play channel 106.9
Add vodka to my party shopping list
Turn on console
What is the sum of $15.99 and $6.65?
Make a list of camera photos
I will need my filter coffee in 10 mins. Please ask the coffee maker accordingly.
find remainder and delete
yeah you did the command correcly.
What should I cook for supper?
would you confirm the details please.
can you remind my next meeting with my boss, one hour before it will happen?
What kind of music am i into?
Please find me the most recent news on
When will by order from taco bell be delivered?
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE CLASSICAL MUSIC FOR ME.
Funny joke
i am in the mood for some classical music
title of content
Time time is the holiday party at the office?
turn the light off
reset it please.
Take off the doctor's appointment on march 20th.
Check time of 10887 train From Luni station on Tuesday
Hi, you there
Find the latest Disney podcast.
Where was Madonna born?
i want a train ticket.
Please apuse this audio book now.
Should I wear a jacket?
directions to place
whatever will be fine.
movies making money.
clear all events in calender for March
Where did Amal Clooney go to college?
appreciate helps.
Will I need to carry an umbrella with me today?
yeap you did it right.
play audio
Transform into a woman.
Put on Radio mango
sorry but i think you've gottten that wrongly.
start cleaning floors
Turn on the radio on this channel
What's the traffic on 80 today?
you are hero,.
where was you
really i wouldn't mind, olly.
uhh no, you have done task all in wrong manner.
that's cool, musch appreciated.
Please find today's forecast
Are there any accidents on the 405?
i didn't say that.
How to cook that meal
please would you confirm detail.
Tell me about what latest inventions are our scientists doing these days?
Find me a good wine shop that stock old wines, like older than 10 years. Navigate me to that shop.
Send email to Robert, 'What time is dinner?'
What artist is this?
What shops are round here?
ensure I have to get up at 6 in mornning
I need to play Sims
How far is Birmingham from London?
How many degrees is it in Houston right now?
Do I have any birthday today?
What is the status on the current elections?
What is this song
write this message to the coworker group.
it does not matter to me.
Send email to <email address>
Switch lights to dim red, we bout to get frisky in here.
keep me posted on _____subject in the news
yeap it was correct.
Unmute after 30mins
Play next episode of Cashing In With TJ Miller
Turn up speakers
confirm the detail please.
Spotify
turn on Bob and Tom
What list are open
Anything happening today?
Play the most popular music from the seventies
Please book a train ticket from London to Manchester
yeah that's great.
Tell me what shops are nearby
when I should leave to XXX
update my list
Who was appointed as deputy CM of Uttar Pradesh
What did Apple stock close at yesterday?
At what time have you set alarm for me
book a train ticket from Orlando to Chicago
How tall is Mt. Everest?
you do not get what i asked.
oh it's nice one.
I want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
Could you play that radio channel
Did I receive any new email from Robert?
Olly, play CNN news
yeah excellent response to the command.
What are the details on UMF
Delete the next event on the calendar
Latest tweets
please mark the date 1/2/2017 and set the reminder at 5 pm  to make an appointment with mr. Richard.
Give me the description about watch
hey, turn off the light please
Friendship
display my lists
Remove upcoming calendar event
olly will you shut off.
create a playing teams and play with them
How do I get to Poughkeepsie from NYC?
set alarm for morning 6
Is it warm outside?
turn the lights down
What is a hierophant?
Set a Thanks Giving event for Friday
What where the winning numbers of the powerball lottery yesterday?
What is the latest story from Fox News.
Check to see if I have any new emails from...
Turn on the playlist I have decicated to rock music.
What is on the list?
What is the exchange rate between the British pound and the US doillar?
please repeat that.
Today's schedule.
uhh no, you didn't interpret the request right.
My day was full of work Olly.
Add Diapers in cosmetic list
What color is a dragon fruit?
Increase the light level.
Can I find the cheapest train ticket for this destination?
what is the definition of ultra?
Please start the podcast
please can you speak what you've just said again.
Play The Veldt by deadmau5
would you confirm details.
weather at the moment.
What do I need to remember?
Where are the Rocky Mountains located?
Look up contacts
Don't forget about meeting Reveca todat at 6:00pm
will you please shut off.
Turn on 107.5.
What's the most popular curry place in town?
play song
Add Lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
Change my calendar for today
Yes or no. Tomorrows temperature is to be hot.
will you help me write an email to Chelsea
Send an email to peter asking him which one dress should I bring and attach the photos of dresses taken recently.
Will it get warmer here next week?
please turn down the volume
Set the colour of light to red
shit, it isn't what i was searching for.
Find me a train ticket for the next trip to Washington DC.
Olly, should I wear a coat outside?
new messages
oops, i think you didn't get response right.
what is the coldest state in the us
what are  examples of spicy cuisines?
if it is raining i will not go for job
that was nice one.
show up the events for me today.
Can you empty my calendar?
you've gotten my instructions right.
Start the coffee machine at three.
Switch off Wemo.
hmm, i did not ask for this response.
Other songs by this artist
can we please lower tge lights
Are the podcasts from X Available yet?
that was confirmed.
Write an email, recipient, Ray.
Paper, scissors or stone?
excellent work, you've done well.
Save my spotify preferences
PDA is my alarm set for tomorrow morning?
s1, again explain me about your response.
I want the alarm set for six.
it's good one, appreciated.
It is 5:45 am in Liverpool, what time is now New York?
Do I have any meetings next week?
Plesae let me know the alarm kept for Tuesday's meeting
Please remove a list
Ask your Network
Is Mysore going to be very hot and humid today, whats the weather status
open the site XYZnews.com
would you please check instruction.
Is Leonardo Married?
any one would be fine with me.
take bread out from the shopping list
selection of restaurants
Where is Mt. Rushmore Located?
Post picture to facebook.
What's the news in politics?
How is the weather looking in Las Angeles?
i didn't say this.
Give me the news on my provider.
open my reminders
Do you have feelings?
Open Pandora app.
Play the radio on 99.9 FM only.
How many meetings do i have today from 9 to 5pm?
Tell me all events for today in my city
Please give me address of Salman khan apartment
you gave me incorrect information.
Add dentist appointment for Friday at 5
Please tell me what is the time in sanfranscio.
put a repeating event on the calendar
do I have any lists for the upcoming week
What is the weather in Pensacola
Start reading book.
Tell me if taco bell delivers
that's not what i wanted to see.
s2, i can not understand that.
that is all, just cancel it.
Hi, how is the weather
Add 'meet with Dave' at Subway on Weber on 4 April at 5pm.
Please add note to this file, good tune.
Schedule lunch with mom on tuesday of this month.
I WANT TO LISTEN ARIJIT SINGH SONG ONCE AGAIN.
Check facebook and twitter and tell me if anything interesting is happening.
it's not the correct command.
Get rid of the 5 pm alarm.
Please open Audible app and resume play.
Which is the best place to visit in this month ?
show awards of rihana
Echo, remove my work alarm
yeap get it right.
PDA when is President's Day?
Get coffee maker started for a fresh cup.
Set phone to vibrate for a reminder 5 minutes before my next meeting
How is weather on such and such day.
Can we turn up the lights?
hows twitter
tell me the news in technology from engadget
Tell me a random trivia.
play miley cyrus radio
what is that.
What goes with risotto?
art exhibitions in california
What song in the theme song for Frasier?
play 'party songs'
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email?
whai will be the highest temperature in coming week
yeah you've gotten command perfectly.
When is the next train to Center City Philadelphia?
I want to listen to a sports podcast.
Who's playing the oboe on this piece?
do not mind to select any one.
Could you please search my new news provider for the latest news?
I need to let my small group know the location has changed
4/2=2
Check my email for any new email from Joe.
add xxx on the list
what time is it in des moines?
Teach me about exposure settings that would be best for a cloudy day in Alaska.
Add butter to the list
why people who reads may not be the most courteous and well-born?
anything is ok to me, olly.
geography melbourne
show my activity list
Remind me about my anniversary in advance.
play a song randomly from my playlist
it's helpful, appreciated, olly.
start play recently added playlist
Can u turn off wemo plug socket
Where is South Asia located?
hi, what is going on today.
Do we have Morgan's office's number?
If it's 5 am in Berlin, what time is it here?
Where was Seth Rogen born?
Olly what are the latest changes happening today in the US
would you please confirm details.
Please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie.
What high school did Halley Barry go to?
What's the weather?
record pb
Can you tell me what a grommet is?
Cup of coffee please
create a meeting with friend
Olly could you fix me some coffee
Play classic rock
remind me that i have a meeting with cassy for an ola Event happning tommorow.
that is helpful, appreciated.
Please increase the volume of the current song
Please make a complait to Levis
Just let me know the important appointments with dealers over the week
Can you give me the details of upcoming annual function on 26th March?
call my wife
olly will you stop it.
start chapter five of physics for future presidents
Set environmental news notification.
Tweet at samsung that I am disappointed that their phones are so easy to break.
you are so helpful, appreciated.
How The Eiffel tower looks like?
wonderful job, you have done well, olly.
Show me the latest from the Daily Mail.
How is the weather in San Francisco
What is
check and confirm the details.
Play the radio.
you showed me the wrong results.
Give me my Facebook update every 3 hours.
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
what events are scheduled for this weekend in my area
Olly, lets listen to Hunt for read october
you have done it correctly thank you so much.
Play the top 40 radio
What time is my alarm set for?
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
how long until we get to Chicago
do i have any new tinder matches
Echo I need a reminder for tomorrow for Joe's party after work.
I would like to know the events happening around here
your scenarios on your PC and transfer them back to the PDA via the hot
wait, i think that's not the correct command.
would you tell me one more time please.
Dolly patrons background
What's 3 plus 355?
stop and try what i've just said once more.
let's try the last word spoken one more again please.
PDA, please add an item in my calendar.
what's new in gaming industry?
reply mail
what are my calender event
Is there a way to pull up information about a contact?
Take me to news from NBC
Begin radio play.
send email too..
Olly, make me some coffee.
i think you did it all wrong.
Will I need a jacket after 10pm in my area?
hmm, you gave me wrong information.
mailed the personal data
BBC World Headlines
Update Outlook mailbox
New ultra model car.
that was useful,, olly.
Erase events.
How long does tonight's dinner party last?
fix the driving route from here to grant market
set my alarm for 7am
move 'buying eggs' item to trash from to do list
What do I have going on next week?
i could not quite catch that.
yeah good response to command.
how do you fell
Play my favorite song by London Grammar.
do i have any remainder next sunday
Facebook Status: Anyone wanna go to the movies?
Does the nearby dominos have delivery
convert 1 US dollar to british pound
add new checklist
i think your answer is wrong.
Go to nytimes.com
What is Taylor Swift's Birthday?
stop, i think it's not the correct response.
Can I wear jeans comfortably this afternoon?
Start the radio now on low volume
what is X + Y?
What kind of weather should I expect this week?
has April the giraffe had her baby
Alexa play 90's alternative
Plant-based news
Tell me who wrote this song
please can you shut off.
Once a new topic on politics comes up alert me
What is Mary Smith's telephone number?
you rock, thank you.
reply to Johns email by saying yes I can.
Does love equal sex?
Alexa, what is on my calendar for today
Set the event to recur on the first Monday of the month
check the last thing said.
tell me all local events
Please delete the contacts that I havent spoken to in 3 of months
I want to see the recipe of veg biryani
find the ways of travel for the same
Describe the Heart Stone card game.
Turn the volume down a little please
find emails from Bob about the bulldog
Events, 6:45 today
PDA what's happening in world news
Can you eat sweet potato greens raw?
What pubs are near the Metro station?
What is the exchange rates of this currency
i think you made mistake.
please further rephrase me about what you have said.
sorry but it is not the correct command.
Play playlist Postal Service.
Increase the volume to 50
you are awesome, thanks.
i think you're incorrect.
Should I wear shorts today
PDA, tell me the weather for this week.
If I could go anywhere in the world, where should I travel
Olly, I have a doctor's appointment at 2pm today.
pardon.
Where do I get my pet fixed?
What day of the week is Thanksgiving?
Please draft an email to Shaun requesting Sunday's off for the next schedule.
that was not what i asked for.
switch on the green light <unk>
Can you drop a beat for me?
that was good one, thank you very much.
How far away is Dushambe?
Please play recently paused audio.
I have a meeting, set a reminder for 4/9
This event needs to be deleted
my day was fun
on the button of cleaner
s2, i am unclear about your answer.
Remind me to make a pizza tomorrow morning
please will you just cancel.
please explain me on what you've said further.
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at 5
Where does Brad Pitt live?
weird things people want to know
Olly, notifiy me two hours before my meeting.
What does Rumplestiltskin mean?
play CNN radio
Olly, set generic calendar event for next Saturday at 10 a.m.
Give me the latest political headlines across the world.
diverge
PDA, please set an alarm for 7:30 AM tomorrow.
What time are the hockey games tonight?
what day is the 22nd
Are there any updates in regard to the election?
play the rock radio station
I would like the recipe for baked chicken.
I Would ask it to play the beep sound continuously
Are you my friend?
Play the Beyonc playIist
i have a function at washington tomorrow, remind it
What is the exchange rate between the US and Canada?
you are awesome, thank you very much.
Initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
Get me 2 train tickets from where I am now to Dallas arriving before dark.
tell comment
Play me in Tic Tac Toe
Brighten the lights in the hallway
Remove books from list
What are the latest news?
Take me to emails from my boss.
do i need to wear some warm clothes today.
yeah wonderful response to the command.
PDA please search for events near me
olly will you please shut off.
olly that is all, just stop it.
How's the weather in the capital city?
Have I got any alarms set?
I LIKE A SONG SING BY ARIJIT SINGH.
please check and confirm what said.
play playlist number 7
What are the news notification.
yeap it's confirmed.
What happened yesterday on samurai jack.
Get recipe for apple pie.
Play dynamite by ACDC.
Turn on the wemo plug socket.
wouldn't mind for any one.
What is the name of the lead singer in this band?
Find me all music for classical music.
Play jingle bells
Please set alarm for
Show the to do list for today
Cortana, sound off.
Is there any reminder which is most urgent
Do you enjoy being a PDA?
Ok Google! bring up google calendar please add event for may 5th
Play music of Kate Perry without shuffle.
remember what i think about this song
i want to hear what said again.
could you please recommend a Mexican restaurant for take out?
Give me details of my twitter handle profile including the total number of followers.
oh no, it was not what i am looking for.
Make me a coffee
Use in a sentence.
What is the capitol of West Virginia?
Play Criket
Call a taxi for me
Did Danielle email me today?
play music from a given artist
appreciated, that is great job.
What restaurants around here have good reviews?
downloads management
What day of the week is the 25th?
do I have meetings today
show me my alarms i have set
I want to eat two pita gyros please! And some Diet Coke!
Add conference call at 4 pm to my reminders for today.
what is the weather today?
Is there any good Chinese takeout that's open late?
Google, what is the temperature outside?
s1, please further explain it.
that was cool,.
PDA name: kill the lights
What will be the size of a small panda
could you  calculate 5 + 5?
Please add an email to my contacts.
olly please would you just stop it.
Do I need to put a jacket on when I go outside?
How do I cook chicken Alfredo?
tell me it again.
play bhuli bisri yaadien program on 91.3 fm
What is the exchange rate with in 1 british pound.
Remove my alarm for tomorrow morning
Remove all the events from my whole calendar.
Put dinner with my sister on Saturday
Please make me some coffee
Get me a ticket to Boston.
Switch to X time zone
What is the geographic info of a pop singer Rahman
Cortana, if it's 8 PM on the east coast, what time is it in Sacramento, California?
What is the date of next Saturday?
Do I have any new emails from...?
When is my order arriving.
uh no.
What's the latest on the (specific topic)?
What is my ETA to the office if I leave in 30 minutes?
directions to the target on i-40
Please schedule a meeting with Brian Billings in accounting
shit, you have done a task all in wrong manner.
Tell me if anything important is happening on social media today.
go back to previous episode of podcast.
Find me the recipe for a cake
How do you define textual
What is the time difference between Eastern time and Pacific time?
could you say one more time please.
Are there any recent emails with thisome subject line
Tell me what time it is in Dallas, Texas.
Please cook me a hamburger.
Add mow lawn to things to do list
Where is Montana.
Write a message to Payoneer and tell them that my card isn't working.
PDA, send email to Cat that I will accept job offer
What is time now in California.
What are the traffic conditions on the 101?
Find jokes on the web
turn on surfin usa
Beam me up scotty
PDA, call mom.
change the house lights to pink
have no idea for what to do.
Does Bob live in France
Tell me about the current weather
Give me a geographic fact about...
aib podcast on kashmir,start it.
anything will be fine with me.
save opinion on song
Set me a reminder for the get-together with the women's club on Sunday after church.
Is there any problem for having junk food and drinks
REMIND THE REQURIED EVENTS TO BE RESET
Send report to consumer service
please remind me about the event later 5pm.
A new list to be created by 12noon tomorrow.
Tell me the last message
s2, your answer was not so clear to me.
Olly, find my food.
Best reviews, restaurant, south sacramento
Is there any new information regarding the Mexican-American border wall?
what is the weather next week
Define organism
Start cleaner
How many days are in this month?
do i have any emails from jo
Find information on today's stocks
no, you did not get the answer correctly.
PDA: I'm back PDA, any new emails since I left?
exchange rates between dollar and euro
olly please will you just cancel.
Have I gotten any emails in the last couple of days?
would you repeat please.
Please delete all meeting after 7 AM
Please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
Remove all scheduled TW meetings from the calendar please.
Change my house lights colour to blue
your words was not so clear to me.
I want sweet potato pie from a local bakery
Look up the definition of blunder.
Go backward 30 seconds.
Book for me a train ticket to New York
Please tell me how long do you think Trump will last.
Play every praise.
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
Is the answer of 5+2, 7?
reply to new email from joe
s1, could you please elaborate me on this further.
How is this weeks weather
keep reading
Please tell me whether there is a new mail from jay ?
next podcast play
Repeat Earth song
Book me a ride
Alexa, lower lights down
i did not get your words.
again explain me about your answers please.
find me train tickets
would you replay please.
Find easy recipe for corn bread
Lights to 50%
thank you very much.
Olly I need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
Only christian rock from 1990 upwards is to be selected and played
how is president's trump office proceeding?
What is the temperature?
What is the latest news from Syria?
Cortana, send me a notification an hour before my next calendar events.
list of famous biryani recipes
Do I have any meetings scheduled the weekend after next?
Olly what are good movies playing now?
Plan a meeting with John on 21 Mar at 11 AM
lets correct the sentences
I want to tweet to Folgers about bugs in my coffee.
Set Reminder to go workout at the gym every Friday at 8:00 am.
play a rai music
What appointments do I have today?
Check any mail from Amazon?
What is todays weather forcast?
train ticket please
Send an uber to me right now.
alexa who is bob dean?
Call Bill to reschedule our meeting
Olly please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
you didn't get it correctly.
Delete all events for tomorrow.
Any new emails after 5 pm?
show trains and time to Ny
yeah your understanding is exact.
Play music now, please.
Could you tell me the meaning of the word exorbitant
louder
I need to send an email to Bob
Closer by Nine Inch Nails
Do you expect sun on Sunday?
Turn on notification for all news on the stock market
Hey Olly, I met one of my old classmates today.
Who should I expect to be at the meeting today?
What size is a sperm whale?
4+5=9
what day is memorial day this year?
Where can I shop around here?
Hey, add dentist appointment on Tuesday 4pm
Are there train tickets available between Seattle and New York City
nope, i didn't say that.
you have gotten this incorrectly.
tell about the latest world news
order travel ticket
Check email for received from mom.
Please dim the lights
Can you put on The Giver?
Slow the volume speaker
i wouldn't really bother, olly.
yes you have got the answer correcly.
can you please check what last said.
Open TD Ameritrade
Olly, its Jim's birthday on 2nd March, mark it in your calendar.
What alarms are on right now?
Play my Morning playIst
What's the average price of a house in Michigan?
How many people were at the protest in Times Square, yesterday at Noon?
Siri, what time is it in Denver?
What's on tomorrow night?
i would like to hear the last utterance said again.
What is the weather going to be like today?
Find out if Eddie Richards has sent an email about the budget requests.
Show me share price of Tata.
uh no, i think incorrect command.
Do you think I can wear sandals or should I wear sneakers tonight at 7pm?
check all emails from XXX
Who is Taylor Swift?
that's good one, olly.
PDA please start an email to Jesse.
any free events in LA today?
Do you think today will be nice out?
Start playing my most recent podcast.
how many countries are north of alaska
Can you please tell me the time?
How hilly is it in Sacramento?
what song is playing
thank you for your help.
It is too bright in here, dim the lights.
Please book the 5pm train to Rockville.
I dont want to carry an umbrella, will we have rain today?
I need you to have the volume louder
Replace the current light colours in the house with dark ones.
produce a new register
detail of rajinikanth
Select the next episode in the podcast please.
can you please clarify me more on your answers.
Open train routes
how much is admission to the local museum
Remind me I need to be at the library a week from today at five.
how to make a burger
i think you've done a task in wrong manner.
Open Pandora and play Hoizer radio.
replay it please.
yeah you've understood my instructions right.
i want you check the last thing said please.
what new movies available today?
Please note I like jazz and hate disco
Play my video game news podcast starting where I left off.
that is cool, thank you.
read abut the latest new about this world
yeap that is confirmed.
dollar rate at present?
that does not matter for me.
what is the weather near me this week
what will the weather be on friday
whats on my agenda for the time being
through mobile phones
Please show me today's date?
lets hear some groovy tunes
can you say it one more time again please.
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
Can you direct me to the menu for the highest-rated Chinese carryout near me?
what is the latest news
what are my top played podcasts
Please, turn off the lights
Design the chemical compounds necesary to create sugar that doesn't cause diabetes or weight gain, but doesn't provide a chemcial taste.
What events are going in my town this week
Please increase the light.
Breaking news Fox News
Save chhana mereya song in my playlist
Olly, what's the weather right now?
Send a complaint to Sony about this TV that quit working.
Could you tell me what today's date is?
Tune into this radio station
Show me the exchange rate between czk and dollar
Is Chase doing good?
Is it worth driving 10 miles from here to save money on gas?
Start irobot
Reduce the brightness.
Have I gotten any emails from Amazon in the last two days?
Delete an first event of 22/03/2017
Should I take an umbrella with me tonight?
Complain to Target about how I was treated in the store.
is there any grocery nearby?
Post the following status to Facebook.
send email to daughter
you should not have done that.
Please let me know tomorrow's weather in New York
Resume play where I left off in book on Audible.
any one will be fine.
that's awesome, thank you very much.
please would you check that.
Turn on some NPR and play them out of my speakers.
Can you play tic tac toe?
could you please again clarify your answer to me.
yes fantastic.
how about a game of snakes and ladders?
Can you tell me what 25 percent of 2100 is?
Set a reminder for two days prior of the event
olly, play next recording
i would like PDA to solve maths issues
mute audio
Olly recommend a wine tasting event this Weekend in Chicago.
Olly, launch Pandora and play 'thumbprint radio'
Find me a joke related to baseball.
Have I got any reminders in my calendar?
In another city what time is it?
excellent response to the command.
yes you have done answer exactly.
Show me a spaghetti recipe
Remind me about meeting at 8am to 12pm
Play all songs on shuffle
Check my last post on Instagram
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE WEATHER PREDICATION FOR THIS WEEK.
Turn on the Wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
Resume jaiho song audiobook
Send email to husband to ask for restaurant ideas
Bruce lee
Play current episode.
check last thing i said please.
what is the highest temperature of delhi
again rephrase what you just said now please.
what is the history of smart phones
seems like the response was not correct.
What is the status on my latest order?
I enjoy 80's music.
How will be today for me
Olly, can you play Hunt for red october?
Name off all the lists I own.
can you show me the last breaking news form WSJ?
Do I have any events scheduled today?
headlines from Dhaka tribune
reduce brightness
Next one
book the the next train ticket to Chennai
Who am I meeting at work tomorrow?
How cold is it outside today
Please tell me what time it is in Denver?
i wouldn't really mind for whatever, olly.
olly i would like you just cancel it.
Please remove the list.
Activate robot cleaner in an hour
which restaurant is there in shivaji nagar
From now on mute
Add to my calendar daily call at 5pm
open twitter
Whats the latest from the business and economics sector
Olly I want blue lighting
remind me on 5th april there is a meeting with boss
what's 50kg in lbs?
awesome job, you did well.
i would talk to you later on.
How smooth is marble floor?
play song __
I would like to hear jazz music.
list all events and delete
Olly can you remind me about the gym class in 2 hrs
seems like olly's command was wrong.
Tell me about...
the command is not correct.
that is all, just stop it.
Siri, find train tickets
you got it correcly.
i am sorry but i think you messed up.
Please put me your input to know my schedule
how many of my contacts live or work in Detroit?
Where can I get a shot of tequila and some to-go Mexican food?
did you get the command correctly?
Do i have any get-togethers this week?
Tell me some joke.
Send a funny message to all of my friends
What day of the week is 25th
Can you recommend some dog show events going on in our city?
Can you add this event with Joey?
Did I get any email during the last hour?
Check inbox for jack
s1, please further explain me about the last sentence.
Play my dance music playlist
Add dinner plans to my calendar
Discontinue use of lights.
Tune in to 89.7 FM
I need to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
Play Creed from my rock playlist.
i am sorry but got this wrong.
show new emails from katey
olly please stop.
What's going on
Resume play on my most recent audiobook selection.
delete the vacation things to do list
i'd like you check and confirm detail please.
Anything interesting happening next Friday?
olly can you shut off please.
Show me today train time of kalka at Jodhpur.
Remove the heading of the list
Add email address iamironman@gmail.com
Add paper towels to the grocery list.
you did perfect job, thank you so much.
What does speaker mean?
Remind me about my next meeting with joe one hour before
thanks for your answers.
Today I... (user begins speaking about day, this is logged by PDA)
PDA please add new item to list
please shut up.
uhh no, i did not say that.
explain further please.
set roatating event
could you please confirm the details.
that's enough, just cancel it.
list emails for last hour
every light of room increase its intensity
play the book which i heard on some particular day.
replay what i've just said please.
it's useful, thank you very much.
Can you play me some Skramz
Start a new (grocery, task, shopping) list.
Delete all details of my calendar
yes I want to check
Alexa, tell me keywords about Usain Bolt?
Clear the entire month of May
that is enough, cancel it.
PDA, Geography Please?
Can you find out the latest world news from yesterday?
we should play nfs at high speed
Clear my next event
i was not clear about your answer.
please correct the command.
search calendar and set meeting on January  25
i'd like to hear what you have said again.
Please open my music application and play Games by Disturbed
please set the lighting suitable for reading
Order me some chipotle
Turn on the light'socket
What is it like outside?
s1, please explain me on your answer once again.
comfortably adjust sound
Play for me Rock music
Has John sent me a reply via email yet?
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
you helped a lot, thank you so much, olly.
Please check my emails for me.
Can you see if John has replied to my email yet?
current
could you please explain again to me.
Where is baseball practice happening tomorrow?
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
can you shut up please.
sorry but i think it's not the correct command.
What does obsessed mean?
schedule
i was unclear about what you have just said.
Show me the available colours of lights
what time is it in Sweden as we speak?
set up an alarm clock at 1pm
Open calendar schedule event, meeting
change the time in this location to IST
Could you please lower your volume?
Find songs from my Big Band playlist.
PLEASE TWEET FOR ME ABOUT THE BAD SERVICE RENDED BY THE TAJ RESTURANT.
please give me detail 1 $ = Rs
please correct your mistakes.
Add my car payment on the 12th in my calendar.
Is Bills cell phone number in my contacts?
s1, please elaborate again to me.
euro usd?
Repeat this list in random order
play next on podcast.
that was wonderful work, musch appreciated.
Set schedule for <time/date>, <name> at <location>
please remind me at 5pm today that i have an event at 8 am in the morning
Olly, open Pandora and play 'workout'
can you check what i said please.
Check for emails from my teacher
is it ok to lower tge lights
Describe what a poltergeist is
Start the most recent episode of my true crime podcast.
You can set schedules for your devices and control them remotely using a mobile internet connection
AN OBJECT IS AN INVISIBLE
What are the next three alarms set to go off?
Next play selected song
Tell me what is my to-do list for today.
anything is ok with me.
i would not really mind for anything.
What time is the evening meeting I have with John.
whatever would be ok to me.
PDA please define this
switch on the vaccum cleaner
can you please check the last thing i said.
How much are train tickets to Vegas?
What color is a basketball?
Mute sound from speakers.
what are my to dos?
PDA please cancel my next hair cut.
I need to something every monday set a reminder for it
update me on stock price of this company stock
What is the population of the world
How much does Jennifer Aniston make?
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
Olly, tweet a message to At&t and tell them my service is bad.
Should I carry an umbrella with me today?
PDA, Look up...
PDA please check my email for me.
PDA, Play the radio station Rock 108
remove the party event from  the calander
please will you just stop.
What's the weather like?
set repeating reminder for every sunday
Can you change the light colors into dark in the house?
Please start my podcast.
Play rooster teeth pod cast
yeah right response.
Turn on the radio.
can not get what you have just said.
list all train time to Ny
make that song play next up
i would like you to check the detail please.
remind me to eat when i get home
what is the deepest point on earth?
Olly, where's the closest zoo to where I'm at?
Please give me update of Hockey
tune into the nearest English fm station
deactivate smart plug socket
Olly, turn the lights off in the bedroom
Turn to station 102.7, Ally.
Open me a new list.
will i need sunblock this afternoon
remind me about tomorrows lunch meeting at 1
Can you play 24K Magic by Bruno Mars?
I emailed Conrad a week ago plesase remind me what I wrote
macy's forgot to ship 2 of my items. Inform them.
Skip to the next episode.
How Many food items on the list
start cleaning
turn on the roomba for me
will you please check and confirm the detail.
Where is a theatre in my area?
Play only songs by the Beatles, please.
get command perfectly.
Siri, what is the definition of ziggurat?
you rock, i appreciate it.
PDA I love hip-hop
Please add dinner with Mary to my calendar on Saturday.
start play johns audiobook
you are hero, thanks.
how long is this?
is it going to be sunny next week on Tuesday?
resume recent audiobook
Replace the furniture with electronics on the list.
s1, again rephrase your answer to me please.
PDA tell me how to create a Will.
Do I have a home number for Shelly?
good job, you've done well.
send an email to dad how is the weather this week?
that was right.
Please trun off Middle light of room.
Keep me updated on this
add a lunch with mike
oh no, you've done the task wrong.
i would like you to check what last said please.
what is the xxx
Check the latest news
yes you've understood that right.
Will it rain tomorrow?
Please tune the radio channel
Switch off the wemo plug
please could you tell me again.
check and confirm the last thing i said please.
What does (insert) mean ?
Am I going to have to worry about the snowplows burying my car in the driveway Tuesday?
Can you turn off kitchen light for me
Open calendar.  Set event.
could you check the question please.
PDA, I want the lights turned off
one more time again please.
Hey Olly, what time is it in Ocho Rios, Jamaica?
confirm the order and send me the confirmation
Give me some cafes near downtown Fort Lauderdale.
answer was right.
Angelina Jolie spouses
Olly, i want to play some video games
tell me billy crytals address PDA.
How old is Chuck Norris?
few traffic roads
play bluegrass music
Please change the house lights to blue
Is the time currently correct for where I am located?
What is the current weather in Denver.
What is the size of the United States?
Do I have anything scheduled tomorrow from noon to 3:00 PM?
hey reply a mail which i received
Is today March 6th?
Today's weather is awesome .
any good fast food items.
Stop after current song.
Music on PDA.
Do I have alarms set for today?
can I wear sandals
Give me updates on the situation in France
nope, that is not what i asked.
Tell me the funniest joke that was ever told.
play podcast episode new
Delete lunch tommorrpw
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of recipe?
i was not clear about what you have said.
show sock value of goog
I want to reply to this email.
would not really mind, olly.
5:00
Open the playlist
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
s2, i was not clear about it.
display current time
Classice pasta recipes
Reply to Robert's email of today morning.
Alexa, where is Australia located?
that's cool, appreciated, olly.
any death news in times of india.
hey olly, do i have any new emails?
What was the temperature in Newyork this morning
Can you please turn up the lights
Do they deliver?
Resume audiobook playback
What is the best movie to watch this weekend.
Olly, read me the weather forcast for this week.
What is the weight of an elephant?
not, that is not correct, please try again.
book a train ticket for me
what is the exchange rate with  1 US dollar.
how is the exchange rate for Microsoft?
Please keepo everything I have on this song.
I would like to hear the theme song to This is Us
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
Hey Siri, play me an automated playlist based on songs heard in Gaana app this week.
Put that on Facebook.
please could you confirm instruction.
computer(item name) should be removed from the list
i don't really mind.
turn up media volume
you have got the answer exactly.
Read out my list for today.
again rephrase to me please.
which alarms do I have
Space research
Do I have free time next Tuesday to schedule a meeting?
hey PDA, make sure I go to sarahs birthday party on the 12th.
What time is it in Central time zone?
show me reminders on tomorrow
i like you stop it.
Show me the current traffic nearby me
Open media play jingle bells
Play scrabble with me
yes amazing response to command.
please turn off all the lights in the house
Do I have any music by Lady Antebellum?
How is my inbox looking at the moment?
is there any traffic right now
Creat a list
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
mahaboobsayyad@gmail.com
Olly make me a cup of coffee
Please update me with the list of events happening in my area
audio on
PDA, What alarms do you have set?
reminders for doctor visit
repeat it please.
I want to listen to today's hits
Play for me the music by Michael Jackson
Please remind me to call mom in half an hour
Tell me my options for a train to LA next Wednesday or Thursday.
play scabble with me
is there any alarm after 5 am
Alexa, please turn down the lights to 50 percent in the den.
set meeting for january 25
Do I need to wear a coat tomorrow when I leave for work?
Do I have the reply from Charlotte relating to yesterdays enquiry?
what is the square of 4
Do i need  a jacket in the evening
will it snow this month ?
Give me Charles telephone number.
I challenge you to a game
can you speak one more time again please.
Remove frida from contacts
Please tell me who is going to win the NBA championsip
PLZ, SOLVE THIS MATH.
i am unclear about your words.
calendar
Yes, I want to know latest news updates.
How long do you cook a fifteen pound turkey?
make alarm reminder for calendar
save that email as a new contact
What are the jobs to be done today ?
Please tell me the latest news
you helped a lot, thank you so much.
Play some blues by Atif Aslam
Shazam this music
olly i will talk to you later on.
tell me that one more again please.
Replay my last played podcast.
Confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
i want you to confirm the detail please.
you've done a task wrong.
Start playing Flappy Bird.
It's my mother's birthday today Olly, send me a notification every year on this date.
Lower brightness of lights.
Please add smith.joe@email.com to the contact information for Joe Smith.
got it perfectly.
What volcanoes are currently active?
erase
I am in bad mood, tell me a joke
do I have anywhere to be between 8am and 5pm today
Please remind me of
is there any special in politic
you didn't understand what i wanted.
turn of speaker
Order a double bacon cheeseburger with bacon an white american cheese.
can you repeat.
Show me tomorrow weather of mumbai
nope wrong.
Select and play only christian rock from 1990 upwards.
Play Radiomango
Turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my Dongle
make this my favorite
Please paly for me Elvis Preley song again
I just love Adele! Please play my most played songs of her after this track!
What dairy product contains several nutrients?
I'd like a coffee now
shoot an email to chris about work tomorrow
softer
Olly I would like to know about Jane's party.
where to buy a train ticket
Have I received any emails in the past 2 hours
alexa What are AMD stock prices
What unread emails do I have?
Should I wear layers sometime today?
PDA, Play the radio station 101.9
PDA, send that email to James, please.
how long I can go to XXX
What is the weather condition in NY?
I want to listen to MC's podcast.
Wake me up at 5 Am every morning
it's cool, thank you so much.
when Indianapolis Express will reach Indiana.
could you explain me about your answer again.
Find me some celebrities that are capricorns.
Send tweet via message to cardinal cafe and tell them their customer service is outstanding
What year did George Clooney start acting?
i would like to hear the last one again.
Give me the definition for animal
PDA are sunglasses a good choice for today
Olly do I have any emails from Robert
new to list
s1, please explain further on your words to me.
radio stations
check currencies
Remove next meeting today in my calendar.
What news articles were on CNN today?
Play for me the album by The Beatles on television
Olly, trending hot news topics.
Take away all events.
it is not going to rain, is it?
radio channels
my health planning
What's going on outside?
PDA, what's the name of this song?
Do i need a sweater today
Send a sorry for your loss email to Pat.
start a miley cyrus station
can you once again clarify me on your words please.
Is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
i'd like you check my last instruction please.
you have done that right musch appreciated, olly.
could you please confirm what i just said.
give me the list of circus shows going on in the city right now
What time is it in Moscow now?
Describe a workhouse for me.
tell me the current dollar ratio for the US and Canada
Will it be sunny?
Traffic congestion issues.
do not really care.
Please dim the lights in the bedroom.
Can you delete the not so important events?
Tell me CNN's latest headlines.
Best paid jobs in digital marketing in my area
Who is currently singing?
olly just cancel please.
Tell me about Narendra Modi.
Add bread to my grocery list
Weather in Miami
radio 95.5
down the speaker volume at the end of level
who is going to the party?
start drama from radio
What was the weather for the week
i will need a scalf in  afternoon to overcome sunlight
yes you've gotten my instructions correcly.
Access Coffee Maker, Begin Process.
please elaborate me about the last sentence further.
What's happening in my town?
search on his interests
English test form email from Marcia
show latest email
Transit
Lesson the speaker volume
Let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please.
Time now in New York.
During the daytime all lights has to be turned off.
it's cool, thank you, olly.
start the next episode
Olly, fetch me two train tickets for the earliest train to Paris.
Please give me detail of 100 yen = $
Play the program where I left off yesterday.
What new movies are good?
you have done the command right.
it's excellent job, thank you very much.
What does oscillate mean?
song info
that wasn't what i expected.
i think you did task wrong.
Please check the trending topics on Twitter.
Has (sender) got in touch ?
that is not the right location.
Launch game
song identifier
yeap you've understood it correcly.
when is the party scheduled
get more information on geographic information about this place
Please add oranges to my grocery list.
Can you describe what she was wearing in that movie.
not correct.
select station you want
Open Pandora, play Rock Station
What is Apple's stock
Is there anything new in my gmail?
can you check that please.
Listen to this song.
Please put this photo on my Instagram.
Play the last radio channel.
Fetch me the phone number of  Alexander.
Send an email to peter that where he is now and if he is at the market text him to bring some wine.
Tweet a complaint to Amazon about delayed shipment
lights at percent
Tell me about the alarm timings.
kenny roger's lady play
please explain me more on your answers.
Play some rock music
chatbot
Set first week of June as holiday in my calendar
is it gonna be cloudy
How much would it cost to buy stock in Apple?
Will I need my snow boots this afternoon?
Olly clear everything off my calendar for the rest of the year.
COULD PLAY PROGRAM IN REQURIED OF THE
remind me when certain Marvel shows return to Netflix
Play my Roxy Music playlist.
Open email to new person, please.
I wish to know the weather in SF?
what is jeff's number
Who have emailed me recently and what are the subjects of each email?
Cancel appointment for 3rd of April
PDA name: give me my latest email
resume last playlist
Do you know any good jokes?
yeah right response to the command.
I would like to order some takout
save appointment to list
wooo!
s1, could you please again rephrase me about what you said now.
how tall is Mel Gibson
PDA, Set an 8:00 AM alarm for next Tuesday.
pls reducw the sound
What groups are listed in my contacts?
remove milk from my grocery list
I would like to listen to this mornings Mike and Mike podcast.
what does source have to say about topic
When did Mt. St. Helens last erupt?
uh no, i think you've done the task wrong.
#NAME?
PDA, how is the news media reacting to Trump's potential ties with Russia?
bbc
hmm, i think you have done task all in wrong manner.
dammit, i didn't ask for that.
would you clarify me on your answer further please.
MAKE A NOTE THAT I NEED TO CALL JANE LATER
What time is it in the eastern half of the US right now.
Olly, what movies are playing tonight at 9 pm at the AMC 9?
Is Michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant?
Subtract 60 from 244
is it wednesday
plan for tomorrow
you rock, i appreciate it, olly.
whatever is good to me.
repurchase last train ticket to philly <unk>
Give me all my lists.
please show me weather on monday
THIS PRODUCT NEVER USE
What is the time in Austrailia right now?
get the workout playlist and play it
yes you have gotten your understanding perfectly.
all metings between 10th and 13th May
thankama
s1, would you please once again rephrase to me.
how can I go from Boston to New york by train?
you understood it wrongly.
How much is an euro worth?
Please make some coffee for me.
PDA please check this companies stock
Olly, schedule my doctors appointment on friday at 2 PM.
please check the command.
Turn up the lights in here, please.
how many minutes do I need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go?
Can you send an email to Chelsea please
Turn off bedroom lights in 10 seconds.
let me know as soon as there is more news on _____
I would like to know the route the train will go to get to Miami
I need to know how to make stuffed peppers
s2, last sentence was not clear.
Remind me to meet Dad for coffee at 10 am.
what is the name of the singer?
I need an email sent to the following email address <insert address here> can you do that for me please?
Show me my playlist
Please male the smart socket turn off
What's the rate between the USD and Ukraine's currency.
What's on my grocery list?
How many minutes pass 4 pm?
PDA, tell me all known details about the tournament on March 22.
I need to get up at 7:00 am.
latest party events in city
Hey olly play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
Ok Google, play FMOD
can you get me news from NY Times?
Play the oldies station
no, that's not what i wanted.
locate my podcast
this is unimportant with me, olly.
Jonathan wants to meet up Sundays at eleven. Can you remind me Saturday night every week?
Hello PDA, Beef up the volume little bit
Do not make any noise until morning alarm.
olly that's all, stop it.
olly that's enough, cancel it.
I would like to listen to Pop music please
it's good, thank you.
play (radio station) on (radio app)
Is anything different today about blank
Erase all events from my calendar
use email to let chris know i will be late
Turn off the lights in the living room.
play a retro song in my playlist.
command wrong.
Book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may 2 for stored passenger list
How long should I cook chicken for?
What day o the week is 21st
Tweet Insight Cable's customer service and tell them I have been waiting on hold for 30 minutes.
wonderful work, you did well.
I have my lists, right? What are they?
Search for emails from my boss, Michael
Time in Chicago
what else is missing in the diary?
oh no, you did not get me.
What is scheduled for today?
turn down media volume
Calculate the resistance of this resistor.
choose calender
you have got my instructions right.
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
Play <song name>
Start a casual conversation
Did I get any new emails?
write an email to john (body)
s2, i was unclear about this.
Make a grocery list, please.
Please send a business email about the time of the meeting change to Lauren.
Tell me what happened today from 8am to 9am.
Please send email to Liz
Can I get Delilah on  the radio in the bedroom?
How much money will I make for the week if I make $8.00 per hour and work 20 hours?
How old is christie brinkley?
What time does the first metrolink arrive in the morning?
What is the difference between bake and broil?
will you check detail please.
email my mom
tuesday lunch meeting
not correct command.
how many EUROs for 100 USD?
Check e-mail client
What do you do with my personal data?
Turn the vibrate off from speaker
wait, i think you have got it incorrect.
i would like to start this new audiobook
Order a pizza with sausage from Domino's
I have a meeting at noon today
Reply to Mark's email.
play lady by kenny rogers
Play a selection of Classical Music.
Give me a biography of Donald Trump
inform motorola via tweet that their phones suck and my moto G five is not working properly
Lets play poker.
olly make the lights blue please
this isn't what i am searching for.
you've done that right i appreciate it, olly.
What time do the trains depart to Atlanta.
I would like to hear bohemian raphsody
beach
it isn't what i was searching for.
What does serendipitous mean?
let's try it again.
play first song on next album
There is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
Move to the next song in the list.
update work out list with new items
COULD YOU PLEASE CANCEL MY TRAIN TICKET.
you have done that right i appreciate it.
Could you please check the weather in Kansas
put that song in my favourite list
Amazon still has my phone connected to someone else's account
thank you so much for the information.
.... USD is equal to ....currency
play rehab song
upcoming events on list
Play NPR on the car radio.
confirm what last said.
i was unclear about last sentence.
that is wonderful, appreciated.
play silent song
PDA: Make the room light blue
Olly, is it still going to be windy on thursday?
would you do it again please.
explain further.
turn on the smart plug
nope, i think you had it not correct.
Add 'event' to my calendar
What is the address of Tara john?
i'd like you to confirm my last instruction please.
When is bank holiday?
How many meetings did Mahatma Gandhi undertake
that's cool, thank you very much.
Is my calendar empty?
Please turn the music volume up.
How many work contacts are in my phone book?
Delete scheduled alarm
I have a complaint.
Prepare a reply email to Mark.
is there show on my list.
buy a train ticket
AN GRAPHICAL IMAGES EFFECTS TO BE REQURIED
Where was Brittany Spears born?
set a meeting with Allen on tomorrow
How do I cook Meatballs?
Set a calendar event to repeat yearly/weekly/monthly on this date
twitter
IS there any unread emails from my contacts
appreciate your response.
I need a ride to the airport
set list
any one will be good with me.
att
play any pop fm channel
What percent of my money did I spend at the mall today?
What is the weather like tomorrow?
Will you please play the next episode of podcast.
What is my first appointment today?
Skip to the next podcast
The event ... will include ... and ...
Did Ashwin joined party yesterday?
you are the best, thank you very much.
JAZZ could be choice for me
Add Paav Bhaji in Menu card
Get rid of my wake up alarm set for Saturday.
What is the time in Canada now ?
the song in background is cool
Please list reminders coming up soon.
remind me at 6:30 pm
Is there any traffic?
send reply to joe
Who many teaspoons are in a cup?
What is 20 % of 120?
Angelina has a birthday when?
i need a reminder for Friday's meeting.
Book me a Uber for tomorrow night at 6 pm.
Dim the lights please.
tell next day's event
What is the departure time for the next train leaving New York City?
In the past  2 hours have I gotten any new emails
How far is Orlando from my house?
05.02.2017
start the smart plug
Send a complaint to (insert here)
Tell me if I can travel the whole world in a day
explain this again to me please.
Remove a list of food items purchased last week.
Does LeChateau have delivery service or only takeway?
head lines today from news
What alarms do I have set for Thursday?
Can we talk about good whisky?
would not really mind for whatever.
history of person
add in an event
yeah correcly.
I would like to hear Aretha Franklin's Call Me after this song.
Change channel to
remind me about calendar
Is there any event close by
How many times do I eat out every month?
Please make me updated about today's scenario.
i need to hear the last phrase said again.
Have I gotten any new email?
How big is the Grand Canyon?
confirm what i just said.
Why has politics become so polarized recently?
what the fuck please do this.
What are the lyrics to the song I will always love you, by Dolly Parton?
Tell me the latest news about Donald Trump?
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar?
How much time do I have left until the pta meeting?
Email to Caroline: How are you? Can you send me updates on last project. Cheers Tomasz
Available meetings in March are what?
thank you so much for your asssistance.
that does not matter with me.
PDA: Any e-mail in the last hour?
PDA, give me some Bowie.
what is 24 times 24
Eliminate the list KICKBALL, but make sure the contacts remain.
How often are you updated?
Show me the list of missed events.
Robot, vacuum the hallway now
would you please shut off.
alexa is the largest ocean in the world the pacific?
nope, i didn't say this.
Meet with Joe tomorrow at 3
please elaborate further on that to me.
display list of recent emails
Has the governor enacted the new crime bill yet?
set a meeting on the 20th oct 10:30 am
create event 'christmas' on Dec-25-2017 and set it to a repeating reminder
Is it sunny outside at this moment?
Show me nearby musical events
was christmas 1972 on a weekend?
play a rock.
uh no, i think you made mistake, please modify it.
what is the commute time to the theater
Please check my playlists for jazz music
Learn to cut potatoes correctly
Set this event on repeat on the calendar for the same day of the week this month.
can you confirm the question please.
Please make me a coffee.
change my alarm
What kinds of sunglasses are considered aviators?
what is the plan for a day
What time is it in Las vegas
Where is Trump from
did you get it correctly?
prompt me about TV programm at 16:15 on Thursday at BBC four
Do I have a doctor's appointment in my calendar?
I want to hear Snow by Red Hot Chili Peppers
Mute yourself until 5pm.
say it once again please.
Let's play (specific song/genera/ station)
Tell me something to remind this week
Tell me a joke about dogs.
R&B music
thanks but that is not the right answer.
Enter a reminder in my calendar for 3pm meeting tomorrow.
what is the weather in home town
Please send the new intern an email.
Please mute my speaker.
Turn the lamp off
abolish a specific calender event
Any breaking news from The Huffington Post?
i am sorry but you have gotten me incorrectly.
PDA: Would you start my evening playlist
what is level of traffic at washington
PDA What's Jesse's Address?
what's the forecast for this week
what's my favorite music at the moment?
define
Lower the volume on the speakers.
turn room light off
is the pound up or down against the dollar?
Start my folk song list right after this song
I hate this song, do not play it again
are there unread emails in my inbox?
What date is the third Friday of this month?
Add detergent to the list of things I need to buy.
What is Mom's email address?
What is planned today?
Get us spaghetti from Pizza Hut.
Please tune in to 97.5 FM
i am sorry but i think you are wrong.
tweet complaint to amazon products
i want to order a pizza from Michael'S PIZZA
meeting this monday
I want to change the color of the lights
Add this song to favorites playlist.
Set up recurring date on my calendar
reply to Dad, write 'I will be late'
that does not really matter, olly.
j
Please activate my coffee pot for me
play papa pear saga
Clock time
Hey google, I hit a million dollar lottery jackpot
Reply to the email from my bank and inform them that I have paid the credit card dues.
repeat what you've said.
Go to last episode of Her Story.
Olly, when does the closest bar close?
sorry i did not mean to say that.
Re-add eggs to the list
can you again clarify what you've said please.
s1, would you again clarify me on it please.
Tell my facebook group that I've arrived.
s2, i was unclear about that.
you do not understand what i just said.
Have I gotten any emails lately
it's cool, musch appreciated, olly.
Do you have any news from News provides
convert 10:30 from GMT +2:30 to GMT 0:00
Tune 91.1 Suriyan FM on
Compile information on the data breach
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
you've done it right appreciated.
train wreck
Turn off the fan08
PDA: Whats going to be the forecast tomorrow for Outer Nowhereville?
get news about new foreign policy
i have a meeting with Sean at 4PM on Wednesday, can you remind me?
When is the next Lakers game?
Could you please display the videos for cooking Italian food.
i want you to confirm detail please.
how is the day today
Current time and date please
call to the customer care
The email reply should state
Is there any events planned for the next 3 months?
Delete meeting schduled with John on 21 March
How long is the Nile river?
Add Ashley to the wedding invite list.
open calendar
What ingredients are needed for making biriyani
does restaurant has home delivery
smsayyad1985@outlook.com
How is the weather likely to be this week?
the answer is confirmed.
stock price for sprint
How many records did Prince make?
When did Prince Die?
olly that is all, stop.
what is my most played podcast
Nanotechnology
remove all alarms if any
What year did this song come out?
Play Hip Hop Songs
would you speak it once more please.
Is my schedule free today?
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
Please find events in the month of March
explain in brief about fish fry
Send this song to my favorites
What temperature is it safe to eat pork?
thank you for that information.
Forget this list
please replay your last statement.
wanna netflix and chill?
what is the latest email from xxx
Please let me know today's date.
Am I scheduled to meet Fred in my calendar?
Should I wear boots today?
Hi There, Do you offer home delivery for orders?
on amazon tweeter handler tweet a complain about quality of my jeans
Send Ashmit his latest tech topics available.
how is the weather of this place
PDA tell me how to stretch before running.
what time zone is this city in
it was good one, thank you very much.
stock
Don't respond for 50 seconds
I need the volume to be (louder/quieter)
Remind me an hour ahead of 4pm that the happy hour for marlows on colonial is from 5-6
i am sorry but it's not the right command.
How many Oceans are there in the world?
watch out my new mails on inbox
What is the current time?
How many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood?
May I know what is trending in twitter?
i'm thinking of a number 1-10
play next song on track
Olly, book me a train ticket to New York City on the 3rd. I don't care what time.
add this new email with contact
Who am I supposed to go to lunch with today?
quality of sound check
set a alarm for the day
tell me the lateest rending news of this week
What are the latest tweets from the new york times
what are my engagements today?
Set reminder for 2pm about my meeting.
please confirm detail.
What is the current song called?
Please give me todays forecast for New York City.
PDA: I want to reply to Bob Smith's email
I want to hear my favorite song
What's the current time in Eastern Standard?
update alarm
Is there anything happening nearby?
Save my song preferences on playlist
Hey PDA, Did i get any new emails?
good work, you've done well.
yes affirmative.
Say a joke
Turn to billybob show.
What is a trebuchet?
Person name info
tell me the time in someplace
Notify me when Joshua emails me
i am not so clear about what you have said.
Please give me the date today?
Who was the chief guest of the event?
PLEASE SLOW DOWN VOLUME OF SPEAKER.
Delete the list created yesteday
brighten the light of hall
Please recommend a movie
Hey Olly, send a meeting invite to Mr. Ross for this Friday's meeting and block my calendar for Friday afternoon.
will you please check and confirm my last instruction.
is it gonna rain
remove john's birthday from the calender
Which time zone are we in? Please change to current
get the command right.
Dim the overhead lights a tad.
Play the latest Seahawks Podcast.
can you further explain me on it please.
What are the trains i could board tonight to head to XXX this evening?
Hey PDA, order me some take out from Jason's Deli
Create an alarm for 5 pm.
podcast play
Where is the south pole?
Play a podcast about dogs.
yeah you've done that exactly.
Olly, open the uber app and get me a car, please.
Turn this room's light off
can you elaborate that further please.
What day this year has the longest daylight time
remind me about the meeting with dentist on  the twenty third of May
fantastic work, you've done well, olly.
Que song Let it Burn
Should I dress in layers today?
uhh no, you gave me wrong information.
At 7am tomorrow morning ring the alarm
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
Play Body by Thao Nguyen
is there any new mail for me
lower the intensity of light
What is the US dollar to Euro exchange rate?
I need to wake up. Make me the strongest coffee you can make.
Do I work on the 24th?
PDA, send an email to Stan Francis
wouldn't really bother.
When is my takeaway arriving?
i'd like to hear the last utterance spoken again.
the news from cbs alexa
What time is it in Honolulu?
include meeting in the list
Remove all the events and schedules.
i am sorry but that is not the right answer.
How late am i?
get answer right.
What hiking trail in the Smoky Mountains would be the best in terms of the nicest waterfall to see?
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
This is a tweet for Comcast: If I have my internet and phone service from you and it goes out, how can I contact you?
Can you really see Russia from Alaska?
Delete the last line.
first play tvf podcast after that being humorous podcast
confirmed.
PDA can you create a list for me.
Play podcast for the Philadelphia Eagles content
Let me know the recipe for preparing Pasta
that's fantastic job, thank you so much, olly.
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
I want the exact definition of school
Remove meeting reminder for tuesday
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
I am no longer going to Wyatts birthday party
Olly, how much is a stock of Apple worth?
What is an organism?
What area has at least a thousand miles of open desert?
erase the lawn care appointment next month
Please reduce the speaker volume
Do I have any reminders pending?
chear me up.
Open twitter.  Compose new tweet:  DirecTv has horrible customer service
Does Louie's do take out
Play me the new podcast from NPR.
Play the song I listen to the most
What are my lists
strongly agree.
Delete my next meeting
news from CNN
Tell company their service is bad
PDA, remove that item from my list.
jjj_india@yahoo.com
Can you please stop speaking
What film should I watch
Find some smooth Jazz for me.
Olly, turn on Flappy Bird.
want to play a game?
Please run <insert vacuum name>
where are the rockies located?
Do I have anything scheduled today between 3 and 4pm?
can you say once more please.
I think Dean Obidallah is on the radio around now?
Please place my new email address to the contact.
PLEASE TELL ME   A SHOP WHERE I CAN FIND BOOKS TO BUY.
Gather all my songs from Madonna
Find events near by
what did you mean.
that is cool, thanks.
add birthday to every year
please let's try it one more time again.
I need a plane ticket
add event to calendar and repeat
i think it was not the correct command.
Turn the lights off in the living room.
What are the stock prices of Target?
Remind me to call my daughter first thing on Thursday to wish her happy anniversary.
Schedule lunch at Tomo in Arcata, California tomorrow at noon.
Show grocery list
write and send email to friend Cindy
What's the date tomorrow?
what is my location?
Please put Mary's birthday party on the 22nd at 7:00 pm.
Ask for the weather today morning
Play mindsweeper with me.
Can I order take out food at this time?
Did I recieve any emails from Tori?
Play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one.
Delete upcoming event
Can you cook something special for me and my wife?
WHAT IS THE LATEST MODEL OF BMW CAR?
mcdo direction?
Chane light colour to green
What events do I have for tomorrow?
What's my to-do list for today?
What is in a curry?
Please save the remarks I have on this current song.
How is the traffic situation in Houston street?
When is the party this weekend?
Set up a date for just you and me!
Can u tell me a latest news
What is the dress code for (event)?
Clear event from calendar and refresh.
Is my alarm set?
Confirm whether the color is blue
you are my hero, thank you.
you helped a lot, thank you very much, olly.
Get me the time in London now.
Please reply to my boss' most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum.
you've done it right thank you very much.
got command right.
increase brightness by 20 percent
By calling my friends
What is garam masala?
will you check and confirm instruction please.
what the euro to dollar exchange rate today
i appreciate your response.
Olly, I want to hear a station that plays R&B.
When does my train leave?
Please play Hallowed be thy name
friday forecast
what's the latest on stock market?
switch off the master's bedroom
Play love songs radio on Pandora.
set reminder at
Has Sally Fields ever won an Academy Award?
If I have $500 how many yen would that be?
Is that song from shakira
Show me news about Trump
tell me what is next on my query
latest news on terrorism
Give me the best pizza deals offered today.
how does an elephant looks like?
Look up Jim's email and reply that I don't know.
do i need to carry an umbrella today.
can locate some gospel music
yeah confirmed.
Remind me 30 minutes early that I have a teleconference on Tuesday
Open the calendar and create a new event
Post to twitter...got a hectic day ahead.
Can you erase the past event I visited?
What is the time in Chicago?
newly launched 4 wheelers
emails in the last 10 minutes
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train?
will you please explain me further on this.
sorry but it's not the right command.
Entertainment
Please tell me what lists I have made.
How to make taco?
Open my playlist
The last Friday of the month lands on what day?
is this person sent any email
Play selected music.
please check and confirm the command.
Reply to all emails received between 10pm and 7am everyday
i am sorry but i think you messed up with.
What is the highest rated movie now out?
Please tune my XM radio to CNN
Please create a new list for me
you have gotten that perfectly.
tuesday meeting noon
What fun things are there to do in this area?
What is the answer
i'd like to hear the last one again.
What time does the last train leave from (specific station)?
vaccuum start
its ok
Temp Chennai
I want to cook that meal
Please find the most popular store in the area.
got your understanding perfectly.
What are Jalapenos?
Switch the lights to off.
How's the stock for Exxon Mobil doing today?
Was there an appointment set up for Saturday?
you did that perfectly.
PDA, can you give me a rundown on John Legend?
i want you confirm that please.
What is smart plug socket
check my email messages
s2, could not get what you have said.
how do I subtract 4 from 2
What does the traffic look like headed to LAX?
Should I take an umbrella?
i couldn't understand what you said.
uhh no.
Describe a fifty inch smart TV.
Ask Peking Garden when my food will arrive.
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
i would like you to confirm what i said please.
Delete all recurring staff meetings
Initiate Celine Dion music
complaint to dept. for overpricing
Play Romantic playlist
Play album audiobook
Tell me the current price of exxon mobil stock
Can you tell me more about my most played music?
Make a repeating reminder for my work tasks every day at 8am
i would like you to confirm the question please.
How many new articles have been posted at USA Today in the past hour?
earth info
What date is it today
I like jazz, you should know...
Show me the shortest route towards nearest train station.
Please what is the current time in Paris?
PDA, do I have any emails from John in the last week?
how many languages does it know
announce a meeting today at evening.
PDA name: how much long until xxxx arives at xxxxx station
i'd like you check the details please.
Please update the status of pending reminders.
Reply to Erins email by saying I will be on time
oops, you don't get answer right.
When is the first weekday of the month?
What is the email sent by this contact read
please set an alarm for me 9a
adjust sound
Why do we continue to have Daylight Savings Time?
Suggest me some metal music
Play I spy with me.
Olly can you change my timezone to central?
please will you rephrase your answers once again.
hmm, i think you've done it all wrongly.
Remove pepper from my grocery list
Repeat Reminder for my appointments for Christmas
what is the high for today?
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
whatever will be okay for me.
Set the event to recur every week
Can you look up Chinese takeout near here?
yeah that is correct.
will you check and confirm the question.
Power off the wemo plug
Please Alexa tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic Narendra Modi
i'd like to hear what you just said again.
yes its must
anything would be okay with me.
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to the dentist on Friday, April 7th at 450 Park Avenue, new york, ny, 11232.
please book the next taxi
How long to get to work?
Add repeating event on Saturday on 7 am named cinema time
Are there any traffic issues
Tweet this complaint to Delta Airlines...
draw pb
Make the smart socket turn off
Play my all time favorite songs
Clear calendar of mine
Ok Google, what price are Google stocks trading for
play npr
Add Mike's birthday on March third to my calendar.
go to calendar and schedule event
List of lists, please.
please create new list
next i want to hear shinedown
PDA check emails from someone
Did PAOK won Liverpool?
what will the weather be like on date?
no back up.
Are there any emails from the school about my conference?
Can you delete all events from my calendar?
Set reminder for noon to get lunch with boss
what time will my alarm wake me up
No speaking please
i'd like you to check last thing i said please.
switch off all lights
I would love to hear more songs by that artist
Olly, give me a description of Iron Fist on netflix.
Play for me the game Harry Potter
you are hero, i appreciate it, olly.
start play playlist1
What price Google up to?
Could you order sushi for tonight dinner?
that is unimportant with me, olly.
I need to change the color of this light.
What is this week's weather like
Let me know new emails from John
audio start
how much is the canadian dollar worth vs us dollar?
listening song of arijit singh,post it on my fb account.
better climate
shit, that isn't what i was looking for.
which contact haven't I called in 12 months?
Calculate the travel time if I go to orlando by train.
PDA, Open Map
replay the last said please.
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
please explain me more on what you said.
email to address
i do not really mind for whatever, olly.
check if there any new email.
alexa what is the news in my area?
Describe the general topography of central park.
alexa what is the dollar to euro exchange rate
Do I have any new emails from Amazon?
would you please confirm that.
can you explain once again.
go to agha station
Program coffee machine to brew coffee in 2 minutes.
Am I gonna need rain boots?
Resume the song from the audiobook by The Beatles
I've got a meeting by tonight 7:00PM, please mute the music for an hour
Please turn on my music.
decrease the volume
hmm, you do not get what i am searching for.
Check delivery options for the restaurant.
play superstar
can you check the detail.
what is the weather like in new york
Play one through ten on U2 list
Auto lock the house after two and half hours.
at what time does the next redsox game start
I need to know current weather in New York city
Give me the number to mom.
Tell me about the sports stadium
sorry but i think it's not the correct response.
play Billie Jean next
Notify me if I receive any mail on my email account
play soft instrumental songs
Food order from Grubhub
Tell me something interesting on the message list
learn coding
check the detail.
you've done a task all in wrong manner.
Create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
thank you so much for your helping.
Please tell me what the world news headlines are.
Name a rom-com movie playing in and around New York theatres.
Play music on shuffle
Recommend a movie playing in my area.
remove birthday party
What is going on with blank?
convert currency calculator
DELETE ALL DETAILS IN EVENT
you've done that right thank you very much, olly.
I like music from when I was a teenager in the 80's.
oh no, you gave me incorrect information.
Cancel my meeting with Lisa on Tuesday and reschedule it for Thursday
stop that that's not what i want.
What did Kim Kardashian wear to London Fashion Week?
Olly, Where is the best vacation spot in calafornia?
Olly, email Jennifer the new schedule of the meeting for tomorrow.
read new messages from my wife
Can you order me some buffalo chicken pizza?
stop, i think it's not the correct command.
i would like to hear what said again.
What times may I travel to Location A?
What is the stock price for Lexmark?
it's useful, thank you.
Start playing NPR in the kitchen.
Take eggs of the list.
PDA, erase my appointment for March 7.
What's the latest email I have?
PDA please check the recent trend in stocks
Google search, booking train ticket
What is the highest mountain in the us?
Play some soft rock.
Where is the best mechanic in Eagle Point?
Please remind me to call Duker at 1:00 pm on Thursday.
Reply to all
How do i figure women out?
I want to know more about this event.
please will you cancel.
What year was Elvis born
yeap great response.
s2, don't get your words.
jane doe emails
PDA please adjust the colors in my lights.
Have any jokes?
Tweet to OLX costumer service the next, I didn't receive my order number 1176
Check for me new emails recieved from Michael
Contact Pizza Hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms.
Seven times seven
add a 5 am alarm in place of my 9 pm alarm
What is the exchange rate between 100USD I'm pesos
How many people live in San Francisco?
Please mute the sound.
PDA, Can you give me instructions on how to cook this food.
what are the train times for...
Play back the last message
is there any new message from person A.
what lists must i remember
What conducts heat better, copper bottomed pots or cast iron?
I want the light switched off. Can you do it for me?
Show me the picture of the singer
Do I have any new emails today?
Olly, set lights to 20 percent
what time is it right now?
shadi special podcast,play it.
send email to boss saying I will be late.
I want to hear the latest world news from today.
where are piramids located
Tell me if globalwarming is true
do not really bother, olly.
Explain quantum physics to me in language I understand.
What should the oven temperature be
Can I see the previous episode?
REMAIN DAY AFTER EVENTS IN CALANDER
Add a meeting in office at 11 AM
What's the pound to dollar exchange rate?
don't really mind for whatever.
What news has happened on CNN today?
it's useful, i appreciate it, olly.
Tell me which politician is being investigated.
post this picture on twitter
Play for me music by Michael Jackson
I want some stock on nintendo
PDA please remove the appointment on April 1st.
whatever would be good to me, olly.
remind me when i reach
Prepare coffee now
olly whats this playing right now
What emails did I get yesterday?
My commute was difficult today.
Tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
set reminder anna for every monday
Play The Circle
i am sorry but this is not the correct command.
PDA, How to cook this food?
Lower speaker volume
can you bright the lights please
record the radio program
Select the item
let's try again.
Weather in Dhaka
Is there any new environmental news?
I would like it to be able to tell if something is starting to burn and turn off the oven, stove, or microwave.
10.02.2017
does not really matter with me.
Play Enrique Iglesias song after this one.
Add this event to my calendar
Play Candy Crush with me.
What is the longest day of the year?
Search for new stuff on that subject
hmm, you gave me not correct information.
Set a nail appointment at Heaven Spa.
how many miles across is the widest part of the grand canyon alexa
Remove the excel file from the list
What is the best cuisine in the country?
play my play list
Let me know any updates about new Trump cabinet appointments
Get yourself muted.
Who are the top-5 all-time NHL goal scorers?
what is the menu today, add some boiled vegetables also to it
What is the subject of latest email I got, and who sent it?
yes it was confirmed.
Book taxi for now
List lists
What do i have on the schedule today from 12pm-2pm
Can you tell me some fun things to do in Kentucky?
Hey Olly, please set multiple reminders in an interval of half an hour prior to 10 am meeting
PLEASE SET ALARAM TO MY MOBIL PHONES
tag. you're it.
Could you find me a jazz station?
Play a pocast
What time is the earliest train to Glasgow?
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and France?
play favorited podcasts on fishing
start the coffee machine
could you please check and confirm my last command.
PDA: What are the train times on the 23rd to Clarksville
What day of the week does the 25th July fall on?
shutdown the sound.
WHat is the difference between the rate of the American doller and the Pound
PLEASE SWITCH OFF THE LIGHT
Hey what is the weather like today
Please go to next date
i do not mind for any one, olly.
Draft response to John's email
Explanation of the song
Hot news.
let us try your information spoken one more time please.
start the podcast application
what is recipe
Is it Joes birthday soon
please remove my alarm
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train?
Will you tell me what time it is in Cloverdale, Indiana?
It's Lee's birthday on 22 June.
Is it going to be nice tomorrow?
Please find me a country music station.
PDA please schedule a meeting for me.
Alexa, cancel my 8 o'clock meeting tomorrow.
Order a train ticket to Boston.
I want to hear this podcast
it's helpful, i appreciate it.
play kenny rogers lady
open a new list for me
I want coffee everyday
Delete event for November
newest world news
Can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram?
Write down that I am going to meet with Jenny on the third, okay?
Where is Fallout Boy performing next?
What do you think I should have for breakfast?
it was not clear.
set reminder at 3 pm
Please compain that my mobile is in the service centre for too long.
I would like orange lights now.
Is it raining in Toronto?
PDA what is skynet
i want you confirm the detail please.
What are all the upcoming events
you didn't do what i said.
list all pending reminders
What are all the lists I have?
yes you got command exactly.
I need a recipe that is from ingredients on my shopping list
Book me Golden Taxi for today at 5pm.
excellent job, you have done well.
when is my train coming
alexa whats i like being a tool for the nsa
New email message, to Robert Peck, Late from work, send
Olly, today wore me out
what's in the news
Look up for my email updates.
... podcast next episode
get large pizza with pepperoni
How many countries are in Europe?
could you shut up please.
I want to hear radio channel x
Play radio on 5.30 on tere nagme show
play new gaga playlist
How cold is today?
give me directions to the nearest mcdonald's
does restaurant xy deliver takeaway?
What is a good way to make turkey meatballs?
What events are going to happen in my city between 2-4pm today?
Send Golden Taxi to pick me up as soon as possible.
order me a bowl from chipotle takeout
What is the definition of this word?
It's coffee time
amazing response.
Olly, Play Heavyweight podcast
ABHI KITNA TIME HO RAHA HAI?
Show me news from CNN
Can I get some background music?
thank you so much, olly.
My calender is to be updated with all RCCG event in March
How to reach hallway?
Please add brunch with Erin to my calendar at the Diner
How many floors does the Empire State Building have?
Sanctimonious definition
Tell me what the word organism means
Can you add up 13+5+9 for me?
Add to calendar may 2 is Mary's birthday. Repeat every year.
describe blanket
Will it it be hot tomorrow?
What will the weather be like for the next week?
Who has sent me an email in the past week?
will you check the detail please.
Set a reminder for gymnastics every Wednesday at 3.
shit, you didn't understand what i am looking for.
yes got your understanding correcly.
What day of the week is the 22nd march?
Initiate cleaning process
get me to the nearest train station
stock x find out
yeah exactly.
Turn the vacuum on
olly, cancel all events in the next two days
doesn't really matter with me, olly.
olly, find a description about a samung tv
listen again that answer was wrong.
Isn't it a lovely song? please save this for me.
Would you provide me with the answer to this question
Remove the first alarm
Please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee.
Please play me songs from the 80's
Lights on!
Alexa, what's the topic of the news today?
Remove my scheduled calendar events if you could
Get me up in half an hour
play a random song from my playlist.
Please play Leviathan
What's my next scheduled alarm?
i do not really mind for whatever.
let us try it again please.
sorry but i think that's not the correct command.
What's the highest mountain in Italy?
What is the fastest route to my grandmother's house?
Send an email to c@emoteck.co
olly can you just stop it please.
When it's 10 pm here what time is it in Brisbane?
what is the customer service feedback.
Tell me the most strange thing happening in the world today?
i did not say that.
say once again please.
I want you to remind me the next meeting with my girlfriend, it will be at 8 pm next sunday
Turn house lights off.
What is Sean Connery's birthday?
Tell me latest technology news.
Order a pizza
add this email to my contacts
Where can I find this song, PDA?
reset alarm
Who wrote this song?
Status of weather?
shit, it isn't what i was looking for.
PDA, post to Facebook: at the spa, yay!  With a smiley face emoticon.
Adjust light when I get home
any alarms currently listed
I want to listen to the latest Mike and mike podcast.
Is this week a payday week?
Tell me about George Washington
change <unk> to blue
Open email for unread mails
Find grocery store with an organic section near me.
Music, led Zeppelin, houses of the holy
i do not really care.
fresh list
Will you turn off the lights please.
what is the exact difference between the language of telugu and tamil
Hey Olly, i am having a bad day today. What can i watch to cheer me up?
i have my clothes list
its raining.
open lyft
Should i wear a jacket to work?
stop, that's not the correct answer.
What are next scheduled events?
did i get an email from Mike
Tell me the weather situation
last sentence is not so clear.
what is 3+4?
alexa update my list with shoes
open inbox
would you tell me once again.
set an alarm for 1pm
olly that is enough, just cancel.
What color hair does Britney Spears have?
what you said was not so clear to me.
Conduct meeting on Thursday
How do we organize against Trump?
find recent events of the celebrity
PDA queue up YMCA
Can turkeys fly
Where can I get Shawarma in this area ?
could you tell me it one more time please.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT WILL BE RAINY DAY BASED ON THE WEATHER FORCAST/
what is 123X 123
olly would you shut down.
Place Event X in my calendar every Tuesday.
what is the day on 23rd march
What is going on with international news
Drive the car and bring my friends over
Is it sunny?
Where jackie chan currently live
Please inform me of any new status updates?
turn off smart lamp in den
PDA how do you cook Black Eye Pea?
I would like to hear some blues
What's the answer to 1 + 1?
Tell me the current weather in New York city
set repeating event 'gym day' on calendar
What are the contents on my list?
kindly break down your statement and make it simple.
whats with my dinner order?
Take off this list
I WANT TO LISTON ARIJIT'S SONGS, PLZ TUNE THAT.
Olly can you raise the lights for me please?
Amazon stock price
Ok Google, did Angelina Jolie leave Brad Pitt?
what is the price of apple stock today
please delete my next calendar event
Alexa, today I had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart. Play me a nice song to the mood.
it is nice job, thanks.
play an FM
Book a first class ticket in the next train to Miami
activate music
dammit, i did not say it.
Make me a cup of coffee with salted carmel flavored cream.
Erase all my event in my calendar.
Hello how are you?
retry.
i do not know.
Are there any events schedule for this week?
Give me the specs on the Bugatti Veyron.
Start game temple runner
How many people are using this application at this time?
PDA play from this point form this audiobook
Please schedule meeting with Ri at 10AM on April 1st
well done, i appreciate it, olly.
Let me know on Tuesday if I have messages.
can you say what you just said one more time please.
Olly, define the word 'novel'.
go to online site
Remove alarm.
general information searches
Cancel next event.
can i have timing of keral express
how does merriam webster define ultra?
How deep is the Pacific ocean?
Send email to...
i am sorry but i think you did not get command right.
What is the current time in London?
What is Angelina Jolie's birthday
Start the robotic vacuum
Send e-mail to Nancy about tomorrow's work party details.
When is the next train to London?
PDA: Play rock playlist
Repeat reminder for Christmas
Set event as meeting notification
Pandora
really wouldn't mind, olly.
Is the 4:30 PM train running late?
that's amazing work, thank you, olly.
send this message to the family group.
Hey, I feel good
i'd like you check what i last said please.
What is the longest river in the world?
Open email and send it to
Order me a large ham and olive pizza from Dominos.
Start playing again.
can you set the alarm for 1:30
to open up
brighter
iphone
Can you activate the vacuum to clean the house?
Send me a reminder of my meeting with Tom next Friday
Alexa create a new playlist.
Do I have new mail?
Please use shuffle
is river in country y?
puzzles and games app
yeah great.
we don't expect rain tomorrow, right?
how hot is it in quebec, PDA?
What does potato mean?
Set alarm to begin
where is kartum
Increase the volume a bit
What are my available lists?
Remind me about meeting next week
that's enough, just cancel.
Is this the correct area code for my boss?
I hope we could eat cookies and watch movies together.
Where is the Acme meeting being held on Friday?
Where is the event venue?
send this message to the family group starts with A .
Check my email for new emails during the last hour
How tall is Frank Goggins?
what time is it in the east
What's happening in news express
did you get command correctly?
Tell me when i have a work meeting coming up?
play recently added music
Is there anything special going on nearby?
olly shut down please.
anything will be okay with me.
add 'christmas' to calendar
whats is the weather in Hyderbad
what is the current date in india
Add to the calendar a reunion event for this afternoon
Alexa, Send the mail to Robert about his availability on saturday
Can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
How much is Apple stock worth?
Move the volume up a little.
its very tough one
i do not really mind to select any one, olly.
PDA, What is a good place for cruise
do i need my tire pressure checked
will you check and confirm that please.
definition of velocity
Please play the podcast for me.
florida
shit, you have done wrong.
What steps do I need to do for shrimp parmigiana?
please rephrase your answers again.
i wish this event to be removed from my calender
How old is Jim Carrey?
what is on that date
Find Me a nice restaurant for dinner
what new movies are played in cinemas this week?
What year was this song recorded?`
locate nearby dining places
is <unk> married
Mute speaker
Tell me the name of this song.
Fine
How many more reminders are left?
Filter all arijit singh sad song and save or create playlist of sad songs of arijit singh
PDA: Is today the 4th or the 5th?
Create packing checklist
this is of no importance, olly.
Send a tweet to company
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
Who covered the song One more cup of coffee?
Please add this song to work out playlist
When was the last call I received from Jordan?
find a taxi to book
Did Kim Kardashian go to the Paris fashion shows this year?
Ok Google, what's the easiest and quickest way to cook a turkey
i am sorry but i think you are not right.
Is there any new vegan news on FaceBook?
I was late today for the meeting you would not believe what happened
I want you to delete my shopping list from last month
I can't see anything
play playlist
Cortana, what events are happening near me?
turn on sportsnet for hockey
sorry but i think you messed up.
How is the traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas today?
i think you've done task all wrong.
what's on your mind today?
open recurring
How long until my order is ready?
Desk lamp one, off
Play only classical music
Please send an email to <email address>
I would like to mute the speakers, please.
wrong i will repeat the command now.
Can you find and tell me the prices of Facebook stock?
Is it going to be sunny next Tuesday?
what is the time in another city?
post my current location on instagram
set a repeating calendar event
Remind me to start the crock pot at 2:00 PM
Olly List saturday night events near current location.
Send email to Emilia saying: I will be late, please don't wait with dinner.
s1, elaborate your response again to me please.
PDA does Fridays do takeaway.
thanks but that's not the right answer.
it's fantastic work, musch appreciated, olly.
can you add this event with karl?
This Candidates Guide to the Practical Driving Assessment (PDA) has been prepared to help learner drivers develop the skills necessary to pass a PDA and become a safe driver.
Tweet the current temperature.
Send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
Can you tell if my dog is sick?
Schedule event for every Wednesday
House, change all lights to blue.
is fish and chips really British?
what is your mood today?
Start a conversation with me about politics
What events are happening soon?
I would like to listen to my audiobook.
Please give me update of Football
Make a note of my doctor's appointment on Wednesday next week.
could you confirm my last instruction please.
could not understand your words.
s2, i do not understand that.
play the young turks podcast
What do I have scheduled today?
i'd like you confirm it please.
mute for 1 hour
what is my schedule like today
continue playing my audiobook
Change the lights to green.
clear out the problem
I need to see my list
Set my alarm for 6:30 in the morning tomorrow
Please lower the speaker volume.
lower the lights a little more
please rephrase again to me.
update email
What was the upcoming event's
you've done that correctly, olly.
Delete that from my calendar
Did mom text me?
Myspace
contacts
this was not clear to me.
Where can I order pizza for delivery?
you've done it right musch appreciated, olly.
I really enjoy rock and roll.
How much was airtel sold for sometime back?
that is enough, just cancel.
Book an Uber to pick me up outside of Long Island Bar right now.
Lower lights
tell me the definition of arrow
What does this Stitch long sleeved shirt look like
Is it going to rain in the next few days in Tucson?
tune news.
confirm the instruction.
Most recently received emails
check for the quality of the colors
IVF/IVR
Takeaway : Noodles 1 pack
Convert CZK to euro
Should I wear a sweater?
Delete my latest event.
you are so helpful, thank you.
resume audio playback of twilight
please can you just stop.
s2, i couldn't quite catch up with you.
shit, this was not what i am looking for.
Is it better to invest or save?
i don't mind for anything.
how many shares of apple can I get for 800$
I'd like to listen to a podcast now.
Is the DOW up or down?
Look up information on Mount Rushmore
Shuffle song
how to abs in six week
PDA: Anything interesting from Bob's News
Remind me to meet James at work tomorrow at 9am
Set a reminder alert for Saturday 9:00 a.m. towards payment of electricity bill.
it was cool, i appreciate it.
Where is the radio head concert?
The music volume should increase to 90
play the romanitc songs
i am sorry but i think you have messed up my command.
Play the next episode of Radiolab.
News articles
please will you confirm details.
deaft an email to kailey about work later
Facebook
How many eggs do I need for an omelette?
did you get what i said correctly?
Have I gotten any new messages since yesterday?
Play the next episode
Do I have any meeting today.
what is the best shop/restaurant around Angel
Add a new email address which is Starktony721@Gmail.com
how are the top 10 stocks at the moment?
show me route to my phone location on yesterday 12Pm
Set my alarm for <insert time>
play country
Make a note of an event  'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25.
ah that was great work.
What is the weather here
does not matter to me, olly.
What is the traffic now?
Start next episode playing
What is the weather in Sydney now?
Find jazz music on my playlist
I want to finally read the Mars trilogy
repeat please.
Plan me a holiday trip
Set a 2 day notification before Maria's birthday please.
Comfort my ears with Arijit Singh
I want a train ticket to Oregon.
yeah it's exact.
what mistakes do you usually make
Play IPL 2017
Make a new list for me, please.
Church with Mom and Dad on Sunday.
New Friends Request Details
Could you speak up?
Turn off the living room lights
who takes less of duration of time for delivery
would you try the last utterance spoken once more please.
lady gaga
Strings and pianos, but only accoustical guitar not electric please.
Play Pride an Prejudice.
Olly, isn't it funny how the weather keeps getting worse.
Send an email to Bill about the upcoming weather for the week.
what is that once again.
please will you check last thing said.
PDA, Remind me of the event in my calendar.
I feel like having soup for lunch. Order from Wangs Kitchen restaurant, a chicken manchow soup.
Please tell me if I got any email recently
What is twelve divided by four?
I want to hear music by a band from my playlist
How do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner?
Mute your Android phone when you arrive at work
whatever is ok with me.
You can send the email to abc@gmail.com, this is my new email address
What's the cheapest price for Zoella's first book?
Olly, what are some theme parks nearby?
Is there a way to clear my calendar?
maths solution matters
I would need to be notified of church services on Sundays at 11 am.
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
Turn the security light off.
Please open my twitter app and find complaint section for Olive Garden.
Please show today meting with clients
Can you turn MSNBC on in the car?
i am sorry but that's not the right response.
i need a reminder for ,my 5pm meeting
it isn't what i am looking for.
Go to next episode.
Give me recent emails.
add an event to my calendar
Tell me what's going on in my city
What is the price of Starbuck's stock?
I HAVE REPORT ANY OF THE PDA'S
check on the delivery of my current order
Is it hot outside right now im Hawaii.
someone
At what age Michael Phelps got married?
how north need I go to see northern lights this week?
where is a petrol station in 0.5 mile radius?
Can you please delete all evnts from my calender
it was nice job, thanks, olly.
Tell me the quickest route to Joe's place
Hey PDA, has John sent me any email lately?
Put the current song on repeat.
What is the home city of the Bolshoi theatre?
When is the train coming?
Show me all the emails received recently
can you send meeting invitation to mr. Chen on next Monday 6:00pm
Where can I buy sports equipment near me?
Olly what is the nearest mexican restaurent in Cleveland?
thanks but i think you do not get me.
Order 1 pizza from pizza hut
Can you add milk to my grocery list?
i like you check my last question please.
change the lights to a different hue
Please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle.
Play my R&B playlist
you are my star, appreciated.
i would like you check and confirm instruction please.
Notify me when I am supposed to attend the dance recital on March 5th.
please rephrase more on what you just said now.
i am unclear about the last sentence.
Olly, how much are tickets at Wonder Works?
play pandora
When last did I receive a new email?
Email my friend about our plans tonight
Note current song as awesome please.
alexa give me everything you know about bob dean
Open Uber and book a car for 12 o'clock
I want to cook pasta in american style, show me how.
i want to order som pizza
I hope we could eat biscuits
Tweet my complaint about my truck to Consumer Digest.
What do you suggest that I watch this weekend?
Delete my doctor's appointment for February 12th.
check for the availability of shops nearby
What time are the trains going to Chennai leaving?
What time is it in London?
Place an order for a pepperoni pizza at Papa Johns.
play sam harris please
play the last played audiobook
it's fantastic job, thanks, olly.
doesn't really matter to me, olly.
What year was Mark Wahlberg born?
i don't catch up with you.
you have done answer right.
What's the funniest joke you know?
Listen to the martian from downpour
Has the budget been voted on yet?
Describe what a morel mushroom looks like.
attenuate the lights
ask trivia questions
Siri, if you could eat, what would you eat, and why?
Make the bedroom lights light blue
i think that's not right command.
Can I change this light to orange?
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR POUND TO USD
i am sorry but i think you did not interpret the command right.
what time is it in another city?
Give a list of all appointments today post 3 p.m.
did you receive this person email?
What is a good joke?
Do I need to use sunscreen before goint to meet my friend for lunch?
What day o the week is 12th
made media volume louder
get set need me music track
in Calendar add this event with these people
i'd like to hear again.
What is the exchange rate between $500 USD I'm fraancs?
Play Hot 97 radio.
Delete all meetings for tomorrow
Should I wear a jacket today?
PDA: Reply back to Bob Smith...
Ok Google! Mute sound on speakers please
Turn down volume twenty percent!
Add a reminder to April fourth to go to the dentist.
Make the room blue.
PDA what's on my shopping list
decrease the volume to 10
new pop music
i want you to confirm that please.
Make coffee at three.
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY PHONES
Olly, give me the news on donald trump
How much Yens per USD today?
I want the Ryan Seacrest show on the radio in the kitchen.
What is the best part of being you?
Start the vacuum.
It the weather warmer than 70 degrees right now.
Olly, pick up where we left off on Battle Royale.
which film the music comes from?what is the name of the music
How old was Elvis when he died
Did I get any emails this week?
please turn lights off
What does my calendar look like for the next week?
What's an easy recipe to cook for food
Remind me that I have an appointment 12 o clock on saturday
What is the latest news about the Mexico-America border wall?
Have I got any new emails
Does restaurant have takeaway?
Let my cable company know that I hate it.
yeah you have gotten my instructions correcly.
How much snow has fallen in Maine since yesterday?
Have a moan at Easyjet
i would not really mind, olly.
What's happening in world news today
Get me an meeting to see Tim later on today between 3 and 5.
Find me a description of morel mushrooms.
you did your understanding exactly.
Please make a reminder for Friday at 6 p.m.
Give me an update on the election in one hour.
What did the clinic say about my exams
s2, i am not so clear about last sentence.
cut off the bathroom lights
I want you to play bohemian raphsody for me
Book ticket for (location) by train
Olly, play jumper by third eye blind.
What does I-75 look like?
Send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it. Apologize for being late.
that is not what i am searching for.
ah that's nice one.
How much is 1+1?
Can you add my business meeting to the work calender?
tell me one more time please.
What happened yesterday from 3pm to 4pm?
turn off lights of kitchen
Find an uber driver available for tonight after 10 pm.
Make a calender note 'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25.
Show todays events in NY
brighten lights in living room
please could you elaborate me further on that.
find out if the restaurant does takeaway orders
economy
Do I need pants?
Do you have a joke?
s2, i was not so clear about your answer.
Please summarize the latest George R R Martin Ice and Fire book.
i want to hear your last instruction you said again.
Show me all the events happening in Milan
list the lists i have
what's the current temperature outside
retry that.
what is the status of my order no?
A.R. Rahman
I want to play a game
any one is okay.
Are there unread emails from mom?
Please switch the channel to classic FM.
I need a cup of coffee.
s2, i am unclear about this.
Switch on robot vacuum cleaner.
bring up lights
save this email in contact
Stop repeating this song.
complaint to consumer service tweeter
that's nice one, thanks.
can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
I don`t need apples, remove it from my shopping list
check list
find food and order
Play last song from my favourite playlist.
Find the right amount of cinnamon for the garam masala.
raise the light.
Add event with these people
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
I want to know the news form Miami Herald
What is happening on Facebook?
Whats happening in my day
Olly prepare my coffee
reduce the lights
can you please check detail.
i think you have done the task all wrong.
can you please rephrase more on what you have said.
oops, you're wrong.
Turn off the lights in the bathroom
you got that right.
olly will you just cancel it.
Give me the newest New York Times.
Have any emails arrived in the last 15 minutes?
Make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
Olly, send an email to James asking when he is getting off of work.
What can I do in Charlotte?
meetings
Live365.com
Who is the singer of this song?
Set a reminder for this
Remind me every Monday to take out the trash
how warm today is
sorry but you've got me incorrect.
I want to remove the grocery list from my other lists.
Keep looking for more detailed info on the annual tea party and inform me accordingly.
which is the safest and most dangerous country to live in .
Show me Derek's contact information
fine me a train to denver
did my friend 'rohit' posted something on fb?
How about the latest news.
Is it going to rain in Seattle today?
What events are ongoing today in Biloxi
appreciate your helping.
nearest way to return home
pls play some songs for kids
Send Mom an email about the upcoming weather for the week.
What is the exchange rate of US dollar to pound sterling?
qwetqwtqwtwqt
Give me some health tips
Delete the meeting tomorrow.
Check my social notifications
PDA: What's 2 plus 2
the weather is sunny today
Please play next episode
PDA, can you tell me what the date is today?
would you please check my last command.
tell artist and title of this song.
Olly play a good track from my favourite jazz player
can you post my business on facebook
Where is the public library?
Hey Olly, what time is it in Dallas, Texas?
Turn off sockets
Hi, event has been added in your calendar. Please check.
i think you had this wrong.
What are the stats of x?
Show me the latest world news
what is the meangin of existence
What do we have on NYT's front page
power <unk> on
would you check and confirm the question please.
What will be the temperature today for Miami, Florida?
would you check and confirm that please.
Skip song  continue playlist.
Show me nearest theatre
could you clarify further on what you said now to me please.
please set the alarm for next morning to 7 am
Tell me about yourself?
How old is Carrie Underwood?
say the last one said again please.
Give me the description of a Laptop circuit
you've gotten answer correcly.
Whats a good place to eat around Midtown New York?
I want all my events deleted.
lets play
its depend pon the seen
Please block off Friday at 8 am on my calendar.
dim the garden light by half
Can you play my music
you've got my instructions exactly.
nope, this was not the right response.
Show me events in Sacramento
please will you check detail.
Show me the best podcast of rock songs having good rating.
Olly, what is the nearest theatre that plays the new Vin Diesel movie
I have a doctor's appointment with Dr. Barlease tomorrow at 7:30 a.m.
give the shortest route to the airport
Search and play a radio station with news.
Where is New Zealand located on a map?
It was a tough day today.
Do I have any appointments?
thanks for helps.
Tell me the current time in San Paulo Brazil?
Schedule a meeting by asking your
Tsunami reasons
s1, rephrase this further.
what would you recommend for me to read
i would not bother.
Do I need to bring an umbrella to Manila this afternoon?
Remind me to take out the garbage at 6pm.
speak quieter
stock price fb
Send email to my brother
Show me my meetings this Friday
What lists do you have on you right now?
Does byron's supports takeaways?
Does the nearby pizza hut deliver in my area
Am I off work on Memorial Day?
Can you tell me my appointments for this week?
PDA, How much is a dollar in rupees
list any interesting events I like in the next  two days
Are there any new emails from today?
turn on the tv socket when I arrive home
Enter silence mode
Alexa, please turn on the lights.
What is the next Metro to DC?
please check it.
Show me the list of friends having birthday yesterday and I have not wished them.
How hot is today?
Convert 10 inches to centimeters.
Local theater screening which movie?
Please add an e-mail for John Doe to my contacts, johndoe@yahoo.com
who was in the beatles
What time am I meeting John tomorow?
I think I ran out of this can you add it to my list?
what is the story of the movie titanic
PDA, book me an Uber.
Can you play my latest audio book?
Tell me some braking news in new york
COMPARE USA AND OTHER COUNTERS
tell comcast i hate them
recent headlines
will you tell me it once more.
What's the best clothes store here?
Please add an appointment at 9am wednesday at dr greens office
Remember Metallica selections for next time
I want to hear 103.1.
remove any kind of list.
What is the current status of resolving general relativity with quantum physics?
Play something from Keane's Hopes and Fears album.
Tell me the direction to Miami from Chicago.
I said
Please play the next episode
Tell me who the 32nd prsident is.
Tell me my lists.
How did George Rogers Clark die?
what is <unk> euros in u. s. d.
Mark April 20 as my brother's birthday.
can you say what you have said one more again.
upcoming events in calendar
Set a reminder for an hour from now about the chickens
Order a large pepperoni pizza from Dominos, to go.
i need to hear your last message spoke again.
add pencil to school supplies list
Olly, find a shop that sells beer
I'm going to bed, play Dr. Demento on the radio.
After this, play me Rebel Yell.
that was helpful,.
Will you put on the music ?
Play The Gilmore Guys podcast.
record the program and listen later on
please say one more time.
Tell me the synonym
What is the proper cooking time for boiled eggs?
What was the last thing my mom said?
snapchat
Tell me if in this world there are person who have face very similar to mine?
What are the upcoming reminders?
please lights less brighter
What time is it in Akron?
Remind me to tweet at this company
Alexa is traffic heavy on route 80 today?
What is the best pizza near me that delivers
will it be cold tomorrow
Please play Jocko's podcast
Send help only to Jane
what is weather today?
Tell me when the next big earthquake will hit California
Start my robert vacuum cleaner by 10 to 11 am daily.
All emails received between 10pm and 9am is to be replied to.
incorrect command.
i would like to hear what i have just said again.
Where can I find a fijord
Is it after noon yet?
this is of no importance with me.
Add a new email contact to my list.
provide contact location
yeap fantastic response.
get that correcly.
Play some carnatic songs
i'd like to hear the last one spoke again.
Where can I find the nearest Irish pub in my area?
play 'do re mi'
Is there any email from my contacts
repeat birthday
Activate the vacuum cleaner and use it
please rectify that command.
Ten percantages of hundred
i need to hear the last spoken again.
What is the leading story at this time on Fox News?
How is the traffic?
On/off mobile charger plug
will you check and confirm it.
what year what the Eiffel tower built
have the roomba run the living room
Olly, how long should I boil the eggs
yes fantastic response.
How do I get to the grocery store?
Alert me in three hours
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
clarify me on that further please.
can't understand your words.
None
What is the time in Paris?
What is the time difference between California and New York?
can you scratch the milk off my grocery list
Play Huey Lewis.
the calendar event has multiple people
can you please check the question.
What is a Canadian dollar worth in the US?
DIRECTIONS TO DISNEY LAND
it's fantastic job, appreciated.
s1, please could you further explain me about it.
What time am I supposed to pick up John again?
Find and make a playlist of all the latest dancing tracks.
send email to my wife
Can you tell me what hypertrophy means?
Did Rosa ever reply to my email about the Global Warning Meeting?
Should I bring warm clothes?
What is hair made up of?
What will the temperatures be for the next week?
how do you like being my assistant?
you did great job, musch appreciated.
bring me a train ticket.
How much longer until my pizza will be here?
Olly, what's traffic likexchange on 441?
Turn the sound off.
Switch the lights to blue
Remind me when it is lunchtime.
Switch up the color of the lights in the house.
add grocery to list
Ok Google, what new movie is Jennifer Lawrence working on?
Louder volume please
Is there a parade on Friday?
define ambulance
yes good response.
tell me the weather of city A .
Is today my brothers birthday?
Postpone my alarm by 15 mins.
tell me again.
Alexa are there any backups on route 80 today?
Hello Alexa, wish Monika happy birthday on her timeline.
i do not bother, olly.
Shut down the plug
What are my current alerts?
can you tell me the time of train which go to krishnarajpuram from bangalore
Reset my locations list
will you just stop it please.
Bring up the grocery list and add v8.
Give me the top-rated movie in my area
Show me results of what I'm listening to
Please find information about the Zach Brown concert on June third.
i am sorry but i think that was not the right response.
What time is it in Boston
What's the exchange rates
Give me a traffic update.
i want more light.
could you speak what said once more please.
Please turn up the speaker volume
i like you to check and confirm the command please.
Please remove this alarm
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
Where is Nayagara falls located?
did you get what last said correctly?
Anyone for tennis?
Rate five!
Echo, remove Finlee's bedtime alarm
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE STOCK PRICE OF DEW IN NY MARKET
you have done that correctly thank you.
PDA name: remove the xxxx from the list
Please let me know the morning alarm time kept for Weekends
That song in the background is annoying.
remove recent call list
meeting with Love the next day
Hi, What is the hot topic in facebook .
you are hero,, olly.
Can I have an espresso please?
could you please check details.
replay that please.
Resume story
Where does Tom Hanks live?
please elaborate me on your answer further.
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
you have done that right thank you very much, olly.
how many sides are on a pentagon
yes amazing response.
speak one more time again please.
last take away order
Put reminder to call Pawel tomorrow
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
What does triumph mean?
Can you pause the audio
Call the closest Mexican restaurant.
Check all the new them wmails and mark them star
what do you mean by saying that.
Turn up radio volume
Tell me the news
Lists I have
Find emails about hours from work
Delete my next meeting from calendar.
I want to hear some tunes
What is today's date?
check my last instruction please.
Tweet on the bad service
check new emails from jim
What's happening on social media right now?
Play me the top 100 radio channel.
Play mp playlist from start
PDA please search for events in my location
Write an email about next week weather to my wife
it seems like your response you have gotten was incorrect.
What are the train times today?
Do I have any unread emails from Chris Thompson?
Play BBC radio
How old is Dolly Parton?
Play some soft jazz
What would Africa look like in 1000 years?
Can you add an event with John and Mary?
i'd like you just stop it.
set my cooking classes on Tuesdays at 5pm
House, can you make all the lights in the house blue?
Locate Jen's most recent email so I can reply
Please repeat the current song is being played
What is my list?
What is the time 9 AM CST in EST
would you explain me about your answers once again.
can you tell me what time it is
Turn up the brightness
set alarm for 8 every weekday
i would not mind for any one.
Olly, how tall is Tom Cruise?
i want to hear what you have said again.
you understood the answer right.
would you speak once more please.
Open twitter and tweet' bad service by online buying site. Waste of money'
It's dark in the living room.
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
you helped a lot, thank you very much.
Was Paul Walker working on any movies besides the Fast and the Furious when he died?
What is a good movie to see right now
yeah you have done it correcly.
What is the meaning of placid?
Stock rate of facebook
PDA, What are the stock prices
Give me the description of laptop circuit
olly can you please shut up.
Cancel meeting on 4th Oct, 12 pm
Play for me Jazz music
Tell me when I have an event
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party.
How to eat healthy
Book Uber for tonight at 7pm
olly you got a command wrong.
Olly, find out if KFC delivers, please.
s1, please elaborate more on this to me.
i'm so happy today Olly, I got tickets for the concert
Can you find the radio station on Spotify that I was listening to yesterday?
please clarify more on your answer.
search X in contacts
Play radio music.
Emails
I want to play solitare with you.
Read the ticket for Tesla
Play Lady GaGa
where is ToNa?
Start playing Ringcast
what's on for this week?
i am sorry but this is incorrect.
Siri, how are the working conditions for the people who make you?
yeap get the command exactly.
I like it
What does hypocrisy mean
i want to hear it again.
Is Mothers Day on a Sunday?
Talk with me only in riddles.
Play my favourite podcast
Open facebook messenger
What movies are playing tonight?
Turn on silent mode until my alarm goes off.
what's the latest news from Xinhua?
yeap your understanding is confirmed.
when does iphone stock usually drop
please look in to the matter
Tell me about the schedule.
instructions to make a meal
How many GBP can I get for one dollar?
Take my calendar and clear it
any event message is available in last two days
Set the alarm for five o'clock in the morning.
I would like to hear the podcast from the website I was at earlier.
I want to play a game with you
What's his number?
i did not ask for it.
will you rephrase me more on what you have just said please.
We are going to play poker together.
Find me a gas station close by
What important dates are there in my calendar this month?
appreciated, that was fantastic job.
please will you say it again.
Open email to send to dad.
list todo
PDA, What is my schedule for June 14th 2017?
Provide what is there on the list
Are there any unread emails from Patrick?
i do not mind to select any one.
i'd like you check my last question please.
How much is remaining after subtracting 4 from 8?
i like you check it please.
will i need to wear a coat today in the afternoon?
i was unclear about it.
Tell me to go to the grocery store after work.
you are awesome, i appreciate it, olly.
explain more on what you've just said to me.
Listen to Girl from Impanema by Frank Sinatra
Turn on Huey Lewis and The News from the music player.
what is on my tv list?
What is the mayor's stance on homelessness in Seattle?
yes get the answer perfectly.
Please give me all updates on the election.
did you get my last question correctly?
Play san andreas game.
How old is...
Give me my social media update
you did amazing work,.
Look up news articles about Trump
Volume up.
Thirteen minutes from now, remind me to drive to the park
How many grams are there for a cup of butter?
set a classic 80's music
will you please explain me about this once again.
Send invites to Mike and Jane for the 9am Saturday appointment
it's great one, i appreciate it.
please will you confirm the last thing said.
I need to send an email to
which is the costliest and the cheapeast city to live in some particular country.
Give me the  opening stock price of Infosys Technologies today
Can you suggest a good drama for me to watch?
Is tomorrow's appointment in the Middletown office?
10AM
I don't like this light. Please show me other options
Is it going to be sunny tomorrow?
send reply too..
Send an email and save the contact information for Samuelwaters@hotmail.com
Turn on my stereo and change it to NPR.
I want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
I need to set a reminder on the third of every month to call my doctor.
Any special events on my list?
add appointment in the list
check email for <unk>
PDA book my next free day in the calender for me to get a haircut at Sally's.
Are there any alarms going off today?
hurrily activates my robot vacuum cleaner.
Cortana, turn all lights on
clear calendar
PDA play slayer.
play latest songs for me from the net
Do I have any alarms set for tomorrow?
Call Becky to get me a coffee.
Olly, Lets hear WGRR 103.5
PDA, Read to me
Olly, I'm really enjoying this song
How warm is it in Columbus, Ohio?
How much time it will take to prepare the order
PDA, Tell me how the world began.
What features are you going to add in the future?
that was perfect, thank you very much, olly.
Look up animal and give me the definition
Bingo
family bonding before meeting
For how many years was Abraham Lincoln president of United States
Olly, write a small text on Facebook
Play the seventh episode of The Morning After.
Remind me every friday to go to my son's basketball game
Make the ceiling lights brighter.
Olly what's on my lists
Write a complaint to Best Buy.
what events are planned in my area?
Recent advice concerning Google SEO
What stations are playing good music this morning?
could you please shut off.
uh no, you did not understand what i am searching for.
Please play NPR Podcast
world/local news
can you get me a train ticket to NYC?
Tell me the best player of basketball of this week
shit, i didn't ask for it response.
Who has written to me or mentioned me in social media?
Alexa, please send an email to mom
it's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
Pull up the news.
hmm, this was not what i said.
Ask if deliver
to Chris, write following content
What is there to do in NYC?
yes it's right.
yeap you have done your understanding right.
really wouldn't mind.
what are all the event in area
Add my doctor appointment for the 15th.
search for local shops
Olly, please read me my current lists.
olly could you shut up please.
thanks, it was excellent.
I would like to hear Fresh Air.
What movie did Megan Fox star in?
will you say once again please.
my expenses
Find the nearest Olive Garden that has take out service.
dammit, you gave me incorrect information.
Any cultural events in california?
remove alarms set for tomorrow
what lists are available?
Is there anything new in my mailbox?
Olly, I'm starving  whats good to eat in cincinnati
Will i need to be warm
Play music that are classical only.
amazing work, you did well.
Clear my events search data
PDA please mute for 5 minutes
Porn
dating
be my clock
start the next episode of the _____podcast
give me a description of (object)
delete apples from my shopping list
show me shops PDA.
Add Dr. rosenstock as an email contact
How much would it cost to buy a share of Target?
use shortcut
could you tell me once again please.
it seems like the answer was not correct.
Search for more songs from the band
What would be the easiet way to become a millionaire in less than five years?
on radio mirch can you play feel dil programme
Stop/Start the juice!
What artist sings this song?
Cortana, please increase the brightness in this room.
Let's play 90s music hits
i want you to remove the item from the list
it is not what i wanted.
got that exactly.
The 22nd is on what day of the week?
remind me at 1pm
call taxi
Its' what time in
Remove my next event.
Any events this weekend in Pondichery?
best rap music
What music genre do I listen to the most?
Robot, vacuum the living room now
list emails from jim for today
Will I need an umbrella this week?
please tell me that message spoke once more.
Whats needed to make pizza
remind me some particular event
would you try what you said again.
no, you did all wrongly.
PDA name: post my latest entry to twitter @nsa
i will talk to you later.
What's on my list to do today?
order pizza
i would like to crack jokes
the command was wrong.
Is it too hot for pants
what should I make for dinner?
olly just stop please.
what music is currently playing
Hey siri clear all my calendar appoints for today
that's good one, thank you.
PDA what is the weather look like for the week
Train times location
s2, i was unclear about your answer.
Find me the definition of  indefatigable
could you check question.
please will you tell me it one more again.
Olly what is the song?
Please continue reading The Hunger Games.
exchange rate I will get with foreign currency
I want to listen classical music.
email my favourite contacts
What reminders do I have today?
Latest News from Jersey
I had a car accident today
that's great work, thank you so much, olly.
you've done it right thanks, olly.
what should i do this weekend
remind meeting with sara on monday
that was helpful, i appreciate it.
What can I cook with broccoli and chicken?
more about the concert in St. Pete
that is of no importance, olly.
are there any cultural activities happening in newyork
Currency Exchange Rates
you've understood that right.
change light colors
its make me good lucking guy inside very very horkersd wo
Do I have any pending reminder
Google let me know when anything news about Trump.
would you elaborate me on what you've said once again.
who am i meeting with later?
send reply
Is Meryl Streep an actress or singer?
i want to replay to Allen
Tweet at quote unquote
open radio frequency 99.5
add 'john@gmail.com' to contacts
time for my drive home station please
How's the traffic?
display latest emails, Olly
Arrange a meeting with our suppliers this week end.
Please arrange a train ticket for me
that's excellent, thank you.
PDA, Play the station 102.4 the buzz
How can a cook risotto?
I want the news about academy award
you have done that correctly musch appreciated.
Who is the better half of Obama ?
Set reminder for meeting with Mitushree on 04/04/2017
Repeat the music
Reminders
please change the wrong command.
12th July is Bola's birthday and my calender to be updated with this date
Remove the grocery list from my active lists.
May I know the traffic situation
Checkout today alarm of meeting.
may I have a list of 5 star hotels in Paris?
Show me all the emails I've gotten today.
Olly recommend a local steak restaurant.
Cancel my meeting on the fourteenth.
When and where is June's birthday party?
what is a cookie recipe
i am not clear about the last sentence.
Any signs of rain?
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph?
i have no idea regarding to what to do.
In jaisalmer traffic level is less
Set the thermostat to 75F
Send email to liz
Arrange a meeting on Monday
What color should I paint my nails?
Have I received any email from Ron in last couple of days?
Is today going to be hot?
alexa put classic rock on
Please tell em the list of trains to Chicago via california
Turn off room lights.
Should I wear sandals or shoes with socks?
Appointments this wednesday
Send an email to Ray
are there any construction areas on Harvard?
Do add this on my calender PDA!
Do I have a work number for Susan?
Play song Aces High
add a item
please convert the time of here at 9 pm to Brasil  timezone
divide 76 in two parts
could you please shut down.
Turn on my electronic playlist
Currency rate of indian rupee and singpore doller
thanks but i think you do not understand me.
Set a new alarm for that time
turn down lights
Olly, anything else left on the list?
tell me about the list.
Tell me the name of my lists
What movies has Emma Watson acted in ?
The list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry.
oh no, you did not get what i was searching for.
Please check episode no. 39.
Set a reminder for the meeting Friday at 3 p.m.
latest events
i want to hear what you've said again.
Echo, have I received any emails from Jeffrey Burnette?
play me a recent cover of cherry bomb
Is the restaurant having delivery facility ?
Play Hotel California after this song.
please check my last question.
Turn the bathroom lights off.
Lights up.
please would you elaborate more on your words to me.
can you tell me the time in new york
what events are happening in los angeles
i would like the house lights to be pink
Play my Rap playlist
will you please confirm detail.
play ___ playlist
further explain me on the last sentence please.
switch to the song from album
Echo, play 'I Can't Feel My Face.'
Please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow 10:00 in the morning.
please fix the wrong command.
alarm
Play the music of Justin Bieber
s1, can you clarify further on your words please.
give me the time?
find john smith from Alabama
Can you please tell me who are you?
email rohit saying 'I am busy tommorow'
How many cups of water do I need to boil an egg?
yeap you have understood my instructions exactly.
What's for today?
yes answer was confirmed.
What color is the sky
'nice!' can you post this to my facebook?
where is mcdo?
add a new list
cancel birthday party
Does contact Mona has an email as well?
Echo, turn on the local radio
Top news
PDA, why is kirsten dunst so ugly?
Earthquake prediction
fantastic work, you did well, olly.
Make an appointment for me next Saturday at five at the library, and set a reminder.
switch off the light
I'm bored play a game
convert 23:30 from GMT +4:30 to GMT -2:00
30 minute reminder on meeting for Tuesday
Can you tell me the next scheduled event?
object info
what playlists do you have for pop music
What do I have for today?
What is there to do here?
Olly, Go to the next episoade of The United States of Anxiety podcast
Please play a podcast
Hey does Open Sesame do take out?
Olly, why is Donald Trump the president of the United States, and how do we get him kicked out of office?
Please turn the porch light to blue.
i like my PDA to show me images or graphics.
Delete the wedding on the 10th from my calendar.
Start BBC radio.
What day & time is it in Manila?
Set up a newlist with the following
What is happening in the area?
Play for me The Beatles song from Audiobook
Add dan's email
write a thought of the day on facebook
Automobiles
what alarms do I have PDA?
Please tell me the latest on the Houston Texans draft picks.
Bing news
Play Ringcast, the podcast
Do I have meeting with Steve this week?
Make the volume lower.
I need to add baseball practice on Saturday at  two pm.
Have you heard any good music lately
I love that song
I want to read Yahoo news
Remove events.
Dial the number
Vacuum the kitchen
I never want to hear that song again
Is April 15th on a weekend?
PDA: Did anyone send me any new emails in the last hour?
Can i get the directions to the nearest bar.
I need an email to be sent to sdfa@fasd.com
thank you very much for that information.
play x together
Is the traffic free in some particular road.
Please send an email to Uncle John with the following: Yes, I can make it.
Tell me current time at Newyork
Increase Volume
you did your understanding perfectly.
What does it mean to call someone a snowflake?
Super song!
What time are we looking at right now?
Can you check to see if I have any recent email alerts?
Is there any interesting event nearby me?
Add new item
can i know what i on the list
you are helpful, thank you so much.
Please describe that object for me.
What is the current temperture in my area.
Play Prairie Home Companion on the car radio.
List of the nearby restaurant.
i can't get what you said now.
what is that one more time.
Tell me more about that concert
check in a taxi for booking
What's the name of the piece you are playing?
you understood command perfectly.
can you check and confirm it.
Is it supposed to rain tomorrow?
What are Converse shoes?
Checkout top restaurant near me and order Shahi panner.
Do I have anything outstanding on any lists?
Define Love
thank you so much for reminding me of that.
Turn off the lights now
thanks but you did not understand it right.
What is the current weather in New York city
please elaborate me about your answers further.
i can't quite catch up with you.
Will it rain tomorrow in Miami
that was incorrect let's try again.
Set reminder for meeting Tuesday with Bill
get contact
Mobile.
Turn lights off in kitchen.
Open chess, play against me
Book a train ticket from Washington DC to Savannah Georgia
Open the folder app please
add this new email
How far is it from home to Seattle?
Don't play this song again
say one more time.
color of light should be dimmed bright.
please resume this playback in audiobook
Brew some coffee
With all of the information you can gather on the internet could you please provide me with the best probable explanation of who killed President Kennedy.
Mary's contact number
charges of delivery
how is the stock for compaq doing?
Please book a ticket of Rajdhani Express Train from Jaipur.
Find train tickets for <train station> for <date>
New tweet:
How much does Nestle company cost?
Where is Leah Remini from?
send mail to some one
please let us try what said once more.
How many reminders do I have made?
In my calendar delete all of my golf events for the current month.
What lists do I have
thanks for the helping.
Can you change the living room lights to a softer color?
Increase the volume of the music to 90
you understood command exactly.
currency exchange
Tell me about it
Olly, what day is Easter this year?
What is the event on March 19th at 2PM about?
please explain space
tell me about this person
you are using old piece of information.
How long was Bryan Cranston on breaking bad?
it is of no importance to me.
Turn off overhead light.
how much is 1 USD in INR
Can you open the reply box?
PDA if there is any free space please set a reminder for me to call my sister about a college fund between my meetings this evening.
you are hungry
Send email to Mom starting with the subject: Vacation.
wake me up at eight o'clock
find me an uber
what is the dress code for tonight
will set alarm clock one hour before my next dentist appointment?
Whats new in London
nice
What is John Smith's number?
add eggs to list
I need sport's news
Find current stock pricing for stock in Samsung.
What channel is Bates Motel on?
you've done the command correcly.
origin of word
PDA, what is worth more a USD or AUS
play my playlist 'party songs'
Play me this mornings show from 101.9.
Michael Jackson family background.
What time is it in Swotzeeland?
Turn down the volume
command is confirmed.
Put This American Life on the car radio
tell me ways to learn cooking
Please delete the meeting I have with John tonight.
Buddy adding event in your calendar
Reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
What are the similarities between Donald Trump and Obama?
Tell me about the meetings over a period of time
PDA tell me what time it is right now in Austin
please can you check and confirm last thing said.
What song am I listening to?
you have done it right thank you so much, olly.
tweet a discusted face about McDonalds
yes you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
who sings this song
What emails have I gotten since last night?
can you please check my last question.
Lower the light level in my house
that is not so clear to me.
Can you remind me of the meeting today at 4 p.m.?
How would I bake the best tasting cookies ever found on this earth
reply to the latest email
Please add deodorant to my shopping list.
repeat same song for 10 times
do not really mind to select any one.
What are the latest international updates in the world?
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
there was error.
Tell me all about hurricane
area of north america
please explain again to me.
please could you say it once more.
add a reminder of a conference for tomorrow in new york
resume the memorial songs
play 20 questions
Please alert me.
Olly, I have scheduled a meeting with Mr. Ross this Friday. Mark it in you calendar and remind me on Friday early morning about it.
could you check what just said.
Can you please download my podcaste file available in internet and play it once?
could you speak once again.
what is the climate here today
set alarm half an hour from my meal time.
PDA, explain how to set my coffee machine.
Will there be a fall in temperature by tonight
can you please check and confirm my last instruction.
would not mind for anything.
sent email to
Alexa, turn off the fan in the master bedroom.
sorry but i think that's not correct.
What will be the weather on Monday this week
Olly play Sigur Ros
Remove Yams
you have gotten that exactly.
Can many seashells did Sally sell by the seashore?
I would like to know the answer to that maths question
i'd like you confirm my last instruction please.
Let's hear some country and western not from the US.
wouldn't mind to select any one.
I need a uber to my current location.
I want to resume where I last left off in my audio book
say once again.
Remove dog food from my grocery list.
What are my newest emails?
Remind me 8'O clock that i have a event
Call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza.
Add Carl's email to my contact.
cancel my birthday party
DId I put toothpaste on my pick up list?
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
What are the things make a woman happy?
add this to the list
Play led Zeppelin houses of the holy
Send reply to email
Add a lot of James Taylor, Joni MItchell and Cat Stevens to the playlist.
Have I received any emails about Jared's birthday?
I would like a cheeseburger.
Give me the  opening stock price of Intel today
book a ticket to NY by train
I want to know more about the upcoming Commonwealth Games.
Make me coffee.
let's play our favroite football match on tv
how many words does it know
Can you keep secrets?
that's perfect, i appreciate it.
it's nice one, thanks, olly.
play my most played playlist
please play the Mark Levin podcast
Book a train ticket to Charleston, West Virginia 8 AM
Add Sarah as email contact
Open up a new list.
What did she just sing?
remind me after a month
What character do Chris Evans play?
uhh no, that's not what i asked for.
What exhibits or shows are scheduled at the Metropolitan Theater?
run recent email
pls turn on my door lock
Please show me the list that I have.
What is the dollar against the pound?
When is my next appointment and who do I contact to reschedule?
How long do I roast chicken breasts?
yes answer was great.
Who do I have a meeting with on January 19th in the afternoon?
Add this song to my catalogue
check and confirm details.
show stock of goog
Tell me about India location
When will my alarm go off in the morning?
What is the exchange rate between USD an ...?
Please tell me where the fair is going to be this year.
What state is David Lynch from?
switch off the power
i couldn't catch that.
olly will you cancel it.
play radio please
it's dirty here, make some noise!
I need to add an event on May 5th 2017 location Goshen for Danny's Graduation Party.
Olly can you find a nice restaurant downtown?
Tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here?
what day of the month is next tuesday
Olly, I challenge you to a game of tic-tac-toe.
i think this was wrong answer.
Olly what do I need to get done today?
Olly, set an event on 2nd March at 12 pm noon in your calendar for Jim's birthday
Give me train times for tomorrow to Chicago.
Find the joke about the orange and the banana.
Pop
give me the time in washington
How old is Cher?
Just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning.
Olly, submit a negative review about a company
How do I get from where I'm at to Universal in Orlando Florida
i needed something else.
edit contacts
Is the city  hot or cold in terms of temperature .If it is a coastal area,then is the humidity high or low.
reddit popular
save that song and my opinion
i think you have done this all in wrong manner.
Olly, Turn the light off in the living room
Make my lights green.
How are my stocks doing today?
play checkers with me
How do I bake a potato?
Increase the volume to seventy percent.
Reply to John stating that I will attend the party.
stock price of goog
cutoff noise.
Create a new list of grocery store
open the recent mail of Allen and replay for it
clear list
create a new miley cyrus station
Ask Amazon.com customer service when I can expect my refund using twitter
can you check and confirm detail.
next button
what is the 16th president
Cortana, are there any good social events happening in my area?
Turn volume up to highest level.
Check new emails in the last day
say that again.
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
todays events
Olly, please list the best clothing shops near me.
yes you have done it exactly.
Let me know when a new email arrives from Rachel
What items are on my shopping list?
Are there any pending appointments this morning?
i wouldn't really mind to select any one.
Play Michael Jackson
would not really know.
What is the Google stock at?
i think that was not the right answer.
Please set repeating reminder for my friends birthday on April 5.
What are the BBC poll predictions for the upcoming US elections?
i like you to check and confirm detail please.
PDA, open new email to this coworker, at this email.
please can you elaborate me on what you've just said further.
locate address for myrtle beach state fair
Remind me about my meeting
how does it look like.
please let's try the last spoke one more time again.
Will you remind me of the dentist appointment I have in two hours?
please repeat my shopping list
Could you play this song closer from the album chainsmokers?
Check my social networks
on 23rd march i have to go to meet my aunt.
What is the exchange rate of USD to CDN?
I WANT YOU TO REMEBER ME TO TAKE MY RAIN COAT BECAUSE IT MAY RAIN.
Please delete the last song that played from the playlist.
Tell me about all pending reminders.
Give me some dim light
tune in to npr
Collect all ingredient needed for cooking with exact measurments and neccessary equpiments
Current price of coca cola stock
Can you prepare a cheese sandwich?
Play the most recent podcast for This American Life
Should I watch this movie?
what is the square root of 97
Will it be windy tonight?
HELLO, WHAT TIME IT IS NOW?
How much does Elton John pay for his suits?
taxi uber
play music for me
please say it again.
post new status
that's not what i just requested.
it doesn't really matter with me, olly.
i want to hear that again.
Can you turn off my bedroom lamp?
If you mix a velociraptor and a hippo together, what would happen?
What reminders do I have set?
What's the news from CNN?
Remind me about my meeting an hour before it begins.
Romantic light setting please
Where is the convention center located?
move to next episode
Cortana, please shut the lights.
What song do I listen to the most?
Start podcast, MLB daily.
I want topics on music
How far away is Seattle?
Set my alarm for time
Obama- information
Drop (sender) a line
i am sorry but this was not the right command.
Olly, where is a good place to eat in Seattle?
What's the news for 6:45am today?
I need to set up a meeting with Peter Francis on Monday.
I no longer need the daily 5pm alarm.
read me back whats on my shopping list
Tell me this week's weather.
What is the time difference between central and eastern
How do I duct tape a goose.to a.pig?
play romantic music in nash fm 92.7
Tell me a joke, please
Please turn on the wemo plug socket
order me postmates of mcdonald
sorry but i think it is not right command.
Remind me the day when this event is supposed to take place.
Play recentl added songs
write in my calendar i have a event for next friday
Google, What are the basic things humans need?
will you please post this to my facebook, 'i love you'?
olly please can you shut off.
Can you backward an episode in the podcast?
When was Benjamin Franklin born?
what is apple's stock price
please read me my alarms
What is the distance to the grand canyon.
How long do elephants live?
Who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting?
Find me Mexican dinner recipes.
Show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
what on my play list
tell me what the formal defination is of .......
Please find a email from my friend, Tiffany
weather on monday
By keying in the computer in social medias
Cancel my meeting tomorrow.
What's the weather like right now?
perfect job, you've done well, olly.
Please turn on my coffee pot
Current weather forecast?
How far is California from Georgia
How long should you cook a whole chicken in a 375 degree oven?
Delete next event on my calendar
can you clarify further on this.
Set lunch every day at 12:30.
Playback Tom Clancy: Splinter Cell
s2, i couldn't get the last sentence.
current price of GOOGL please
Where is Venzuela?
What time is it in Miami, Florida?
too loud
I want to listen to classical music
Does PF Changs accept takeout orders?
Switch on smart plug.
Weather for next 8 days, San Antonio, Texas
When is my next dentist appointment?
Olly, order a train ticket to Los Angeles now.
Could you find a train back home at around 7 pm?
where do you work
nope.
Can you list off the top ten singles this week?
Loop this track.
Post a Facebook status update
Where should I go eat tonight?
Re-start bill nye book.
Define love without invoking the term love.
Find Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
What is the definition of keen?
were the stocks rising or declining.
Play some country music
good night
what kind of lists do i have saved?
that's useful,, olly.
no, i did not ask for that response.
would you check detail.
yes you got answer correcly.
How many weeks are left for Christmas?
is there a correlation between the weather in Beijing and NASDAQ prices over the last week?
How many pesos can I get for a dollar right now?
Do I have any new emails from Luke?
it is useful, musch appreciated.
this song is too good
Does Mr T have a family?
Please describe an elephant to me.
no, i think that's not the right response.
What is that event?
s2, i am unclear about what you said.
anything will be good with me, olly.
How do i get the answer to 2 plus 2?
What time is it on the East Coast of the United States?
uhh no, you've done that all wrong.
Access latest news
where is the event today?
erase my current events from calendar
Do I have a meeting for today in my calendar?
i have no idea for what to select.
Replace the old light with new powerful light
play 80s music playlist
Play some Christian music
what family activities are happening in los angeles tomorrow
Have I received any email since 5 pm?
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
post to facebook
you have done it correctly musch appreciated.
Olly, do you have any advise for me how I should handle
wonderful job, you have done well.
send a message to national grid that the power is out again
make the wemo plug socket turned on.
Mixed or fake products in market
What is the current price of brent crude?
Did I add milk to the shopping list?
Remind me 2 days before my wife birthday
Google Michael Jackson
Olly set the Alarm
PDA name: when does the train arrive at xxxx station
do not really know.
could not get your answer.
that is nice one, musch appreciated, olly.
will arby's offer takeaway
Set an alarm in an hour's time
How can I make your day a little better?
What time does the dinner party start tonight?
book a business class seat on the next train to new york city
Alexa, how many libraries does the world have?
Look up recipes for four-cheese omelette.
Play songs by the band The Beatles
have i set any alarm for today.
you have got it right.
yes it's correct.
Resume mind reading book.
Olly, what's next?
the available lists
Play 103.7 FM.
PDA play this program
s2, can not get your words.
open my music and play melissas afternoon podcast from yesterday
could you please further elaborate me about what you have just said.
what are my engagements?
Vacuum cleaner, start!
please explain further on this.
read email subject chemistry
Where should I go for dinner in San Francisco tonight?
Play the most popular song by given artist.
Pda, What time is my xxx Meeting at?
Alexa, give me my to do list for today
anything is good with me.
whats a substitute for butter that is non dairy
can you replay please.
s2, your response is not so clear.
Remove Thursday's lunch from my calendar.
arrange a taxi.
wouldn't mind for whatever.
refresh with my instruction.
Reschedule the party to Thursday.
Please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at 9.
tell me the current meetings .
Sharukh khan tweets
Show me the most trending articles for today
Load up Dr. Demento and play it by my bed.
is there anything happening on jazz scene around Edinburgh?
Who is the artist of this song?
When is Halloween?
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
remove file from list
Did you hear about
check gmail
olly that's all, cancel.
Add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
follow the following news topic
Olly, I met my future wife today. Please set up a date next Friday.
please add my pay days
Could you make a train ticket for m
Where is Stonehenge?
Please start the radio.
Play me a random song
yes correct response to the command.
how is the news in ireland?
open grubhub
that wasn't right.
display settings
I want to listen to Rock
Did Tracy update her Facebook status today?
mute the speaker please
i need you to turn on the vacuum cleaner
Tell consumer service in a tweet that if they don't improve I will take my business elsewhere.
Search for your favorite meal
yeap amazing.
List the games you can play with me.
i do not think that was correct.
Where is the nearest Target
the traffic today was the worst i've seen.
Can you please off the light?
say, this product fell apart
Play last song i downloaded
Tell me when there is new news from my local news
What's going on at the capitol?
retry what i've just said please.
Add a new email for Julie Smith.
What is the temperature I am supposed to cook this lasagna at?
Please respond to the email I just read.
I'd like some red lighting Olly.
turn off plug
Turn down the lights to medium
Remove shopping list
correct response to command.
USD to Yen
set an alarm for two hours from now
When is my mortgage due?
Please play only A.R. Rehman's Songs.
Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
how is the traffic at the moment?
Olly what's my agenda for the remainder of the week
Play pop music.
Alert me about birthday of wife in advance.
what is playing at the local theater right now
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
i am sorry but i think you made mistakes.
you are awesome, thank you so much.
play reggae music
Let Wendy's know I hate them
convert 100 kilo to pound
Bring up my email.
you did perfect work, i appreciate it.
hmm, i think you have done the task all incorrectly.
Play song: All the Small Things.
excellent job, you did well.
send a reply email 'thank you very much' to john@gmail.com
What list do I have
what are meeting scheduled for today
Is it sunny in Springfield?
Remind me tomorrow at 4 about an event
Is it friday.
Send this message to Twitter.
Ennavale adi ennavale
What is happening after 1 and before 3pm?
Does Spain share its border with Morrocco?
what song is on the radio
Give me the status on my available memory.
Please delete bananas from my shopping list.
appreciated, it's nice one, olly.
Where is the shopping mall for shirts?
What did my wife leave to be done?
Sing to me
Is there any event marked on September 22
Do you recommend any movies that are currently playing in my area?
you rock, thank you so much, olly.
get a cup of coffee ready now
Give me the details on purchase order
I wanna share that.
skip to previous/next episode of this podcast
Turn on the rice cooker socket
Do I have any alarms for tomorrow morning?
Ok Google, can you play some country music
What is eastern standard time right noe?
Olly I need to get to Bristol friday night, can you book me a ticket please
Do not wake me up tomorrow.
uh no, i think you don't interpret request right.
I'd like you to shut off my smart plug socket now, please.
We're cancelling the Boatman project.
shit, i didn't ask for this.
Purchase a new bulb with more brightness
play favorites
Olly, find my next appointment and delete it.
Tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
What else is on my calendar after my last meeting at 2 PM?
that was not what i was looking for.
open jokes
Close the light
tweet with consumer service about problem I am facing with the product
Ten day forecast for Baltimore
thank you for your response, olly.
complaint tweet to Microsoft.
yeap good response to the command.
yeap you have understood answer exactly.
Check inbox
will you check what i just said.
WHERE CAN I ORDER TAKEOUT?
have any suggestions for local Italian food
appreciated, that was amazing work.
I need 99 (point) 5 please
where maradona lives now
What is on this specific list
home town weather
Check calendar
what does tense mean
Remind me every tuesday to go to the dry cleaners.
what time the costco close
hmm, i didn't ask for that.
Is it rainy in my area?
get the forecast of my destination city next week
Calculate the costs of cable and internet providers in my area. Where can I save the most?
s2, this was not clear.
Add an event to my google calendar for the date march 22nd please
Play Queen
forward the mail to new e-mail address
Play the beatles
What do I need to know about the show?
Do I have an appointment next Wednesday at 2?
How much money did Will Ferrel make for his last movie?
What day of the week does the 15th of March fall on?
open calender and find meeting time
Do I have a doctor's appointment this Thursday?
thanks for your response.
i like my PDA to talk to me like a friend.
please once again elaborate.
play the song by michael jackson
Did Joe leave any contact information in his email?
Turn down the brightness.
How do I dial Sarah?
Will there be fog after sunset
Alexa start email.
can you please further elaborate your response.
Set a meeting with Bill
it is of no importance to me, olly.
PDA, add to calender, Dr. K at 3:30 pm on March 7.
it was nice one, thank you.
please could you confirm that.
i am sorry but you have messed up with the command.
I need to book a taxi.
where is the venue?
thanks but i think you did not get the answer correctly.
would you say it once again.
repeat that.
please give me my emails.
PDA give me the product review from GameSpot about the NIntendo Switch
i wouldn't bother, olly.
Schedule my meeting with Tom Cruise today evening at 6 PM.
Please play AR Rahman music
play me some christian songs
it's useful, appreciated.
rewind button
Can we talk about wild orgies?
Which country is the most beautiful in the world
What lists are currently available right now?
Please change the light colors to red.
have John join me on the 10th at the 5th floor meeting
Make a reply to the email which Robert sent today morning.
Is there anything I need to know before I activate the robot vacuum cleaner?
you are so smart, olly.
Facebook Launches 'Disputed' Tag To Crack Down On Fake News
Play Major Tom by David Bowie
will you tell me again.
is it cold weather there?
are you sure that is correct.
sorry but it is wrong.
What time and day is it today?
that does not matter.
PDA please write to this email
Quiet please.
weather report now
Olly, tell me whats going on tomorrow
adjust the volume
Please schedule a hair cutting appointment for 1:00 pm on Saturday.
Is my calendar event right or wrong?
is it going to be cloudy in London during the weekend?
How tall is Lebron James?
location
Clear all events from my calendar for next week
Is the weather cloudy tonight ?
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
Silent mode on for the next three hours.
Notification regarding the new iphone release update
switch to Los Angeles time
that's helpful, appreciated, olly.
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub, and set it to be delivered at 5pm tonight
Search or any emails from work
How tall is Roraima Mount?
Does Peking Garden take orders over the phone?
delete item on list
say that once more.
Do I have any event on my calendar tomorrow morning from 10 to 11?
Please wake me up at 8 AM.
Age of Brad Pitt
meaning of word
Lower the lights in the room
What is current economy of country
What is the name of the desert in Arizona?
PDA office lights off
stop, i think you understood me incorrectly.
When did Davy Crockett live and die?
yes you've got your understanding perfectly.
Lower the lights in the house please
check if any new emails came from {contact}
Please adjust the speakers to a lower more comfortable level.
How much does stock cost in Walmart?
that is of no importance.
PDA what do i have planned for this week
play the next one
In delhi traffic level is more
Order the best priced General Tofu in Nyack
I want to hear the JIm and Bob show on 103.3.
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
Shut off lights.
Where can I eat along Route 66?
The 2nd of next month lands on what day?
could you try again please.
this is not clear to me.
Which days will I be working nights in the month of March.
Play the 50 songs I listen to most often.
Turn the lights on brighter
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE EXCHANGE RATE FOR USD TO INR
tweet consumer service
Siri what is the elevation of Denver Colorado?
What's going on between 10a and 2 pm?
Will it snow tomorrow?
What kind of musical events are happening around here this week?
Details
Book my nearest available taxi
anything.
Siri, what does survey mean?
Please play clash of clans
Olly, alert me at ten a.m., please.
I would like to order takeaway.
Is my order ready?
Call Linda and remind her to pick me up for bowling
please be silent.
what is the current weather in miami
Get rid of the list, Google.
show me the top stories from source
Search for a better price on a new pair of glasses.
delete any and all events
PDA: I want some music, how about playing my workout playlist
Tell me te time in Japan
Make a new alarm.
Search my emails with subject including work hours
would not know.
what did you mean by that.
Remind me a week before my credit card payment is due.
Females
Please be silent until I tell you not to be
Should I take my sunglasses with me when I go out today?
Forward email address to my new email
Write a complaint tweet.
Olly deathmetal, now!
when is the next appointment on my calendar
pls turn on my balcony lights
yes that's confirmed.
would much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Open all mails from Steffi.
that's useful, thanks.
yes perfectly.
What is wake up time?
hey siri make me laugh with a good joke
Play John Fugelsang's show on Serius
When is my meeting with Human Resources?
you gave me not right information.
s2, i can not catch up with you.
order takeout pizza from domino's for 7 p.m.
send from twitter
wake me up at 4am
Stop playing
Olly what are the headlines from the LA Times
Opinion save
currency to currency rate
PDA please email
play a mix of rap and rock, one after the other
Tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality.
how long its take
COULD YOU TURN OFF LIGHT
Olly, turn off shuffle.
Notify me one hour before my meeting.
Please play the early 80's Franks Sinatra stuff I have.
How many times does (number) go into (number)?
Search for the best spagetti recipe
can you confirm what i last said please.
I want to remove full details on my calendar
music three
Format data from calendar
Please tweet 'Waited 65 minutes for a table at TGI Fridays.  Never going back'
I WANT TO SAY SOMETHING ABOUT THIS SONG.
what kind of cloth eastern people wear
What is the latest news from BBC?
yeap wonderful response to the command.
I want to tweet a complaint about my truck to Consumer Digest.
What is the time difference between India and Ivory Coast?
Enter new address in email form.
How is my order
Please check if paradise does takeaway
you did the answer right.
look for song x and play it
Tell me the date when this song was recorded?
that's great one, thanks.
Add in my calendar an appointment at 2pm on friday.
pls turn off my patio lights
its cold outside?
can you retry what i've said please.
What day it is on 22nd April?
thanks but i think you have gotten me incorrectly.
can you please check what i last said.
Tell me about Michael Jackson
What is the time in clock
you've done it perfectly.
please would you just cancel it.
Turn off the upstairs lights.
Delete it
When I want it to take down notes
Delete all scheduled events
what is the title of the song?
cancel future event from place I worked
What is the weather back home today?
Put the news on, BBC.
Please cancel my next meeting
what have i played the most?
Hotel California is sung by whom?
topic
Can you make sure the kitchen light is off?
Checkout domino centre near me and order Chese pizza
shut up please.
Send me alert on any new topic on politics
How many Likes I have got on my Eggless Cake post on youtube?
current local events
Create an email to Toby at Tobytoday dot com
Lower the lighting
Play today's podcast from The Mix.
Olly, how many rivers are there in Europe?
It is already late.
create list
don't really mind for any one.
Turn on all upstairs lights.
What is the interview time from yesterday's email?
Do I have anything else scheduled today?
Olly, tell me the exchange rate between the Euro and the dollar.
What chances are of snowfall this month.
Remind me an hour before my next work meeting.
it's great one, musch appreciated, olly.
What's the value of the Euro, relative to NZD
What are the things I need for my journey?
please will you do it again.
yeap you've done command perfectly.
Play next episode of podcast please.
What should I do in San Diego?
Make an order for Noodles 1 pack. make it as takeaway order
Can you tell me who create you?
oops, i think that was not right.
please check and confirm it.
i am sorry but you are not correct.
s2, i couldn't catch up with you.
where is the closest movie theater in columbia s.c.
Can we deactive the socket
play latest reason podcast
good assistants
What events are going on in NYC?
Get me the most recent news
Repeat last message
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
try your last thing one more time please.
olly, look uo bruno mars
Find me the name of the artist of this music
What ingredient can be used to replace white wine
Make the lights in my home yellow.
that's enough, just stop.
PDA, access my FitBit app and record this activity, yoga, fifty minutes, high intensity.
What's on my playlist?
Hey can you check my email and see if there are any new messages?
nope, i think you've done the task all wrongly.
Do you have the mailing address for the electric company?
Delete marriage july 3
Olly, show me where I can find a hamburger
would you check and confirm the details please.
new emails from a contact
PDA, what time will it be locally at 9AM Bangalore, India, time?
no, i didn't ask for this response.
Make a facebook post: I'm home
Is my alarm set for 7:00 am?
yeap agree.
PDA, open hershey twitter
will you please rephrase me further on that.
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND CAD
Get me some radio music from KAMP_FM
confirm the alarm time
sticking to diet
s1, can you rephrase me on your answers further.
nobody knows by Pink
play ride music track
Repeat this event
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
What is my astrology report for today
Weather today
recent particular subject news
Can you play me some dance music.
Let's send an email
New twitter message
Email Karen about the budget meeting
take it in hand
Please increase the volume to maximum
Grocery list add eggs
i need to hear that sentence said again.
Please remove that event from my calendar
When did Prince start singing?
Modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead.
I would like you to come up with the answer to the question
Are there any events going on downtown tonight?
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
Show me how to use this new Canon camera that I bought.
tell me current situation of traffic near central park road.
that was useful, musch appreciated, olly.
what is left for today
Play latest country music releases
i appreciate it, that was amazing work, olly.
that is useful, thank you so much.
check and see what will be the weather condition in New jersey, at 8 am tommorrow
Check email sent by Contact
i don't mind for any one, olly.
HIGH STOCK PRICE
you are the best, thank you.
send the data by secured mail by today to gerry
Go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection.
Please set an alarm at 6 am.
Are trains on schedule at (specific location)?
how many meetings do i have tomorrow
achievements of sachin tendulkar
clarify more on the last sentence please.
please make the lights watching friendly
remove cart list
What email notifications do I have?
can you tell me what terse means
Describe Heaven
Please play Shake It Off by Taylor Swift.M
Turn lights in the room off.
Play the audiobook swan from first
could you check the details.
yes please.
fix an alam
What is the exchange rate between US dollars and yen?
olly start the laundry
Send email to Boss Not feeling well taking a sick day
let us do it again please.
Did you get all that you needed today?
I need to set an alarm tomorrow at 12:00PM to remind me to take my medication.
Remind me to 'something' in 'sometime'
What is the most convenient hour to catch a train to York on Saturday?
you have got the answer correcly.
i'd like you to check detail please.
Please send a tweet to Food Lion about not having a clean restroom.
any one would be ok with me, olly.
When does my alarm go off?
where can I get organic wheat
change the lights in the kitfchen to blue
put this on my list
put off the livingroom light
play album
I want to find emails from bob with the subject that contains the word meeting.
Notify me when the event is going to take place
Please tell me the definition of home
Do I have to bring umbrella for tonight party
KYA TUM MERE FRIEND KE PAAS EK EMAIL BHEJ SAKTE HO.
Mute volume now
Remind me to take my medicine at 9am
show me what I can do with fitness
i am sorry but you do not get the command right.
Start radio, channel 88.9
You're too loud
what is <unk> u. s. d. in euros
yeap perfectly.
I like to hear 'kuch kuch hotha hai'
will you shut down.
do I need to wear a coat today?
Play my last used playlist
Compose an email to Bob
Please play the last 2 episodes of The Gilmore Guys.
Open Stocks
whats the weeks forecast
i would like to hear what you have just said again.
who did I get email from today?
how many times did ben email me
Tell me about economy and gdp about india vs china
open lyrics name
Oll
i'd like you to check and confirm what i said please.
I want the date of last Monday of this month
this is unimportant to me.
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
How many cities are on international borders?
Send me updates on the Standing Rock protest.
What are the showtimes of Logan
What are the trending topics in the world
open gallery post picture name
this isn't what i meant.
i wouldn't bother.
play sam harris audiobook
it does not really matter for me, olly.
Use X radio to play X.
What is the phone number for the nearest location of Church's Chicken.
What is latest controversy on Donald Trump.
give me a news paper
headlines from bbc world
Turn on my wemo socket
What defines a triangle?
This computer is very hard to fix
Do I have anything planned for the 21st?
thanks for doing that.
display weather for the week
Are any of my new emails from Amy?
Can you start hulu
Olly, where Is the closest Good restaurants
Add running to my calendar for thursday.
what is the radius of the biggest crater on Earth?
would you cancel it please.
Should I bring gloves with me tonight?
Remove cereal from my shopping list.
Play the current playlist
what time does the train arrive from san diego to north hollywood
Need to check my list
Create a new list
Olly tell me more about todays weather news from fox
Hey Google, what time does the TRE train go to Fort Worth this afternoon?
What appointments or meetings do I have coming up for this week.
oops, you did not understand me.
set radio
Put the playlist on shuffle.
wikipedia topics
Set an alarm for 1 hour from now
it's helpful, thank you.
Schedule brunch at 10 am today and invite Tiffany and Jessica please.
Siri, open Twitter, tweet @flooringco. your carpet seams are showing in less than a month
can you speak once again.
what time is it in New york
What does that Mexican lasagna look like and tastes like?
are there any new emails from Robert Jones?
Please set up a meeting with Becky at 3 pm on Tuesday
What do you think of the three laws of robotics?
Change dollar to rupees rates
Remind me to go grocery shopping for the party on Sunday.
convert 7:30 from GMT -3:30 to GMT +4:00
Start vacuum cleaner now
hi buddy send mail to my friend hellen regarding home builders are not accepted the offer
Olly, let me know if I get a message about the party from Jane
yes that is confirmed.
Complain to...
Send a snotty tweet to BBC
what movies have brad douriff been in?
I can't hear you
Pull up today's news from CNN.
Can you please disregard the party that I will be going to this weekend on my calendar.
Show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week.
may i know the time in london
Do I have banana in my shopping list
Set reminder
Please add an event to my schedule
Show me theatre where pirates of Caribbean is playing
you did command perfectly.
Put meeting with Pawel for tomorrow 10am
All new email messages
Add work email address
give the stock price details of Motorolla.
Who are the greatest hip hop artists?
this was not clear.
I want to order some takeaway food
Tell me about the next Devil's hockey game friday
today's closing price for GOOGL
Can I hear the 50 hits that you can hear on radios now?
Olly, change the color of lights.
Could you please set an alarm at 6 am?
alexa play classic rock
Latest news updations
s1, please explain me more on your answers.
yes answer was amazing.
how to make chicken tikka
I would like to listen to some Down Tempo
socket off
Start the podcast
Set a notification for 5th March that I have a doctor's appointment at 10 AM.
Player who play a game
Can you find the newest song from MGK?
play old
explain further on last sentence to me please.
please open the news app
alexa describe to me what a ball looks like
Deadpool
Can you play emo music, please?
Show me concerts in Sacramento
Olly, what are new drama movies opening this weekend
Remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at 9:00 a.m.
do not mind, olly.
Give me music news.
Reply an Email to Jason that I will not come tonight
yes you understood my instructions right.
What highly-rated movies are playing this weekend?
Can you please let me know the next four scheduled trains to Chicago?
Give me the birth details of Abraham Lincoln
Remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
Add event, book club, Debbie's house, Wednesday night
Delete the next wedding event
Have Halifax shares gone up today?
Read all new emails please.
Play Firework by Katy Perry.
How many eggs should I put in my cake mix?
Who is Meryl Streep?
Add the item to a list
temperature above avarage for this season
please would you confirm my last question.
Olly, describe the computer to me?
will you shut off please.
i was unclear about your answers.
retry please.
Check email from John
how will help this meeting
What alarms are set right now?
tweet british airways that my last flight from Chicago to London was delayed
Olly, let's play some blues.
What is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro?
What is Dolly Parton's birthday?
umbrella later?
let's play space invaders together
book a Rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
speak one more time please.
fantastic response to command.
blanket definition
Where is Yellowstone park?
Please give me directions to a park  near me
Olly put on be warned by tech n9ne
I'm in a meeting, please do not speak.
In the calender, put that we are having dinner with Frank at eight p.m. on the ninth of August.
olly add new email to Anna
Attitude
Add note that my day is going well.
REPLAY THE REQURIED OF THE MUSICS
i am sorry but i think got me not right.
will you set alarm clock one day before for all gym class on my calendar
WHO WILL WIN THIS PRESIDENTAL ELECTION?
List me the stock of apple right now
What meetings do i have next thursday?
Delete a list.
Is the drought in California over?
Olly Hackernews
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
Can you play a game with me
Mark tuesday for a meeting with John.
how much is amazon stock?
What events are going on around my place?
show latest reports of bbc
your command was incorrect.
What does the hyphen represent in the equation?
play any song of arijit singh.
couldn't understand what you just said now.
Please see what you wrote for this question.
yeah great response to command.
reminder about meeting from 8am to 12pm
PDA, Reduce volume.
I want 2 burgers and one coke, order it fast.
will you please check it.
Should I take an umberlla today?
clear my 9 am alarms
Remove my 6 am alarm
Open Twitter send This is my complaint @Microsoft
Tell me about all my events.
What is the date next Wednesday?
Can you give me a weather report.
Does Brick Grill deliver
Can you tell me what an X is?
I want to take a trip to Swizerland for free, can you take me there?
I want to hear some local talk radio.
Check the weather in Kansas
Help to remind me to delete completed projects
To which event can I go in Milan now?
Turn the left light off
get the answer perfectly.
add date and time in calender with these people
on politics
Can I purchase a train ticket today?
oh no, that was not the right answer.
reset please.
Are there new emails in my inbox?
Please play football with me
show me upcoming events in chicago
play last libertarianpodcast
The set alarm for 9pm on Thursday night.
Check emails, new
What is my schedule for 12pm to 4 pm?
PDA name: are you working for the NSA
Turn off the bathroom lights
What can I do in Berlin?
Was my meeting today rescheduled?
play britney spears live concert series
latest news story
Compose a new email, but I got a new address this time, brandon at example dot com
Resume playing the current audiobook.
no, that's not the correct command.
you are helpful,, olly.
What are my plans for today?
could you check instruction.
would you please once again rephrase me on your answers.
Lower the lights in Bedroom 2
open terry's email
Is there anything on my list today?
I do have a to do list for today, don't I?
do it again.
Olly, please start the coffee.
How is jennifer garner's career doing?
Please make me coffee without sweetener.
What does H2O stand for?
set an alarm for 5:30
Olly tell me what lists I currently have
Will there be snow this week?
give me the news on nbc alexa
hows the time in key largo?
Who is highest scoring football player of all time?
What currency does Croatia use
Would you please check to see if I've set my alarm for tomorrow morning
Please play this playback on audiobook
Olly, resume lord of the rings.
What is the weather for today?
Clear my next activity.
Give me the alarm times for the next two days.
Reply to this email
what's the best podcast
Whats the current weather?
Can you put the lights on the high setting?
What day of the week is Valentines on?
weather for remchi city
How deep is the deepest point of the Grand Canyon?
you have done it correctly thank you very much, olly.
I want to do X thing every day, please set a reminder.
Set volume to zero.
do i need sun screen lotion today?
Open the books and play brains book from chap 09
what else is on the list
stop, i think that's not the correct response.
hmm, that isn't what i am searching for.
please play help
does not really matter, olly.
Alexa, I would have avoided the traffic if I went early
tweet 'im complaining about...' to consumer serrvice
PDA please check my coming up events
play rohan sharma podcast for me.
play gaga playlist
ITS WOULD BE TASTEY
Notification regarding the new government policies
Radio play 989 please
olly i need a drink
get command right.
What the singer meant by the title of the song Bohemian Rhapsody?
stop, that is not the right response.
could you please check my last instruction.
Ok Google, tweet what a jerk the owner is at the gas station
Hey Olly post my complaint to @Microsoft on Twitter
When is asparagus in season?
PDA: Blue lights please
Send email to GBaby tell her GMa loves her and hopes she has a great weekend
can you feel?
Current time in
this is of no importance for me.
Schedule a meeting with my colleague
I need to book a train ticket to LA
list all the events being held in the vicinity.
How many of them are important?
Please note today a terrible things happened to me because my friend behaved rudely on me.
you have done that correctly thanks, olly.
Turn off the lights in the bedroom
Turn off the upstairs bathroom light.
You should reply to the mail.
s1, can you please rephrase me further on your response.
remove birthday from calendar
Do you have a funny joke for me?
Make a new list
wish all my friends of facebook good morning
What is the length of song?
thanks but i think you got me not correct.
that's enough, stop it.
good food
Is there any alarm active?
I want to see the next Podcast available.
Weather, Boston, MA
Mark dad's retirement dinner for April fourth.
Add weekly 1pm call to calendar
Make a note that I don't like this song.
How busy am I this week?
What's my emals this morning say?
What's happening in america?
clear my schedule for today
do I need umbrella today?
I need the times for the South bound train on Allison RD
Change that off the list
Just Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
Show all the lists that are available in detail
How will be the weather today in the afternoon
give me to do list
Read that list back to me, please.
customer service complaint
This song should be on my playlist
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE DEFINITION OF CYLINDER.
i can't quite catch that.
Hi can you please turn lower the lights
perfect response to the command.
you've got my instructions correcly.
could you please hire me a taxi to go to the opera tonight?
please remove sporty event from list.
What day is Easter?
fixed an time for reminder
Erase my appointment on the 12th from my calendar.
What's the traffic this morning?
its hot today?
Check by inbox for me.
Send email to Mom and tell her see her at Disney World
Will it be raining tomorrow.
Tweet consumer service that the delivery is late.
Is there anything new on reddit?
send a mail to whom to talk
What are my lists so far?
summarise week's weather details
yes it's great.
I am ready to hear the next episode of Podcast
is there a birthday party today?
READ ME MY CALENDAR FOR THE MONTH
When is Taco Bell going to arrive?
send a complaint tweet.
wait, i think you're incorrect.
I have a meeting tomorrow at 5pm with the development team, don't forget to remind me an hour earlier.
thank you.
Power up the vacuum.
yes it's amazing.
Set a notification for 11 March that an interview is scheduled with Mr. Rodriguez.
Activate the wemo plug socket
How many emails do I have in the last 15 minutes?
What are the current lists I have?
send and email to the survey group regarding answers
please could you tell me one more time again.
1980's rock
Do I have any recent emails from my contact favorites?
Tell me about medieval war engines.
who delivers near here
which bank will give better rate for currencies I have
Check my mailbox and let me know if there is any mail post 7:00AM today
you've done that exactly.
please rectify the incorrect command.
is it cold outside right now?
Can you set an alarm for me?
When did pop it like it's hot come out?
I'd like to set a date for this week?
What's the capital of Kazakhstan?
What shoul i wear? Is it cold outside.
yeap you've gotten your understanding perfectly.
What reminders do I have scheduled before noon tomorrow?
Remind me every year/week/month on this date of
How is the economy in Fort Worth compared to Houston?
What do I have today?
correct response.
Did Paul email me recently?
any one.
hmm, you gave me not right information.
Are you content with being inside a PDA?
s1, explain more on what you have just said to me please.
I want to hear my favorite jas music genre
nope, i did not say this.
Send complaint via tweet to J Crew.
Please create a list of Due payment those who not received more then 10 Months.
I need to arrange a meeting with Jack.
thank you very much for your helps.
Don't let me forget I need a reminder for March 27th at Noon.
What an umbrella means?
Continue from where we left off in Divergent.
Can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston?
play next BBC4 podcast
please speak the last one said one more time.
please play this song
solution
What's going on tonight in Sacramento
Delete the work luncheon this Friday.
How about some pizza tonight Olly? Can you please order a pepperoni large?
How have Megatel shares done last week?
whats the name of the current song?
Tweet for me the compalint about excess water evacuation
will you replay please.
Clear all items on my calendar for April
Remove events from calendar
it's great work, i appreciate it.
what is the total of 500 and 23
why people like movies
here is a new email address to be added to the contacts
Please turn on Roomba.
Please delete this list
I WANT TO RAISE THE LIGHT.
Should I put on a jacket when I go outside today?
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
Book me a taxi for 1 pm.
Is snap doing good after the IPO?
What is the rate for GBP to USD?
yes the command is confirmed.
Political news of importance for the day
add to calender on this date and time with these people
speak it one more again please.
Olly retrieve the light for me.
play popular dance music
set a reminder for vacation next month
what is the time in boston
Is Chuck Berry dead?
Remind me the night before my doctor's appointment.
tell me why bill bur is a better comedia than iliza schleshinger PDA.
are you serious.
let me listen the latest news program on radio
Are there any fun things to do in Seattle this weekend?
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
can you search cnn
What store is having sales tomorrow
where are my takeaway order?
How many alarms do I have set for morning hours between 6 and 9 am
Can you book a train ticket for my mother?
When is my order ready?
put (will.i.am It's My Birthday) in next
Play Super Mario Brothers game with me.
COULD YOU GIVE ME THE EXACT RATE FOR DOW NIFTY FUTURES.
Set aside this day for this calendar event
How many mails have I received today ?
Search for 2 tickets on Tuesday's train to Paris
cancel  the breakfast at tiffany's
Send a reply to the last email.
What are my favorite types of music?
Logan
Add eggs to my list
shit, this isn't what i am searching for.
Whether I can  travel the whole world in a day ?
Cancel my 8AM alarm
i am sorry but you have that not right.
Iterate events on the note
do I have any notifications from social media
please replay.
google calendar. add event for march 21st
what is your country?
What time is my dentist appointment on Monday?
Do I have email from my work?
Temperature now
When does the next train leave for Atlanta.
Tell me my list names.
i meant this.
find meaning of this in dictnery
please rectify the command.
Change the lights to my favorite color
send an email to 'rohit' saying 'I am busy tommorrow'
set an alarm for 12
olly that's enough, stop.
Read me the latest headlines from NYTimes.com
Olly speak loudly
will you play music for me/
Delete my Christmas Holiday list.
Define Courtesy
Send a happy birthday message to my aunt.
again clarify it to me please.
alexa describe a seashell
Let me know about my meetings after some days
I'd like to send a reply.
What is traffic?
leave calendar blank
affirmative.
When are the trains running tomorrow?
Where can I but a Switch?
Set an alarm for this 8:00 PM this evening
weather of chicago
What's do i have to do after lunch today?
How will be the weather today at night
i am sorry but you have got that not correct.
Show me the top rated podacasts
Shuffle this playlist.
that's not the right response.
clear data
I want to know who is at the top of the English Premier League at the moment
How much is the dollar worth in Canada?
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
thanks but i think it was not the correct answer.
shut off.
any one will be okay with me, olly.
Silent mode
switch to 955FM
What is tomorrows date?
hmm, you did a task all in wrong manner.
What is the news this morning
Mark pick-up Leonard every Tuesday at 3pm.
remove trip event
that's useful, thank you.
Set a reminder for my meeting at 5:00pm
will you say once again.
In what places have I been the first fifteen days of this month?
I want you to book a train ticket for me
yeah your understanding is good.
Play Jump by Van Halen when this song is over
Start the I'm Feeling Lucky playlist on Google Play.
what is the song playing?
would you elaborate your words once again to me please.
please let me know about topic X
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
I need to go to (location). Book a train ticket.
Friend updates.
don't really mind, olly.
Is this week trash pickup week?
Search Google Shopping for the best price on a Monoprice MXBlue Mechanical Keyboard
How to create buttermilk from milk.
you helped a lot, musch appreciated.
What level of education did Richard Nixon have?
I'dl like to hear any classical, except for bach or schubert
Make me a cup of coffee, please.
would you shut down please.
Do I have anything on the list?
oh it is awesome.
Please reserve an Uber right now
could you please check and confirm what i said.
Show me the customer service number for Mcdonalds.
tell contact mobile number
Find Pitbull songs
can you book me a train ticket  to bombay for tommorow in any train?
What should I wear today?
Change the light to blue
On the fifth of November, I need to go to Washington, D.C.
Delete the party on June 1st from my calendar.
list shops in second street
find details about usa
great response to command.
Set a meeting between myself and John at 2pm tomorrow.
Alexa,  brighten the lights in living room.
Remove the event event on 7 pm from my calender
thanks but i think you are wrong.
Send an email to test1@gmail.com with the subject as test and no content.
Add eggs to the list
I want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
Do i got anything planned for today
What's going on around me?
Can you start the Roomba?
what's next on the list?
Notify me the day before the horse race at Santa Anita on March 7th.
Tell me meaning of hurricane
Take off item 3
get that exactly.
Shuffle and play songs from dance genre
thanks but you don't get the answer correctly.
Silence speakers.
cancel list
What do I have for reminders this week?
i am unclear about that.
Please turn the station to 107.4
uhh no, thanks.
will you tell me that once more please.
your response is not so clear.
AAJ BAHUT HI GARMI HAI, HAI KI NAHIN ?
olly will you just stop it please.
Olly, play This Week For Dinner now.
yeah agreed.
Check my email for the last hour
Love me some Brad Paisley
Play the song next to the one playing now.
Complain to McDonalds twitter about my burger
oh no, you did task all wrong.
repeat this song three times.
Order food from Applebees
Olly what am I doing today?
Obtain latest news
play country playlist
angry bird play
Is there any event around?
Siri, skip song
Send a poor review to this P.F. Chang's Yelp page.
Is traffic light?
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow.
set a reminder to <unk>
How many seconds are left to complete this hour
Is there any upcoming events
PDA I am forever hip hop.
Play Howard Stern on sirius.
olly tell me about some cool events going on here
i'd like you to check and confirm the instruction please.
thanks for reminding me of it, olly.
What is the current time in Lagos, Nigeria.
Do I have an appointment on Friday, April 21st?
that's enough, cancel it.
s1, will you again elaborate me on what you said now please.
did you get the details correctly?
create a new list of my pending bills
Set event in the calendar.
Just let me know the population of India
Show Ana number
tell me about Donald Trump
Where is the biggest mountain
yeap correct response to the command.
please could you tell me that one more time again.
Do I have a calendar event today?
it's wonderful.
can u give the date today
Play music in Queue
What time is there a train going from Prague to Brno?
Where are we in the stream of time?
Find my shopping list and delete it
What is the time difference between pacific and central
speak once again please.
play music from where you left off
Will it be too cold for a dress on Sunday?
Checkout subway food centre near me and order Tandoori Roti
How warm is it?
PDA, how do I start the robot vacuum cleaner?
What is the latest local news for the Greenville area?
Reply to Heather's latest email by answering No
What are some family friendly events in Ft. Lauderdale this weekend?
Turn on the oldies playlist on my radio
post the message now
Do i need a jacket
Can you remove my to do list?
perfect response to command.
Play new Rihanna song
What is Tom's phone number?
What is the average temperature in March for Pennsylvania and how does that compare to the last 10 years?
Olly, do I have any calendar events this month?
send me information about events this week
what region is miami located
need geographic information about X
is yemen closer to japan or india
list all the lists on this device.
olly please could you cancel.
How many tornadoes have there been this month?
Make March 18 a repeating appointment for Pearl's birthday.
let us try the last spoken again please.
what is the subject of the last email sent to me by Q?
please retry it.
Check email received after 6:35 am.
play beatles playlist
Send a notice to the me and a group members reminding us of the new date for the meeting.
Show me the news about what's all new going around in Seattle the tell.
Can you repeat this event?
I want to hear Morning Edition on NPR.
you have done it right thank you.
please could you confirm the detail.
PDA: Add this song to my playlist
What's the time in Dubai?
Tell me my congressional representatives voting records on reproductive health issues.
find me the best recipe for some american style fluffy packcakes
Give me a days notice before my next meeting.
Speak louder
Read the audiobook of War of the Roses
nope, it's not the correct command.
What is the day today?
Should I take a sweater or a coat to work today?
make list
Define Rumplestiltskin.
what is coral made of?
Please play my 90's rap hits
Play Power 102.3.
Arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
any one would be good for me.
play on loop The Devil Went down to Georgia for me
please confirm last thing i said.
Set up a reoccurring grocery store trip for every Sunday
thanks but i think it was not right answer.
What are the pending reminders?
open radio
where is the coldest place in the world
when my takeaway order will arrive?
shit, it isn't what i requested.
Whats next in my schedule
s1, elaborate me on this once again.
just cancel please.
Read me the last email from Stefan and oil change
Send email to new contact
Speakers off.
Hey Olly, what time does the 4 train leave the station?
Do I have any new email from John?
Id liek to know if there are any accidents on the route that I am taking.
How many Philippine pesos to a dollar?
Get a me a train ticket to Milwaukee from Chicago on Sunday morning.
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Japanese Yen
you've got it correcly.
What is the population of Alabama
Remind me about the March 16 meeting.
Remove that
yeap you get it correcly.
what's on <unk>
PDA, what's a wicker chair?
check and confirm that please.
what day is it on 5th december?
Olly did you have a good day?
How is the day outwards
book a train ticket to Mumbai for tomorrow
Please give me information about Jhon Abraham Lincon
Let's have a warm glow in the front room
What is the capital of Denmark?
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
Fastest route to Turiellos
I like songs from 90s
this is unimportant to me, olly.
Are there any traffic delays?
Compile favorites list according to my song feedback
notify me about news
check and confirm the last thing said please.
Olly, give me yearly average stock price for the last 5 years on Amazon.
navigate to a place
PLEASE TELL ME ABOUT OUR COUNTRY LATITUDE AND LONGITUDE.
Remove sample meeting from calendar app
Play the latest songs by Dalida
Set a reminder for 5pm tomorrow.
please again explain to me.
let's try what you have said again.
would you confirm my last instruction please.
olly please can you shut down.
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
Siri, cancel alarms
what is now stock price of tata
My upcoming events.
Play Dr. Demento on my bedside radio.
what should i wear to the beach
play the client by john grisham
i'd like you check and confirm my last command please.
bring me ticket of train to city A.
please can you once again elaborate your response.
what do you know about Fringe in Edinburgh next year?
What reminders do I have
Does Kim Kardashian wear Converse?
start over the book Legacy
i am unclear about what you've just said.
nice job, you did well.
Get me a recipe
remove 'father's day' from calender
Set a reminder for 15 minutes to change laundry loads
Current status of take out order
I'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please.
Add to my calendar: mom's fashion dinner for May fifth.
oops, you have messed up.
try out in wikipedia
i was unclear about your answer.
do I have anything set for the 4th of July this year?
Get me the details of upcoming Oscar 2017.
olly tell me about activities in my area this weekend
please could you check and confirm the last thing said.
Let's play global thermonuclear war.
Writing
What time does the train leave Penn Station?
Olly, what is the exchange rate between the US dollar and the AUS dollar?
best ticket price air/plane/bus to city x on date y
tell chris i will be late through email
Is Hayden still living on Turnpike Lane?
Play Irene from TobyMac
What alarms do I have set?
Olly what activities are taking place in my area
Have I received any emails from Tim?
music please!
Please schedule a meeting with my secretary
I need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
wouldn't mind for anything.
Remove from my calendar meeting at 9am
Read what is on my list.
Delete the list.
Check wikipedia for a definiton of the word homosapien.
Whats the closest taxi to me?
can you once again clarify me on that please.
vanilli marauthr
show me events that are going on right now
Will I be able to get away with shorts today?
anything is fine to me, olly.
Is country better today or 10 years ago?
new music tracks
change the time zone from washington to new york
please reset the last spoken.
Where is my appointment with doctor next week?
Pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
what did you mean by saying it.
can you tell me it one more time again.
Please tweet that DirecTv has horrible customer service.
How old is Mary S?
Please delete all my calendar events
Tell me about my schedule for the next month.
What is latest on the recent events happening right now?
check recent emails
how was tthe first president of us
get new emails
Olly, what's my next appointment
Play NPR
Please remind me of all the NBA scores in a week
Olly, tell me the temperature.
Please delete this event
Make a list of all the Halloween events going around in New York
it's exact.
Wake me up at 5 Am every morning
where is the closest train depot
Send an email to my boss saying I will be late.
Could you please confirm if Leonardo is Married?
Tell me more about the show.
Olly, is there anything I should be reminded about?
save my contacts
Play my yoga playlist.
Can you please tell me what I have on my list?
I need to get up at ten tomorrow.
THIS BRINGS SOME PROBLES TO US
s1, please elaborate me on it further.
Do I need sunscreen?
What will the weather be for the next week?
I need an event three days from now scheduled with Amy.
that was excellent.
explain more on your answer please.
can you retry.
Turn the lights off
PDA, learn that when I say Mom, I mean Giselle Adams.
Remove grocery shopping from my to-do list on Sunday
please tell me it once again.
Let me know when the meeting is gonna happen.
Set the alarm off
yeah you've got my instructions right.
Good evening
set a reminder about tomorrows meeting at 9am
Shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please.
How do I buy tickets for that?
show me my social media notifications
this doesn't matter with me, olly.
How many alarms do I have set?
what you just said was not clear to me.
Add this one also.
PDA, I want to turn on the robot vacuum cleaner.
Will it rain later in Manila?
Please alert me on Friday at 8:00 am to go to the gym.
What is a circuit board?
Continue the last chapter of the audio book I was listening to.
show a new list
How many cups are in a gallon?
thanks for answer, olly.
when is the next appointment
PDA when will the world end?
Let's hear some indie rock, okay?
Please change light color to purple.
order me some chinese food
are you sure that is the right command.
Play me some jazz.
how many likes did i get today
can you delete that event on
when is john's birthday?
Please turn the lights down.
Delete next event on calendar
Are there any upcoming events on my calendar?
Cease operating lights
Check my calendar for me
Set notification for 6 o clock news update
Schedule a meeting with Reeta today evening at 5 PM
Who wrote the song I just wanna dance with you?
Remind me at this time.
check what i last said please.
Convert 500USD to Rials
Play Taylor Swift music
music traking
Will you please show me my lists?
Play best hits.
Ok Google, play 106.7
Please remove Dallas from my travel itinerary
What's in my list of tasks?
How is a typhoon defined?
any one would be okay with me, olly.
I don't need the shopping list, delete it.
Alexa, send mom an email now
I need you to find a good channel to listen to
play some _____
I want tickets to the sold out concert on Saturday night
check all new emails in my inbox
can you lower the lights
tell me later about
What are the items on this list.
Different Continents
add 'valentine's day' with her tomorrow
15.02.2017
What do I have planned for Friday?
Set reminder in one hour for a meeting.
please can you say the last again.
i think you messed up with the request.
Today was stressful
why is Donald Trump famous
What kind of weather are we going to have this week?
Who sells the cheapest netbooks in South Austin?
check email today
PDA, what happened in Beirut this morning?
What days are my alarms set for
can you speak that one more time.
What year was the song created?
Set a timer for 5 minutes for cookies
Is there takeaway at Papa John's?
i like you to check and confirm the detail please.
Is there anything new happening in politics today?
Check for recent news stories on MSNBC
Show the list of upcoming events
Play my music
PDA check stock prices on this
Remind me when the concert tickets go on sale
Can you get me train ticket prices, please?
Coach and fare
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
check and confirm the details please.
File Downloading
whats the time in london
Did I have any plans later on tonight at 8pm?
Olly, will you mark that I am busy for an event tomorrow at 2 pm?
can you clarify more on what you've said to me please.
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
alexa how would you describe a ball?
open <unk> mhz
show lates events around newyork
you did it all wrongly.
Schedule my meeting with Mr. John Hopkins tomorrow 1 PM in the afternoon after lunch.
How can I contact this person?
PDA I got a damn speeding ticket
Respond to Graham and let him know that I will be free tomorrow.
Olly, find me the perfect girlfriend.
I want a nerd joke
olly call me a cab
Olly New york time?
i am sorry but you understood that wrongly.
PDA, Please tell me the weather for Washington DC
erase the meeting tomorrow at 10am
What is the best chili there is?
Make a playlist of all songs of Eminem and play with shuffle.
Weight loss
Is it snowing right now?
you are star, thanks.
are you busy
What meetings occurred between january 1 and january 12
What is Mr. taxi's phone number, it is in my contacts?
Please turn bedroom lights off.
How many recent emails have this sender or subject line?
don't care.
how is the traffic now
please would you reset.
What day is the 5th?
can you please check it.
Where can i catch some good things to do tonight.
It is 7:00 am in Pacific Standard Time
Is there new news from cnn.com?
did not get what you said now.
wheres the closest sainsbury's
one more again please.
can I know what I have to do the next Saturday at 6 pm?
Teach children to never answer the door when home alone.
Show me the stock price for google.
Recommend Pub, eighth and monte diablo
can you please remove the alarm
When was Frank Sinatra born?
Who am I meeting today?
tweet mobile complaint to samsung
Olly, tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horribe
Play what live
Set track 28 in music player on repeat.
it's perfect.
Convert 10 miles to kilometers
will it be rainy tomorrow?
Please change the color of the light in the bathroom
Delete my whole calendar for today.
Register complaint on twitter.
play one more time
olly that is enough, stop it.
could you tell me one more time please.
turn up music please
Write an email to Luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
Please help serve me coffee with a no sugar.
Please repeat the last song
check my mail
mute the volume.
Can I see the next episode of the podcast?
play rock
olly that is all, just stop.
please check and confirm the last thing i said.
i don't mind for anything, olly.
you did not give the correct information that i asked for.
Olly, go to my gmail and click on compose. When finished, I will tell you what I want to write in the email.
Is it going to be windy today.
is it gonna snow
Tweet complaint to American Eagle customer service.
Add payday to my calendar for every other Thursday.
list events in NY
Where are rthe best co-working spots in the neighborhood?
Is there anything happening in town this weekend?
s1, again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
When do I need to leave to pick up my order?
Is is cold outside?
Will there be a World War IV?
Play radio, station 97.9fm
Order 2 hamburgers for me.
Please tweet on Dell service for delay services.
can you tell me today's date?
PDA, has my calendar been update in the last 10 minutes?
do I have a dentist appointment on Monday morning?
Switch off the wemo plug socket.
Please update my status on platform X
How is the spouse of Obama ?
What are the Vietnamese restaurants in the area
Play me the BBC radio podcast.
What is the longest time to a location
I need you to add this email in my contacts
Can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are?
that is useful, appreciated.
Play Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head next please.
I would like this new email should be added to my contacts
Do I have any events going on this weekend?
How long until my takeaway.
What is traffic like right now?
thanks but you don't understand me.
PDA: I just added Bob's News, anything new there?
sorry but it's not the right response.
TELL ME CNN NEWS FOR ME RIGHT NOW.
Cortana, find the latest article from Chris Hedges on Truthdig.
Play some tunes for me
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of passive?
adjust media volume up
show my upcoming events
mute
What's Rene phone number?
Can you play my Favorites playlist.
Can you let me know when it's 2:00?
that does not really matter with me, olly.
What wine is best for dinner?
can you set my alarm for 7:30 am?
Give me low lighting in the kitchen
I want an alarm for 6am everyday
How many calories are in a 1/2 cup of peanuts?
A joke please
Do you know the answer to the question
no, you gave me not right information.
Remind me everyday at 2 PM for lunch
would like to know the alarm you sent
When is that meeting with my boss next week?
I want to hear my playlist from that artist
Channel X
that is helpful, thanks.
Please turn off wemo socket.
Play songs from titanic
PDA light off now
PDA, report the concert lineup with start times.
play any country music station
further explain me on your response please.
Add a meeting with architect to my new project list
What is the status of my food order
Mail my friend.
Report the current time in oakland.
Add remainder
Olly, what movies are playing right now?
no i didn't mean that.
Lower lights now
find train time to ny
Can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
What's the meaning of Rumplestiltskin?
LIGHT KO RAISE KARO.
Find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
How many alarams are set?
Send an email to jeff at gmail dot com
could you please confirm the instruction.
can you invite mr. Chen for a meeting next Monday 6:00pm?
Open Tasks, delete future events
Weather for the next week in New York
Order a pizza from Pizza Express
Mute all responses now
Delete all lists
olly i would like you stop.
could you repeat that please.
How many items are on my list ?
Tell me some funny joke to laugh
Silence volume on speakers.
Turn off the room light.
play sufi songs
i will need warm socks in winter in morning
Open Derek's contact information
Send an email to John that I am on my way to home.
stop and try the last again.
Am I free on x day?
you've gotten it exactly.
turh the music lower
How cold is it?
Activate vacuum
oops, i think it was not the correct answer.
plas kids songd
Was there any email regarding the wrong booking in SIA?
What is todays forcast?
play next
olly will you cancel please.
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct answer.
alexa put an order in for 2 pizzas from dominoes
HOW YOU HAVE SOLVE THE PROBLEM
PDA tell me what's on my shopping list?
Please play Thriller.
Latest New on international women's day
olly please would you shut off.
open alarm
what is the headline from Chicago Tribune?
Read available lists.
turn my kitchen lights off when i leave
Reply to Amy's email that I will get back to her.
let's try your sentence spoken once again please.
what is today's climate here
please let us try what you've said one more time again.
Tag my tweet to provider
Will it be warm on Friday night?
i think you've understood me wrongly.
I'm unhappy with (insert). Please help me
Remove the appointment with George Adams from my calendar.
weather at kodaikanal
Tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today.
can you please check and confirm the detail.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME IS THERE ANY UPDATE IN WEATHER.
send mail x@x.org
remove the list of things to do
I want to listen to 94.1 please.
How cold is it in Anchorage, Alaska?
what the traffic condition outside my office?
start new lady gaga playlist
what are the events next week
Whats it like in chicago, PDA?
What are the most economical card to buy right now?
Can you let Amazon know that this new phone case is junk?
please tell me it one more again.
Please tell me if July has sent me any emails.
paly the playlist
Good Morning, Vietnam!
olly call a uber in 30 minutes
Tell me the name of that song.
find me someone
Please turn the lights up to 8.
Show me the today's world news
Open reply
it's perfect, thank you so much, olly.
Write email to family member and read it back
turn off my alarm
i have no idea, olly.
Send new email to jana dot litt at gmail dot com
i would like you confirm detail please.
Send a tweet to the local WaWa that their service is terrible at their Market St. location.
Play the last podcast I listened to.
can you further clarify me on that please.
Book me a train ticket to Atlanta, please.
I want to hear pop
Can I wear my sandals today?
Play hip hop music
What is 1USD in Francs
Tweet complaint to Pizza Hut
Add on calendar: birthday party tomorrow, 2pm, for Jane, at her house
Please, check for new emails
i am sorry but i think that's not correct command.
Alert me 2 hours before my meeting on Tuesday with client happening at 10 in the morning.
Check to see if my mom sent me any emails.
Remove the item from list
Email to Pawel regarding latest news
play a movie I'll like
Is the meeting scheduled for tomorrow?
How long will it take me to get to the west side?
s1, please elaborate me on what you just said further.
Open the r/news subreddit on Reddit.
Please add smurfette@gmail.com to my email contacts.
PLAY THIS PROGRAMMES IN THIS PDA'S
PLZ, TUNE 93.8 FM RADIO MIRCHI.
Please, play Yesterday from Beattles
PDA name: post this on my facebook
Can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow?
What is the current news today?
PDA, report what is new in my email inbox.
play my mashup
Enter event for Mondays only
Recipe for crabmeat
Tell me a play lust
will you retry it.
Mute speakers please.
Play me the latest podcast about online surveys.
Tell me more about the Japan Day Festival.
Where does Kate Middleton buy her kids clothes.
What is Leonardo DiCaprio's networth?
What is happening in the world?
tell comcast their customer service is slow
whats the weather like in chicago
Which store's got the cheapest 3 pound beef rump?
Change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
I want to set an alarm when I'm driving home tomorrow to remember to stop at the store and get food.
Do I have any alarms
Search Order of the Green Hand podcast number 300
that isn't what i meant.
play 97.1
Shuffle songs by Coldplay
This room lights off.
PDA, what the sexiest food to cook on a date?
nearest walmart loction
what is on nov 20
could you please check detail.
I would like to have a sushi, can you order me a lunch?
Play my favorite song of last year.
Begin Secrets of the Citadel January onne cast
are storms likely today?
Please tell me a joke that I'll think is funny.
Find recipe chicken casserole
Sex
add events
i like you to check and confirm what last said please.
let us play cross-words
yeap perfect.
Please add March 5th as John's birthday.
i did not understand your words.
replay please.
any new mail
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
Olly, find me a taxi.
email message to address
get me details of this person
make sure there is no events on my calendar
How did XXX become famous?
navigation search
play BBC radio four please
Family entertainment
can you confirm instruction.
Tweet my complaint to @consumer service
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
Have I received any emails since noon?
you did great job,.
i think you messed up my command.
Olly what shops are within ten miles?
what day of the week is novmber 14th
what is the current exchange rate from usd to rupies
wait, i think it's not the correct answer.
change background
What's my next alarm?
i need to hear your instruction you just said again.
is it going to rain at 1pm today
will you check and confirm the details please.
Do I need to pick up the kids from anything today?
slow rock it's ok
What is the name of a lake that has dried up over the years?
Tell me summary forecast Microsoft stock forecast to 30 days ahead
Post a message to Facebook
Give me the morning news.
not right command.
What year is it?
what is todays close of goog
what is on my playlist?
What kinds of clothes should I wear to the park today
Tell me the humidity level downtown today.
thanks but i think you have messed up with the command.
email received reply
confirm my alarm settings
Post a complaint via twitter to CVS Pharmacy.
do you like love song?
On May 13th please run a credit check and email the results
Load a fun game that I can play with you.
I am super stressed because of work.
Restart audiobook.
low cooling condition
set a new event
Where is Ashwin?
Change the light color to red
please can you do it again.
Purchase train ticket
Book a cab which have cheapest price
who sung this?
could you please gather a list of local restaurants and email them to my husband
i'll be going to my office.
For the next month how many meeting days available do I have that are convenient for me
Tell me what usa thinks of asia
How old was Albert Einstein when he came up with relativity theory?
I need to find a gift.  What stores are within a 1 mile radius?
yes you have gotten it exactly.
Schedule an uber in 20 minutes to Tesco on 5th street
could you check the detail please.
My pizza came cold i need to contact Pizza hut on twitter
Please turn the music up.
resume audio
Post the picture I just took on Twitter.
whaich is the richeast country in the worls in terms of income and standard of living.
Celebrity news
Can I order takeaway from Spanish place?
s1, will you please further explain me about what you said.
what is 0/0?
PDA! Tell mom ill be late this evening
will you try again.
hey siri what is in the world news right now
PDA, fly me to the moon.
olly that's enough, just cancel it.
Please start the next podcast episode.
how much does an orange weigh
Cancel medical engagements this weekend.
activate silent
What day of the week was December 4, 1982?
Tell me about
play my favorite podcast
thank you very much for doing that.
What's scheduled for the next three hours?
Journal entry for today (user begins telling about day here)
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL WHAT IS THE CAPITAL OF AMERICA.
olly please would you stop.
what does a banana look like
Good afternoon
find area
Delete all events and tasks for today.
Could you please send an email to my husband?
PDA: Jump to the next podcast
knowledge about food processing
that's helpful, thank you so much.
change the genre from rock to classic
can you tell me the recipe to cook pav bhaji?
please can you rephrase further on what you have said to me.
Trivia
Why did Bob Dylan earn a nobel peace prize?
that's not what i just said.
say what i've just said one more again please.
olly would you just stop please.
Movies
that does not really matter to me, olly.
Weather in Toronto
Get me fresh news.
Volume Control
Keep me updated on the election results
remove <unk>
Request a driver for Uber in 5 minutes
Make my iroomba clean the living room.
sorry but i think you are not correct.
Please speak quieter to me
that's useful, thanks, olly.
yeap you have understood your understanding right.
it's excellent.
What is the US Dollar Euro exchange rate?
In jaipur traffic level is high
I want to turn on the blue lights.
i appreciate it, it is excellent job.
PDA what alarms do I have scheduled for tomorrow?
Activate the robot and vacuum the floor.
Get me the top news from Huffington Post.
find  unread emails recieved from Peter today, Olly
How cold will it be next Tuesday?
my party list
Remind me of my meeting
remind me please
silent
Activate radio and tune into 989
let us try the sentence you said once more.
Give me news from CNN.
please can you tell me what said again.
can you say once again.
Go near vaccum cleaner
was there an improvement to the US economy
Please remove the following list
Make my lights blue.
how the cold today
How many meetings have there been?
Show us red.
turn off socket
I want to hear Tum hi ho next.
i dont want sound.
make it brighter
LAtest event in new york city
I want to start my e-mail out like this:
how is the traffic right now
Resume the playback of Zanes Sex Chronicles
it isn't what i just requested.
Vacation spots
show X's contact detail
Remove my appointment with my doctor on Saturday please.
read my next reminders for this afternoon
What time is my reservation for this Saturday?
Tell me the meetings I have for the week
i think your answer is not correct.
I need a train ticket traveling to New York in May.
hail taxi!
Tell me something about America.
Where is Pategonia?
I don't have enough money to buy the Nintendo Switch right now, can you please remove it on my Amazon Wishlist?
Read me a news article about Jeff Sessions.
would you again elaborate please.
Where is norman reedus from
whatever would be good.
yeap amazing response to the command.
What time will my alarm go off today?
Check and tell me the address of My friend Alex
check and confirm the instruction.
What is the first Metro to DC?
I have practice at Wrigley tomorrow at 6
Can you please check my gmail for new messages?
start playing from where I left off on The Goblet of Fire
Delete my calendar.
Play GTA vice city game.
awesome work, you've done well.
What has happened recently in the world?
Save my opinion about the current song playing.
i want a meeting till 3 o clock.
Explain it to me
What is the best recipe for a margarita?
How much can I bleed before I die?
Show me the current date today
Olly, please tweet at bestbuy that I am not happy with their service today.
dim the bedroom lights to half
what are the train times from San Francisco to New York
clear all concert schedule
please brighten the room
Go back to Animal Farm.
please train
Delete Butterfly Clips from my Wish List.
Tweet samsung to let them know my washer is on fire.
Let me know about any alarms set today.
Show me the location of Everest Mountain
Play me songs of genre
olly would you just stop.
RADIO KO ON KAR DO, ABHI ACHCHE ACHCHE SONG AA RAHE HONGE.
Remind me at 6 about the meeting at 7
Play Radio Disney
Inform me about international news
Can you play Lose Yourself by Eminem next?
i have to done it on the post important music file
how will my drive me
Please play any song by Lady Gaga.
that's cool,, olly.
i think it was not the correct answer.
Please send a taxi to my house
Hey, please provide information about events, by the end of the day.
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to soccer practice on Friday, April 21st at 1190 Whale Avenue, New York, NY, 11292.
Olly, what bars are around me
what time does the train arrive?
What's the weather like tomorrow?
check the weather of city A.
please let me know the time of train X
complaint
Alexa, give me updates on the presidential candidate race.
Did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends?
olly that would be all.
anything is okay with me.
doesn't matter to me.
Tell me all the current events in my hometown.
Please update me on the status of the Mexico-America border wall.
well done, thank you.
Answer Paul's email.
appreciate the response.
that is all, cancel it.
Who sing We are the world?
i like to be it
my new work schedule list
please try the things one more again.
please rephrase me on it further.
What are the showtimes for Logan at the nearby theatre
I need to set an alarm for next Friday at noon.
it's too dark here
Have I recieved any new emails?
Set 12 noon prayer for every friday
turn on radio play prambors with max volume as alarm in the morning
Search the album name with Katy Perry.
This article is super cool, can you share the link to facebook for me?
PDA can you give me a 10 minute timer.
Disable the alarm at xx:xx am/pm
Load Spotify
How long until I receive my food
what is the traffic like
would you please check the details.
provide me news
Open games
Show me pancakes PDA.
what events are in my clender for today
Do I have a meeting tomorrow?
Now I need to write an email to my colleague
Give me the idea of current traffic condition
Please tell me how to do my daughters 8th grade math
Please turn off shuffle setting
I need the definition of president.
i am not so clear about the last sentence.
buying clothes
yes you've done command exactly.
Add an alert tomorrow at 7am
s2, i am not clear about what you have said.
Mike will send me an email tomorrow. Can you please set up an alarm 15 minutes after receiving that email?
Remind me to send the presentation today at 1:00pm
would you please shut down.
6 am alarm please
What days do I have booked?
Make me a coffee please
Tune into my selected station
play my iTunes music
Please proceed to the next available rock song
what time does the train from new york come in?
would you say what you said once again please.
What were the highlights from this evening's soccer match?
what time is it now
Do I have any new mail?
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
Prepare the order as soon as possible.
i am tired
do i have any emails about chemistry
how many wives does the ceo of enron have
what year was baseball started
Who's this song by ?
Set rememinder for My wedding anniversary on 10 July
Repeat the song playing now
Check email from Amazon for Christmas shopping.
could you check and confirm it please.
Save event for 5pm to 6pm on March 18th
Reply to recent emails.
change color
sorry but that was not the right command.
can you speak that one more time again.
olly set meeting at 7pm
play my favorite song
What is Sarah's number?
will you tell me it one more again please.
i finished my to do list
Olly what is the weather like outside
What's the latest news on Donald Trump?
start a list
Turn on the radio please.
Please pause the song
Look up next weeks weather for me please.
Read CNN headlines
delete the item(computer) from the list
Show me the list of alarms
Tweet at United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
PDA, whats my schedule today
s2, i am unclear about what you have just said.
when is peter's birthday?
I want to hear Metallica on my rock playlist.
what's the change in best buy stick.
Send a batch of emails to my family
what are my new emails
Make me happy juice
speak all items for to day
what is marketing
is the stocks which i have invested are increasing
Add a meeting tomorrow with a Pamela at 6
Scratch item 3
What is the tallest mountain?
Please set up a meeting with Jonh for Monday.
Read the email sent by this contact
Schedule a meeting with Al on Tuesday
how many new emails do i have
Is there going to be fog in the morning?
really don't mind.
turn off one light in my bedroom
Tell me formula for area of circle
notify me about any festival occurring next month
exchange rate with these currencies
How many pounds would I get for $100?
What city was Elvis born
What events do I have for this coming week?
what's the traffic on the 101
Alexa add toothpaste to my shopping list.
olly could you stop.
CISCO SYSTEM
skip this one
Olly, I would like a cup of coffee with 1 cream and 3 sugars.
call a cab
What is the weather looking like for the rest of the week?
Please replay that song I just listened to.
I would like you to add an email to my contacts.
How old is Draymond Green
What is the capital of Nigeria?
Raju phone book
Make a coffee
I need a taxi to take me to the airport Please.
message @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
post my business on twitter
Let me know when my phone is due.
artificial intelligence
Who will be attending the meeting this Friday?
Do I have a date Friday?
can you please confirm details.
whats around, PDA.
i can not catch up with you.
Find me the latest news story on US politics.
show me the direction of this location.
It is Ok to go out on sunny weather?
Olly I want some coffee now
Put on the God of small things
I want coffee from the machine
What was George Eliot's first novel
tweet at esurance 'you suck'
4PM
swimming
What's the name of the event?
get me new mail.
off all the lights on the right side
define a phrase blue sky research
Find the residential address of Tom Hanks.
What did Vogue post today.
Remind me to look at the pasta in 30 mins
Do I have any new emails?
tweet to papa johns about getting a cold pizza
Is it going to be windy tomorrow?
What is your favorite color?
Listen to Duncan Trussel's latest podcast.
PDA how high is this mountain
turn radio to 98.7
Get it fast resolved.
got answer exactly.
that's not what i said.
Tell me what is on my list.
Red FM chit chat auto tune
sorry but that is not the right answer.
What is the traffic like this morning
When is (musician) next touring?
Put in Next Queue 'Badra Bahar' by Amit Trivedi.
is the mail from chris about work?
What is the 10 day forecast?
get local events
play golf
i am sorry but i think that's not the correct answer.
Play classical channel in Sirius
Trending, tech news
yes that's wonderful.
Give me weather condition of Manhattan
Check emails from MGCCC
What's on my list?
Can you start the coffee machine for me?
What is the weather like?
Please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom.
can you tell me whats on my shopping list?
yes amazing response to the command.
Could you please confirm if paradise does takeaway
do I have anything going on?
Tell my what I told Mom when we spoke of the recipe
yes right response.
I would like a cup of coffee
speak one more time.
Play new pop music
Jack birthday is on 15th march set a reminder
Social media.
send an email to Frank and ask them what the weather going to be like this week?
What's the band is playing now?
Are there any alarms currently set.
Change the light in the bathroom to yellow
Remove the event off the calender
I want to listen to station 104.9 please.
Record what happened today
olly switch to red colored lights
which week is 23rd?
i want you to check the question please.
What is the bbc's latest news
you are the best, musch appreciated, olly.
Tell me the time.
Add my practice at King's Park on Feb 4 at 2 p.m.
any news from Agnes?
show me the latest news on BBC
Olly, play 'The Two Towers'
you didn't say my name right.
Does dominos deliver?
uh no, it is not what i just requested.
I want to cancel the recording I have on the DVR list for this morning.
When was Jamie Foxx born?
I need a taxi in 30 minutes
play little women
What movies are being shown at the Regal Cinema?
yes you understood my instructions exactly.
yeah that was fantastic.
what is the status of my order?
I want to hear a joke.
i think that's not the correct command.
Echo, have I received any emails from my father?
is it going to rain at 1pm today
What will be the weather this week?
Turn off my room lights.
Please play me something from the Foo Fighters
thanks but i think it was not the right answer.
What does apple of my eye mean?
play classical music playlist
please could you check and confirm my last instruction.
I want to eat some spicy thing
Please scan my social media and tell me what's happening.
i am sorry but you had it wrong.
wouldn't really care.
s2, i am unclear about what you said now.
PDA, Let's take over the world together.
what is the stock information of walmart
what is going on in Milwaukee
about ckicket
direction to local train station
where is the closest uber
How many of my sports podcasts have new episodes I have not listened to yet?
Has anyone commented on my status?
I need you to book a taxi for me.
Can I get the food to go?
Can you make this event repetitive?
don't bother, olly.
Delete trip scheduled July 4th
play sword art opening
that's wonderful work, thank you.
Given it is 4:35 pm in London, what time is it in Melbourne?
today's date
go to map
What is latest news about Donald Trump? Tell me about controversial statements of Donald Trump.
olly would you please shut up.
please play the next episode of aib
Please send Dad an email asking about the weather in New Jersey.
s1, explain me on your answers once again.
Please respond.
set reminder for meeting....
make a new list for me
Have there been updates on abortion law?
it must be some mistakes.
PDA please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing.
Adjust the light
tell interesting news
Show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
you are awesome, appreciated.
continue where i left off on my podcast
Did I get any messages from John?
i didn't catch that.
Where does Janet Jackson live?
Compose a tweet for Youtube.
please reset that.
What can you tell me about the dance on Friday?
Tweet a response to Subway for slow service.
General Health tips
play the latest games.
play madonna
s1, please would you clarify me more on this.
Put Clean Dog at the top of the Cleaning list
Find a debate about schools in UK
Do I have a new email from Sandy?
start robot vacuum
what is the nearest pizza shop
sorry but that is not the right response.
take milk off my grocery list
start radio BBC one
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon?
that's good one.
Please turn off the smart plug socket.
i would like you cancel it.
Please record what I have said about this song.
Open my calendar
How long does it take to get there
Go to cnn.com
is there any post from my friend Mike in facebook
Show me my husbands Facebook posts today.
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
Turn the lights brighter
Dreams
Plesae tune in to Channel 9 FM
how far we send money for digital
send email new address
will you check details please.
Books
What happened with it?
elaborate further on this please.
what is the distance from some particular place
check detail please.
seems like olly's command was incorrect.
Turn living room lights red
What's up with my order?
i did not catch that.
Can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter?
Tell me the exchange rate for the yin
Has it been a busy day?
I want to email....
Read what lists I have
Where is McMennamin's
What list did I make today?
Do I currently have any alarms set?
What time is it in Beijing
what are the top 20 jazz hits
how many days are left in this year?
Can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person?
Would you play some music please?
remind me about thing at time
i would like you to confirm the details please.
Tweet 'customer service not good for LPG service' in my Twitter account
Weekly badminton classes start tomorrow and will end May 1
Note my 'event' with 'person' on 'date' at 'place'
That background song is terrible.
I want to see the twitter handler of Sony
Check unread emails from Amy.
please tell about the alarms
can you lie?
oops, you don't get response correctly.
what is the exchange rate between USD and INR
Put a reminder in my calendar about meeting with client at 10 am on Tuesday.
look up the number of people living in miami florida
Call Peking Garden
Olly, are there are new email from Mary?
How many hours difference is there between London and New York?
celeb news
Remove noodles from the list
How long it lasted?
I dont want this list anymore.
you helped a lot, i appreciate it.
Today's forecast.
show map
button
that is of no importance with me, olly.
i'm sorry.
give me the weather for merced at 3:00 pm
Play the next episode of a podcast
Send email to jack@gmail.com
solution for 81 divided by 9
Notify me with news updates on Nigeria
that's wonderful.
PDA turn off the light
Olly I'm looking for a bar, do you know a good one?
what is the currency conversion charges applicable.
Can you tell me how to get the answer to (specific question)?
What is the time in Alaska?
i think it's not the right answer.
Where is the nearest gas station?
what is the distance to the moon?
thanks for doing it.
what's time
that's enough.
will you tell me again please.
Play Jazz from Jennifer's latest album
How long is this song
could you please check and confirm it.
How are you?
Where is North Dakota?
Tune in to Ryan Seacrest on the living room radio
delete calendar item
olly that is enough.
put a disco track
Get apahelp@yahoo.com in my contacts.
What is the forecast for today?
give me current information about traffic at central park road.
Let me see my playlist to reorganize.
Have I received any emails in the last hour?
How do I get to Brighton?
pls add list of friends to invite for the party
How do I change the color of the lights
What are your thoughts on the difference between the philosophers Nietzche and Focault?
you are my star,, olly.
that is nice one, i appreciate it.
What's the dollar's exchange rate with the Euro?
Turn the lights on party mode
lets play pinball
that doesn't really matter.
did you get what just said correctly?
IT SHOULD SPICES
I need to edit Marie Jones' email address to read jonesm1980@yahoo.com.
I want it to remember my preferences and recommend me things based on them when I ask.
set a consumer service complain
olly i'd like you stop.
What day o the week is 14th
What are IBM's stock prices
What kind of shoes should I leave the house with?
play radio 95.5
Please book a train ticket to...
Increase the volume so that i can hear it in other room
would you start over please.
you didn't get what i just said.
Let's listen to a playlist.
pls add list of things to buy for pary
Can you tell me about the traffic?
Directions to nearest Apple Store
sorry but that was not the correct command.
email gary
delete calendar events
DEA: Guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
object details
I need you to set an alarm.
check and confirm last thing i said please.
yeap that's exact.
Please set my alarm clock for 8am
Turn on my first scheduled alarm
The current news
Which song is that?
Can you check the time?
Count the number of food items on the list.
how is the climate.today
Power off.
reshuffle and play music
What is the name of the best italian restuarant?
delete the following list:
i am fine
when was the last alarm set
Cancel my 7am alarm
When is my next appointment?
Is Halloween on a Friday this year?
I need to delete the alarm for church on Sundays at 11am.
show albums of rihana
Play rock radio station
Play Jingle Bells next.
remove wyatt's birthday party from my calendar
Rahul marriage reminder
oops, it is not the correct answer.
you have understood it perfectly.
Olly, what is the fastest route to town?
Make a reservation for 2 at olive garden
you've got your understanding correcly.
3*2=6
store my cont
Tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful.
Listen to sports talk
switch to 101.1
i am sorry but i think you're incorrect.
Now what?
tell me that command one more again please.
Add my meeting in Google office tomorrow, 10 AM
What news updates are there from news express
What is 6-4?
it does not matter with me.
reply to Patrick that I am on my way
Do I need to wear a coat?
What is Terranova stock going for
Inform me about the latest news of Donald Trump.
i'd like you stop.
list out
is ll cool j still rapping?
Define this object.
What alarms are coming up?
please can you say the last comment one more time.
fast
It was a cool day
takeaway status
any events in my calender today
is there a train ticket available for boston tomorrow?
Whats the best way to france?
What is good way to cook eggs?
google the steps for preparing the dish
Tell me when I need to leave the airport
i am sorry but i think that's not the correct response.
i was not clear about your words.
Internals
Play something by Norah Jones
What is jay's phone number
Show me information of today's cricket match
Let me know the weather for today
send a tweeter complain
set the event name to ____
Do you have any updates on blank?
Your personal Spotify collection, Your Music/Your Library,
What are my meetings for this week?
RadioShows.mobi.
Remind me today's meeting with Reveca at 6:00pm
olly start the coffee maker
time in Las Vegas?
PDA pull up all emails sent to me from Amazon
great job, you have done well.
oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
tell me what i said one more time again please.
Please mute the volume control.
Find shoe shopping near my home.
current emails
Send an email to Mom tell her I love you
Tell me economic stats
How old is Rod Stewart?
Listen to my favorites.
Remind me about the office meeting tomorrow at 7
please shut down.
Will there be any 70 degree days next week?
will you do it again.
Remind me to play this song tonight.
that's great, thank you.
further explain.
Send to Jane only help
How's the weather like in Beijing
Tell me what is in your list.
Do I have any meetings tomorrow at 9 pm?
Vitaly channel
Do I need to wear my slicker today?
hmm, you have made mistake, please fix it.
How's the weather this week?
remove item from list
Give me the recipe of steak
Write a tweet telling Macy's that they should be shutting down instead of JCPenney.
i didn't ask for that answer.
store opinion  on song
PDa, download cooking app
I need to keep two toddlers busy - tell me what to do
set alarm reminder for calendar
COULD YOU PLEASE GIVE ME THE BIRTHDAY OF MAHATMA GANDHIJI?
right response to command.
you've done it right thank you.
Lower volume by 50%.
Do you have the time?
Keep me updated on what is happening in southeast Africa currently.
How many miles is it from Los Angeles, California to Austin, Texas?
Add Moong daal in grocery list
I would like my PDA to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
Olly, what is the newest news right now?
Mute for 20 minutes.
Alexa, update the calendar with the last event removed
flag me an uber for 10pm tonight
hey siri on the 20th clear my calendar
today needs to be marked as my cheat day
will you try that statement you said one more again please.
Play Rap songs
what you have said was not so clear to me.
Describe a tomatillo
cooking recipe
PERSONAL DIGITAL ASSISTANT
add juice to my grocery list
thanks for your asssistance.
Let's play a game together
Please unmute the settings
Will I need to shovel my driveway this morning?
Let's play a game.  How about tic-tac-toe
What day does June 27th 2017 fall on this year?
yes, I Like to save opinion on song playing and which player suppoert that song.
yes that's correct.
List the celebrities who have been in my country in the last five years
i think you have done a task in wrong manner.
PDA, tweet to company.
when is the bill cycle
What has shown up in the news recently?
Help me find transportation to the Mall of America.
What is the weekly weather report?
Add to calendar October 1st at 2pm lunch with Ann.
you helped a lot, thank you, olly.
show me podcasts
send email to Naty
Better day tommorrow
list nearby shops
oh no, i didn't say it.
How can I cook pasta?
Olly, do I have an appointment for January the third?
Hey go from off to ON my vaccuum in 5 minutes
Set up each <day>> at <time> for
New event, breakfast meeting, WM Mason Room, 9am
Let me know the time of the train to New York
Was Lucille Ball a natural redhead?
what is US dollar today
it's fantastic job, i appreciate it.
post my business on all my social media sites
Turn up the lights in the living room
need background information about person X
Lights off, bathroom.
nope, i think you messed up.
start audio playback of twilight again
how to cook a pizza
olly whats the best place to eat near here
Enter Mary's birthday party with the family on February 22nd.
Hey, lets just talk
play daft punk
Give me information about this song
Olly, please set dinner plans at 7pm for every Friday in April.
X+Y
Show me more information about this event.
Confirm a movie ticket at Glory theater
Can you do me a favor, my eyes are feeling strained on these lights, can you please change it to a cooler tone?
What is a good vegan egg substitute, Olly?
Where is Obama from?
thanks but i think you don't understand this correctly.
Does that restaurant allow take-out orders?
hey, what does incite mean?
Play all the latest pop songs
What do I have going on today from 2-4 PM?
Remove my car payment on my calendar.
What is the echange rate between USD and JPY
What type of cheese do I need for my enchiladas?
'Depending on the role you are going for this will affect your answer
set alarm at 5:30 am
oh no, i think not right.
Would you mind telling me what are the pending reminders.
what is current time?
uhh no, i think you have done task all incorrectly.
Contact ... customer service via twitter
PDA how is traffic?
Find the highest-rated recipe from FoodNetwork.com for a four-cheese omelette.
What time is it in pacific time
perfect work, you did well.
Tell me about the stock for X.
Let's play a game of trivia.
Turn up volume of music
What are the news lately?
Today weather
you have got it correcly.
Talk to me, PDA.
PDA, play kiss fm for me.
Is Mt. Everest the tallest mountain in the United States?
HIS HARDWORD IS PROPRLY QUEAD
news
how long do I cook maccoroni alexa
that's helpful, musch appreciated.
could you do it again please.
find the shortest distance for the location needed
please elaborate once again to me.
Cortana, can you please turn off the lights in this room?
good work, you've done well, olly.
Delete all my events in my calendar.
Can I please have the weather for tomorrow here in Costa Mesa?
find weather report
check detail.
Can you play a song by Aerosmith?
what day will it be sunny
Switch wemo plug socket off
oh no, you gave me wrong information.
Will it rain in the noon
i would like if PDA will be smart and intelligent in way it will be familiar with me and recognise the way i like the result will be
Do I have any more emails?
that is enough, just cancel it.
Please check the train schedule for Wednesday at 5pm, going to Rockville.
can you repeat please.
Activate coffee machine.
I want to start a new list of power tools on sale at True Value.
Can you turn up the lights?
Any breaking news?
Olly please make ke a coffee
Apply search and check
any events happening nearby?
Google search the topic
tune best topic.
abolish an item from list
set lights to full power
What to do today in Biloxi
Place order of one pizza.
Olly, I need some coffee, please.
Has (sender) sent me any new emails?
nice to meet you
what is the current pacific time
can you check and confirm details.
answer for 3x4
Remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
olly i want you just stop.
could you reset what i said please.
What is the length of Amazon river
Making very complex calculations like Jarvis
sorry but that's not right answer.
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
I need a train ticket to denver
Would you open the email and I would like to compose a new one
Give me the definition of formidable.
I need a taxi ride now
Is the 23rd of April a Saturday?
What time zone is X in?
google maps
brighten  of lights in living room
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
would you please check and confirm detail.
any low priced delicacies.
Do I have any emails in the last hour?
really do not mind, olly.
Remove all scheduled events from the calendar.
Set an alarm for 8pm.
Hey Olly, Please set a reminder for tomorrow morning 10 am meeting
Add to calendar every year on May 2 is Mary's birthday
Latest news from the area.
that must be some mistakes.
News 19
Get the weather forecast for this week please.
I want to post on LinkedIn.
What's my calendar today
hi google please cancel all the programs for friday
what is the date and month today
Show me weather list for tomorrow
PDA when is Dale's birthday?
Train times place
send email to <unk>
What are my tasks?
semd email to my contact
Should I close the window before I leave this afternoon?
it's good one, thank you.
contacts please
What percentage of the US population is related to the English royal bloodline in some way?
Where is the fire?
time to sleep olly!
I want to listen jazz.
describe the new football game rules
Robot, do the whole house now
Please add complaint about the service in tweet to Olive Garden.
Alexa, exchange rate for converting 1000 dollar to euro?
Please set a reminder for me to 'something' in 'sometime'
Mobile device explanation.
Is the road a free way or a toll road.
What is the current forecast for Maine?
Why does Tom Izzo look like a whiny bitch when his team plays?
will you tell me one more time.
I wan to play me a Justin bieber song
Play the Miami heat and warriors game
Olly, what's close by for dinner?
radio programm
shit, you don't get what i just said.
What day of the week is the youth charity event?
make the lights shine blue
appreciate the asssistance.
amazing response to command.
it is unimportant for me.
Please give me the latest feed updates.
play radia
Show me Thai food near me.
Change the living room light to yellow.
Look up whether or not Charley's Steakhouse delivers.
Speaker volume (increase/decrease)
Please turn the lights on.
What's 13+14?
action
Olly, today was the best day of my life.
On the other hand, there may be added costs involved in getting your kitchen up to Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture (PDA) sanitary standards, and working at home will definitely impact your familyjust ask any successful entrepreneur.
you have done it right.
Hey Siri!! mute the speakers
Define broiler for me
what is justin bieber's birthday?
can I get a taxi to come to my house in an hour?
How old is Ellen?
What's the stock price of (insert)
I like red colour for my home, change it
Show Directions to Pondy
yes that is perfect.
Please skip to the next song
Play R&B
i like you to check and confirm the question please.
tell me once again please.
Find a recipe for chicken alfredo
that was good one, appreciated.
Is it going to be sunny this weekend?
I need to leave on the 5pm train to Rockville.
Spelling
Play Jack Johnson playlist music
Play my top rated pop songs please.
What is the definition of a home run?
Play me something <insert genre>
Please tell me the date
has anyone tagged me in a photo on facebook
Play episode of Stuff You Should Know in queue.
Could you please help me to order some Sushi from Deliveroo?
speak what i have just said one more again.
Is it going to be cloudy or sunny today in Bangalore
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
Play music I have liked
Add something to my list.
Turn off the bedroom lamp
whats the time in Sydney now
Play the most popular Elton John song.
PDA tell me the current time.
Have I gotten any emails in the last day?
What playlist is on shuffle
Do I have anything lists made for christmas shopping?
open songs by Prince
I WANT YOU TO TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR OSCWAL PIPES.
What is five over three?
Remind me to pick up Mark at the airport at 6pm.
clear events from calendar
Disable the first alarm
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
show me recent news on particular subject
DELETE DAY AFTER EVENT
please check command.
Please Delete next Meeting Arora's Namkeen owner.
yeah you understood your understanding correcly.
person xy oscar for which film
Remind me to pick up John from the airport tonight at 8
Olly delete everything on the menu
note this event to my calender
Olly where is a nearby park where I can go running?
oh no, you did not understand what i meant.
Where is it hottest on earth?
What's the weather like in Sydney?
I really want to go to Keiv. Is there any good events there in April?
Turn on my son's room plug socket on/off.
that is not what i am looking for.
fantastic work, you have done well.
Call me at 6 am
Add this item to the list
dammit, i didn't ask for that response.
doesn't matter.
Play the next song in the sequence.
strong lt angree
play this game with me
save the new list
What are the upcoming events?
What is the scorecard of the India versus Australia Hockey game?
Did i leave the light on in the Garage?
Please play the podcast Order of the Green Hand 2
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
what is date today
list current car stories
that's perfect work, appreciated.
would you check and confirm my last command please.
describe about it
Olly, create a repeating event on Mondays at 7 pm
please let us start over.
I'm going to the theater on Friday at 7 with Dave. Can you add that to my calendar?
Skip this episode.
audio up
i want to hear that word again.
i would like to hear what you've just said again.
what are my pending tasks?
forward shown content to (  ) with email
Give me the current date today
turn on 89x for rock
Play ... podcast
Information
please tell me again.
you are awesome,, olly.
Please begin clash of clans
Add picture to facebook.
Check in contacts
it would be great if PDA can give you law consultations
Price
pick up wuthering heights where we left off
show meetings
yeah got the answer exactly.
Let's play scrabble.
When this song ends, play Hotel California.
sorry but you did not get answer right.
Check calendar for Thursday at 2pm, if I'm free, please set a meeting with Mr Fox.
please add the meeting with Ms. Boland on Wednesday 8:00am to my calendar
Turn off the shed light
your family
well done, thanks, olly.
Find ... podcast and play it.
What next in my must watch movie list.
yes you've understood my instructions right.
alexa make an event reminder for monas wedding on tuesday
can you shut down please.
Schedule and appointment with Mike for next Thursday morning.
would you shut up.
show me the information of friend
Tell me comics of charlie chaplin
Cortana, show me the name of the song playing right now.
uber
Play all songs by Martina McBride.
IS THERE IS ANY NEW EMAILS
How do you pan-sear a Porterhouse steak?
Remind me of my 3pm meetng tomorrow 4 hours in advance.
Should I bring an umbrella tomorrow?
Olly, create an empty calendar event for next Saturday at ten a.m.
i like you confirm last thing said please.
Raise the volume of the current music
wonderful response to command.
Increase the volume of the left speaker by 10
stop, this is not right answer.
I'd like to hear Queen's Barcelona
you helped a lot,.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE FORMULA FOR THE PERIMETER OF A RECTANGLE?
What is thE worlds record for the longest head of hair
What is the longest river in Spain?
Can you tell me what happened to my social media?
Remove my dinner event for Monday.
what is the theme of the party?
I would like for us to play Jeopardy now.
Give me a new light color.
Play Alternative Rock.
Can you show me the popular posts from Facebook today?
can you remind me to go to dentist appointment one day before?
PDA, please turn on the smart socket.
set repeat event in calendar
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
Define...
What are my current list.
I need to know all new news on the Houston Texans draft.
Ask Joe and Joanne if they can attend tomorrow's meeting at 11am
Delete every event.
Turn off light in bedroom
start a new email to:
brighten the lights
Delete all item on my calendar for this week.
s2, i did not catch that.
tell me about fijords
search for the correct game
What is a virtual reality headset?
PDA, please change the lighting to blue.
Show me future events
i was unclear about what you've just said.
Answer to Pawel's email
i'd like you just stop.
olly cancel.
sorry but i think that's incorrect command.
PLEASE PLAY THE LATEST SONG FROM THE ALBUM ABBAS.
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
hmm, you gave me incorrect information.
i think you messed up with my command.
Set calendar reminder for noon titled lunch meeting
Tell me something about
How do I cook that meal
don't mind to choose any one.
what is 5 minus 1
describe a sloth
Please play the morning show on 95.1 fm.
PDA post a status using the latest notes I made in my notepad.
Where is johncena from
touch the mute button
Find funny jokes
How many countries are in the European Union?
How much US money do I get from 1000 kroner?
Remind me  when my car is due the day before.
what is the hobby of ajay devgn
1 USD is EUR
i am sorry but i think it's not the correct answer.
yes exactly.
when I came back from this place?
Send hi in watsapp to vikki
How is the weather like today
on 5th april which day of the week
where is the statue of libery?
Where is Russia located?
I want to see news about politics.
PDA, tell me a place that has snow now
What time is next meeting
that is excellent, musch appreciated.
Reserve train tickets
google....
Set a reminder alarm for my meeting with the agent this evening
play the radio station pop
Google set my alarm to go off in an hour.
melody
can you clarify me about it further please.
alexa complain for me to@nsa
wait, this is not the correct answer.
share with twitter
Tell me quotes that have to do with love
How big is England?
Show me the stock prices of Walmart.
Make new list of recent workouts
email joejoe@gmail.com
play song from my trance list
Olly, please check new email from Andy
Find Brad Pitt's age.
s1, would you explain me about what you have just said once again.
that is of no importance for me.
really i do not mind, olly.
give description of statue of liberty
show me a funny video on youtube
Turn the chandelier all the way up
weather this weekend
Olly, go back to the podcast before
could you please check the last thing said.
How long will it take me to drive to the Panic! concert tomorrow?
What is the last email I received?
today i got rewards Olly
you are so helpful, thank you so much.
Show me most recent emails
Do I have any events today
Tell me the recipe to  make cake
Remove my dinner event for tomorrow.
Can you start my saved podcast?
Play my favorite station at 9pm.
Please remove my next event
Will the highest temperature be more than 70 degrees tomorrow?
Olly Kfix is my favorite rapper
Play the most current episode of Levin
Play Rocky Horror Playlist
please elaborate more on what you've said.
got the answer exactly.
PDA is Mr Pizza on skip the dishes?
i like you confirm the detail please.
you did fantastic work,.
find a recipe for homemade bread
Find lyrics of this song and save it. It is very nice song.
what train stations close to me also sell tickets
Where was the last Aerosmith concert?
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
Send reminder to friend list of tomorrow's birthday brunch.
sent to
Who's birthdays are today on Facebook?
that is unimportant, olly.
you're not correct.
list all emails with subject contract
speak it once again please.
PLEAE TELL ME ABOUT THE HISTORIC FACTS ABOUT INDIA
clarify last sentence once again to me please.
Is it going to rain on Friday?
I would like instructions on how to cook baked chicken.
Do I have to go to the gym?
Do I need to wear sunscreen today?
What is the traffic condition of Florida?
how big is the stone in this ring
please will you stop.
make some noise
thank you so much for the asssistance.
what are the train times to london bridge.
what will the date be next wensday
you are awesome, thank you very much, olly.
Olly, when does Panama City Mall open?
thank you for your answers, olly.
Olly how do I start making Lobster Bisque
PLEASE SET ALARM FOR ALL DAYS
yeap it is confirmed.
Keep quite.
Make a note to pay the electricity bill and remind me on Saturday at 9:00 a.m.
When is *** playing?
I am so hungry and tired and I think I might order some food now.
Please reply to this email.
clear all from <unk>
Create a blank list.
Cortana, open up contacts and add, email, something@gmail.com.
Any email from my client?
I need one cup of coffee.
one more time.
this must be some mistake.
please delete the next event on my calendar
What's traffic look like over the Golden Gate Bridge?
Can you tell me when my appointment is supposed to occur?
Take me to the most popular radio channel.
Send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
Find today's WaPo articles about Trump.
can you tell me what time is it
will you please check and confirm my last question.
Set an alarm for 7 am.
Olly, play a random podcast on my list.
v8 belongs on this week's grocery list.
s1, would you further explain me about that please.
why do people think?
Nightime
What is the current weather condition in my place
thanks but i think it was not the correct command.
I need to know more about the parade this weekend.
Set an alarm for 6am
What is a good taco recipe?
Give me the time in Phoenix, AZ
list out  my schedule today.
Bring up a complaint form.
Is there a need for sun glasses ?
clear all data from calendar
Can you confirm that my meeting for tomorrow has been cancelled?
it's cool, i appreciate it.
When can I get off Mr. Bones Wild Ride?
Call vikki
Alexa, Play my favorites.
s2, i did not quite catch that.
please could you reset.
How would be the weather today evening
which country's have a border to India
Fill me in on stock symbol
skip forward to the next episode
Is it probable that there would be rain in the forecast today?
go to the next event in the calendar and delete it
What is today's temperature?
Remove the 2nd row from the list
what hour now
Remember dinner on Thursday at Bistro Italia.
When can I pick up my order?
browsing centres
check what said.
Between 10pm and 9am all emails received is to be replied to.
Book me a cab going to 'location'.
yeap right.
tell me more about the concert on Friday's night
Set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at 5:00PM
Is it a rainy and stormy day?
Search Nandy
Show me what I did today.
Stop/ play
i would not know.
Book a train ticket to boston tomorrow.
Did the Yankees win last night?
Tell me if The Olive Garden allows takeway.
please can you stop.
Can you start FM 89.0 radio channel
delete all events
Greeting of the day and PDA states date after greeting
read list of new emails
TELL ME IF MY ALARM IS SET FOR THE MORNING?
I would like you to start up youtube
Next train to D.C.
fantastic job, you did well.
where was the train wreck
Alter Lunch Event to repeat every Friday
what is glass made of?
stop, i think you have messed up with my command.
describe about the computer hard disk
this was not what i wanted.
thanks for the answer.
What is the current date today?
let me know the time in india
Can you tell me where is...
What is two hundred divided by thirteen?
What will be tomorrow's weather in this location
How many contacts are there named John.
respond to all that I am on my way
please do not answer
Has anything new happened with _____?
please show me lists
can you please check the command.
What will be the weather today afternnon
It was a great day Olly.
will you check and confirm last thing said.
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
can you please explain me more on your answer.
What song is that?
the weather forecast
Tell what is the value of sin 30
Convert the American dollar to the EU euro.
Begin reply...
Bring up my current provider information.
Hey Google play some jazz music for me.
does not matter for me, olly.
stop and start over.
Play some classic rock before I lose my mind.
good response to the command.
How many new emails have I gotten
Any new emails from Derek?
invite people to the calendar event
Refresh the list with new one.
Please shut off the kitchen lights.
what date is my anniversary
Order chinese for delivery.
Olly, please make me a coffee using the coffe machine
Ok Google, is the dollar stronger than the pound?
dammit, not correct.
that's excellent, thanks, olly.
Will you dim all the lights.
PDA, Turn up your volume
excellent response.
When the even was started?
Person name
Where is the hottest desert located
PDA, Give me directions to my nearest bank location
can you tell me one more time again.
i don't really mind for anything.
forex rates
What day of the week is the 21st of MAy?
Schedule my meeting with my girlfriend Lisa in the night today at 9 PM.
remove my morning alarm
Please start me some coffee.
please ask mr. Coffee to make a latte
Olly, Describe the feaures of a 2017 toyota 86 for me.
i want the light to be switched off.
Will it snow tomorrow at noon?
Can you play a rap station?
What is the definition of subjegant?
you are smart, olly.
book me a ticket for a train to new york from boston in two days from now
thanks but i think that's not right response.
uh no, it's not the right answer.
Send Email to Bro and say Hi come down for dinner tonight
How long does it take the train to get from here to the Met?
What shops are around here?
do you know recipe for risotto
open papa pear saga
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order.
Is there a chili cookoff this weekend?
ute me about <unk>
clarify me on your answers again please.
Is there any email from Emilia?
that's cool,.
What is the current stock price for amazon?
bring up papa pear saga
Plesae let me know the current time at New Delhi
should i wear a coat to the pool
does dominos has a delivery option.
What is the time in Geneva?
good job, you did well.
i am sorry but i think you had that incorrect.
what time does the train were on arrive at the next station?
yeap please.
Should i wear gloves tonight?
Remove next event in calendar
order a pizza for me
Lights Dim
reply to last email, say 'sorry cannot make it'
i am sorry but i think you don't get the response right.
Is Wyatt's birthday party at 10pm?
What is the definition of timeliness?
I want the wemo socket off.
awesome job, you have done well.
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
rowan atkinson info
uhh no, i think you've done this incorrectly.
alexa dollar to euro exchange rate
tweet a customer complaint on the service at the long horn steak house alexa
PDA: What's 1/2 cup plus 2/3rd cup
Are there any emails I haven't read yet?
Can you call an Uber for me?
Open Emails
Add that song to my Top 10 favorites list
mobile shop
Look up 'melancholy'.
When is it going to snow next?
What is the correct time?
Is today's date the 9th?
what did you say.
Notify me when Trump is in the news
When is Shakira's birthday?
Remind me about next meeting in advance.
What's going around in the world these days?
check email and what is the latest subject?
yeap that's fantastic.
Play (genre) radio
who has covered this song?
best restaurant in local area
I want to start a new list.
confirm detail.
I want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in California.
Play Rein in Blood by Slayer at five AM tomorrow to make sure I actually wake up.
i was unclear about your words.
turn the news on
i want you to check command please.
Recipe for Spaghetti
Generate fresh list.
I need the stock price for Amazon.
How is the weather where I am?
following scenario to answer questions
Hey Olly, today i was fired from my job.
Please play the newest podcast
Whats the time now?
it does not matter with me, olly.
Can I find a shop that sells Italian Suits?
What time does the downtown parade start?
What is the capital of Oregon?
remind this event in future
i like you to confirm question please.
Is my school alarm set?
i can't get your answer.
please tell me the latest news about politics
Olly, brew coffee
PDA send email to Carl that I will be late for work tomorrow.
Please resume my audiobook.
Has Mary responded to me email yet?
What does the word Hypocrisy mean
please modify that command.
i like you to confirm detail please.
Pause the audiobook.
Send an email to...
Vacuum living room.
please turn off the kitchen
Display all unread messages from my gmail account.
remove list
What time does the train to place leave?
oops, it's not correct.
alexa set an alarm for 4pm tuesday
What time is my eye doctor appointment on the 23rd?
Notify me about birthdays of all my facebook friends.
I need to know events scheduled for the weekend
Customer service complaint - tweet the following...
What is going on today in Biloxi
equalize the bass of this music.
please say one more again.
new address
What time is it now in the Eastern timezone?
Increase volume by two levels
Set a reminder i need to wake up at 5 Am every morning
Do I have any appointments today?
I WANT YOU TO PLAY MY SOCCEER GAME FROM 5TH LEVEL.
healthy foods
tell me the temp in pheonix PDA.
can you tell me about animal kingdom in amazon forest
Olly i got into a wreck today
I need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown.
Book train best deal
what is your biggest city?
Olly, can you tell me where to shop for clothes near my current location?
tell me the weather in utah
repeat marriage day
would you please check what i last said.
What information should i know for my meetings today?
Tell me the time in another city in US
Please post a status on Twitter. Say:
Tell me if i have any unread new emails
olly i want to hear some rap please
i have no idea about what to do.
Remove calendar events for this week
PDA,Shuffle the songs in the music library.
olly I need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
Set a birthday event for Wednesday
put xxx on the list
What is the price of Ford Stock?
How many cups in a quart?
What are they saying about Donald Trump on Fox
Customer service from Microsoft never called me back
Olly play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
could you speak one more again.
reply to email from name
queue True Love
Is the train time to a location long
Can you please switch of the lights?
What is the definition of succinct?
Make a reminder at 1PM every Monday until I I remove it.
What's up in the nieghbourhood?
change lights
Please schedule an appointment at my doctor for a prostate exam on Friday.
Take out available, Louies
What is (9+4/5-3)^10?
are you married
Add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday.
book a rental cab of Uber
no, i think this was not the correct answer.
pls turn on all the outdoor lights
Do I have any emails from Jessica?
play melody songs
I need everything deleted from calendar please.
pause, put this song on after this song
Book me a cab olly
please send a mail to Mr. richard  stating that i going to met him on 1/2/2017 at 5 pm at this office.
Set a monthly event.
time zone between india and US
i would talk to you later.
Remove Thanks Giving event from my calendar
Play music by Taylor Swift
have no idea for which to choose, olly.
Will it be nice at the beach on friday?
What is Charles's email?
Remind me later.
Hey share me some joke to make me happy
i do not mind for whatever.
Rate between these currencies
PDA! Remind my friend to get the assignment tomorow
alexa event calendar monas wedding tuesday
change house light from green to red.
Olly I love Kfix so much he's by far my favorite
Fire in Columbus, Ohio.
thanks but i think you have me not correct.
please turn up the volume
olly turn on some rap music
shit, i think you did that in wrong manner.
help me in knowing the background of person X
I would like to hear some good funny jokes.
that does not really matter to me.
where is the Grand Canyon
Tweet a negative review to @companyname
which restaurants offer take out food?
my party planning
Don't let me forget tomorrow's meeting with Sheila.
hi, how are you doing today?
Can I carry out with this restaurant?
How does (insert model) do her makeup?
Play some good background musc
Alexa, remind me daily about Inauguration Function
Start my robot vacuum cleaner
be silent for 30 minutes
Can you delete the doctors appoitment i had tuesday.
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with my request.
Do I have a list of contacts for the party I'm planning
I'd like to cancel the trip to Vegas next week
Turn off any morning alarms after Friday
send to the contact an email as follows:
doesn't matter for me.
Please tell me what's on my todo list for today.
that's not what i am searching for.
would you explain further on it to me please.
Add this email to my contact
What is the weather in Seattle now?
What I can do with laptop
Add to Instagram:
I have a meeting with Al on March 21st at ten
Add an event starting at 3 PM in Goshen, New York on May 5th for Dan's Graduation.
Google, How hot does water need to be to boil?
remind me at
create an item to be added to my list.
thanks but i think it's wrong.
Please mark  the wemo socket to off
Remove the list of apps which started with letter A
Did we get any update from the new provider?
get rid of a list
tell me the date
Much more clearer and subject oriented
Note to self:saturday 16th of March, 8:00, Valia's wedding
Check for me new emails recieved from Peter
i think you have made a mistake, please rectify this.
Show current track in music player.
Remove car insurance from bills list
does not really matter to me.
What day of the week is 1st april?
Latest news on traffic at my current location.
Where did Rama go on his final journey?
whats going on in cincinnati
Remove from my shopping list everything
where is the nearest pub in the city?
Find me today's headlines at CNN
please remind me my doctor appointment on 13th July?
i am sorry but i think it's not correct response.
I'd like you to turn turn on the TV.
What do you want to do today?
you have done that right appreciated.
What's the answer to the universe?
when the birthday will be
PDA, access my Clue app and tell me what day of my cycle I am on.
How did Charlize Theron learn how to speak English?
post pic on my phone on facebook alexa
reply to that email
What were the last five lists I made?
replay what said please.
When was Bryan Adams born?
consequences to actions
Remind me to call mom every Tuesday at 10 AM.
Olly can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti?
Please describe the new Onkyo AV receiver
what is the temperature to cook chicken in the oven alexa
Get rid of all my scheduled events.
What is this weeks weather forecast?
Can you tell me about wayne gretszky
it's good work, i appreciate it.
it is of no importance, olly.
Play my most listened songs
Olly, does that new Chinese restaurant deliver?
olly put wash the car to my to do list
Has Mary posted anything to facebook today?
Refresh Email inbox
Add an event labeled Dan's Graduation party May 5th in Goshen.
yeah you have got my instructions exactly.
Do I have any new emails from Dan?
When was Angelina Jolie born
get me new difintion.
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
delete 'sherlock holmes' from library
open grocery list and add milk
play underground rap
i need to hear what said again.
how much
Please remove this list
opinion about latest gadgets.
What day of the week does July 4th fall on this year?
TOMAROW WILL BE CONDUTING AN MEETTING IN REQUIERD MANER
thanks but i think you messed up with.
switch lights to red tone
I would like to talk about it.
What is the five day forecast?
brightness 90 percent
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
please change that command.
Please tell me what time is now in canada
get radio
post 'hey everyone' on FB
Please start radio
count down for the birthday of XXXXXXXX
Schedule a meeting event in my calendar.
What year did Elvis die?
Will a 2015 Fiesta be worth anything in 3 years?
Did X replied to me on mail ?
Turn on vacuum cleaning
LESS STOCK PRICE
What's the latest in my social media
Go to the last episode.
Tweet walmart and ask why they still havn't mopped the sticky floor.
Create an event for a John's birthday
Get rid of bananas on the list
What is the exchange rate as of today
What time is it in mountain time zone?
Open playlist 5
Take me to the next episode if her story.
what alarms I have set?
How far away is...?
have i received any mentions on twitter
recorded program may be listened on future days
do the restaurant deliver?
please play rap
Find a recipe for dinner tonight
Get the Duet game.
workout playlist
geo info
What day of the week is the 23rd of this month?
PDA, compose this email to this new email address
What was the date when the Plum Street Temple in Cincinnati, Ohio was built.
Please play radio when whether forcast is playing.
record
compose email to a new address
where is my meeting at 9AM?
go to the next episode in this podcast
Give me Petey's telephone number.
i can't get that.
I want to hear Beyonce.
Turn on the vacuum now
Please convert 9 AM CST to EST time
Tell me when there is new news about Donald Trump
Resume The Art of War
please could you speak what i've said one more time again.
I want to add something to my calendar.
When does the next meeting start?
When is the next SEPTA train to Philadelphia?
What is the traffic situation at the bazaar highway
Tell me about Amazon's history
Let me hear a joke
What is the highest mountain in Asia?
yeap your understanding was confirmed.
i was not so clear about this.
PDA, stream Poker Face by Lady Gaga
Show me current exchange rate between euros and other currencies
musch appreciated, it's good one, olly.
Is there traffic?
Any mail marked as Important ?
Please describe this sunset for me.
Are jello shots calorie free?
Open email, check messages
Play next segment
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
Do I have any emails from Katherine?
What is the exchange rate for Philippine pesos?
I need you to convert 9 AM CST to EST time
PDA, turn on the radio to kiss fm.
OLLY, LET'S EMAIL SANDY
See if... is available for a meeting on Monday.
did you get the question correctly?
What does (insert) mean ?
Play me a song by Van Halen
How do you think the world ends?
i think that's not correct answer.
Can you see what Andrew emailed me about?
please could you clarify your answer further to me.
it does not really matter to me, olly.
what time is the parade set for today
what we got in that meeting which held yesterday.
let us try again.
Is it true the gym is 7 miles away
What day of the week is it?
This alarm needs to be permanently silenced.
Create e-mail to Yulia
Play my favorite songs.
nope, i did not say it.
Where is denmark?
Robots
Where was Will Ferrell seen last night?
Get recipe for making a hotdog
Play for me the programme Americal idol
How many reminders do I have
Please send a notification when John replies
play one love
Are there any alarms
tweet a customer complaint to the subway website alexa
what are the concerts happening nearby?
get ready for the upcoming meeting before the given time
What is the answer to (specific question)?
What is the biggest city in the world?
I want to Dance to the tune of Raghu Dixit
i think you have done all incorrectly.
What time do I have my alarm set for tomorrow?
Can I order out?
Will I need sunblock this weekend?
Olly, I just cleaned my car,
Events in <City>
tell me when my moms birthday is
clear my calendar of all events
Remove apple from list
please explain me on it once again.
Do I have coffee on the grocery list?
Please tell me my alarms
you have got the answer right.
i was not clear about your answers.
it is great one, thank you.
please would you check the instruction.
What happened last week?
Show me what shops are around me.
USA Today Headlines
Google can you book me a ticket on the train for tomorrow.
fantastic response to the command.
PDA, play me the WVAQ radio channel.
Look up word
Please save my opinion about the song that is currently playing.
Remove x playlist
have you responded my phone calls
olly please just cancel.
Remove the alarm set for 10pm
delete call newspaper from my vacation list
is 1005 divisible by 3
List things on my list.
Can you play Nakumukka
What was Elvis Presley's birthday?
yeap good response to command.
Reply email to Charlotte
any runs on the west side
do i have to bring jacket?
current forex rates
what do you mean by it.
Please read any e-mails from the yesterday aloud.
did I received an email from rohit?
PDA delete last entry
Check if alarm is set for 6 AM
Alexa, play Over the rainbow
yeap you have done answer exactly.
olly tell me how to cook spaghetti
What are the list of things I need to buy today?
Play music from VTV
schedule for this weekend
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
delete the list please
what is the weekend weather forecast?
Does the restaurant have delivery?
you have done it perfectly.
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan.
My friend emails me to check
Where am I supposed to be Wednesday from 2 to 11?
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
Please talk softer.
I have a sales meeting this Thursday at 7:00 AM please notify me and add to calander.
can you tell me your last things spoke once more please.
Remove all events from calendar.
god
Tell me the weather in Miami Florida.
Set notification for all-day meeting April 20th
whats the day today
Who is the wife of Obama ?
I'd like to delete the middle list.
What is my schedule for tomorrow morning.
What traits would be on a moral inventory?
Find a taxi service close to me.
Please play the beatles, PS. I love you
Turn on alarm 30 minutes before liverpool started to play
Compare weather, home and San Antonio Texas
dammit, not right command.
events in the local are?
How is rice prepared ?
what day is the 15th
Make a repeting reminder for this calender event.
set an alarm for 2 hours from now please
