

===== gpt2_perplexity =====

=== 10 samples around top0% === 
rank:     1/42849, score: 17.4,    paraphrase: "now i have to pay for a bit more, that is what i need to do, and why should i have to pay?"
rank:     2/42849, score: 19.8,    paraphrase: "i do have any readily available currency, but it is very hard for me to find the kind of currency that can be readily available on a regular basis."
rank:     3/42849, score: 21.4,    paraphrase: "why would it be possible for me to get my own card and give it to a daughter of mine?"
rank:     4/42849, score: 22.5,    paraphrase: "even if i don't know what to do, i will not be able to use a european bank card?."
rank:     5/42849, score: 23.2,    paraphrase: "i want to close my account in order to make sure it is possible for me to verify my identity by using my credit card records."
rank:     6/42849, score: 23.7,    paraphrase: "hey, i am going to be unable to use my card, for some other reason, all the time."
rank:     7/42849, score: 24.5,    paraphrase: "hello, i did not receive any funds. i would not be able to transfer money to another account for my job at the shop."
rank:     8/42849, score: 24.6,    paraphrase: "so, i have a desire for it to be able to replace an existing one with the current one."
rank:     9/42849, score: 24.8,    paraphrase: "hi, why do i have to ask you to tell me so i can verify my personal information and prove my identity at this time."
rank:    10/42849, score: 24.9,    paraphrase: "hello, i have moved to another area of the city, but i have had to switch my name to my new home address, as well."

=== 10 samples around top1% === 
rank:   424/42849, score: 39.8,    paraphrase: "hello, i tried to transference to a receiver but they don't do it. i think it went wrong, or something that was wrong with them."
rank:   425/42849, score: 39.8,    paraphrase: "please, can you please provide me with a complete list of funds that i have available from my records."
rank:   426/42849, score: 39.8,    paraphrase: "there is a non existent amount of foreign currency used in my draft, and there seems to be some concern about it is being used for the exchange rate."
rank:   427/42849, score: 39.8,    paraphrase: "i would like to activate my nt, but i don't want to establish the identity of the person who wish to be there."
rank:   428/42849, score: 39.8,    paraphrase: "hi, i asked if i had to pay so much for my gas that i paid to the atm, but it is not paid into my own personal account. can you please tell me why?"
rank:   429/42849, score: 39.9,    paraphrase: "hey, i might not have been paranoid, but now i am worried about someone else who is just using me, please help!"
rank:   430/42849, score: 39.9,    paraphrase: "i need it to be delivered on a new date rather than what i wanted if i need for it to be ordered and then delivered on a new date."
rank:   431/42849, score: 39.9,    paraphrase: "what should i do if i believe that my purchase has been made by someone who has taken my money from abroad."
rank:   432/42849, score: 39.9,    paraphrase: "i made a payment before and it does not seem to take too long for it to go through in any of them."
rank:   433/42849, score: 39.9,    paraphrase: "if so, i am unable to with any of the commonwealths. i don't wish to be supported by the commonwealth."

=== 10 samples around top25% === 
rank: 10708/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "hi, i did not touch my car, i was just topped off and had been there. is a motorcar and there was no theft or stolen going on?!"
rank: 10709/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "hello. i just checked, i drew my pin from there was a while ago, but now it is blank yet. so i am still in the pin. how can i seem to passcode to the app?!"
rank: 10710/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "hi, i think someone else applying and have to verify my identity. if they use my card, it should be a free of charge me."
rank: 10711/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "i started working immediately, but i froze my account when i made an order to find a replacement for my broken one."
rank: 10712/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "hello, i am tired and was unable to use all means of transportation available, i could not finish a transfer there."
rank: 10713/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "my transfer has come through, and can not seem to time to ask myself why. i don't have my own account number, but waiting for some sort of identity verification if there is a double check, please help?!"
rank: 10714/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "i think my kids are immature and will not allow me to open an account for my kids at the busines. how long does the relationship between them?"
rank: 10715/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "hi, i was checking some old statements that i sent over a while back to make a draft of my statement about the company and its policies regarding the financials. the amount showing up on my statement is so much i have already requested and have been deposited to ensure we don't do, as i have been denied and deposited."
rank: 10716/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "hi, i have just discovered i have a new customer from a vendor who recently took some money out from which i just double checked it in person over there at the busines are not showing up, but my relationship with one of them should be sorted back as quickly. can you get the pay fixed and the money both back as soon as possible?"
rank: 10717/42849, score: 80.3,    paraphrase: "the atm did not give me the correct amount applied to my amount requested it was extremely hard for me to get more cash than the amount i requested"

=== 10 samples around top50% === 
rank: 21420/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "how can i get money from another country to this account. i deposited my friends, both bless. a while back in the same town. first time they were sent to separate accounts and then had the receiver put it back into the same busines as i don't want a close relationship with them."
rank: 21421/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "hey there, i was working for defer and that they made a payment using my card. i definitely did not make this deal. the message has already passed. how long could it be top up my card with another account or to loan it a friend??"
rank: 21422/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "you have an exchange rate that i did not set up to when my funds are limited by a transfer."
rank: 21423/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "i rather than using by any other means my livelihood, despite it being a solar powered. i had it on the day before. it happened days ago! i put money in the banked it but it still frozen can not hold it up."
rank: 21424/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "i do want to get you to help me to figure out my identity, but for reasons for identity verification still not works well with my card, and they did prove it from me."
rank: 21425/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "how do you do here, my i can not get hold of either mine or my mastercard. what should i do"
rank: 21426/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "i would like to get a refund my statement, but i don't want that amount back. cancel a purchase still pending?!"
rank: 21427/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "i have worked abroad and it is becoming urgent. i have been accused because i am not seem to be receiving so much."
rank: 21428/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "how long should be able to receive my new card that i need urgently and urgently that hebdomad x. over two weeks ago, i don't seem to have received my new card. how much long will it take its take to be supplied by the us?"
rank: 21429/42849, score: 110,     paraphrase: "i have to verify my identity but am required to use my card to do a second payment in a different currency at interchange hill. i think that the exchange rate is wrong."

=== 10 samples around top75% === 
rank: 32132/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "my account shows that i made a cash deposit, but both mended it by me! a e hi defrayment. i just got to my accounts yesterday, so can i get the pending rent deposit while also proving there is an error on the account."
rank: 32133/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "please help! there is an extra fee that was recently applied to my recent acquiring business, but i am looking really hard. can you find out that foreign currency you can hold?!"
rank: 32134/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "what should i do i need to link money to my new card after i transferred my access to this account?!"
rank: 32135/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "i need some help to figure this out why the closest interchange that has the funds coming from my explicate but i run out of money, can you help?"
rank: 32136/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "i can happen in any form that i have not only in a tangible, but also the virtual form of type y."
rank: 32137/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "i have an account balance so it is not seem to be updated monthly, but only recently has hebdomads there, having already deposited some money into them."
rank: 32138/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "hi, what are the virtual cards that i can do you offer these services, or provide your support details."
rank: 32139/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "how long does it take to refund that i have not been credited with, on my personal or my statement have any additional information."
rank: 32140/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "what should i do to have money here even if i just got 20. for any reason. what limit to some of my maximum amount of top up cards?"
rank: 32141/42849, score: 154,     paraphrase: "hi, i have a strike for exactly the same i just sent down a payment to my account from the previous payment and most recent, transaction for which can i?"

=== 10 samples around top99% === 
rank: 42416/42849, score: 427,     paraphrase: "i update my description of the greatly altered balance and points out that among other measures should be a minimum."
rank: 42417/42849, score: 427,     paraphrase: "hi there, hi rescript, eu, currencies. can you please explain my customer support assignments?"
rank: 42418/42849, score: 427,     paraphrase: "i was charged an extra amount of time because i changed disposable di. i like to give second cards to certain people."
rank: 42419/42849, score: 428,     paraphrase: "my card payment was not featuring fee on my account for my recent troubles, but now i be charged for exchanging cards often?"
rank: 42420/42849, score: 428,     paraphrase: "i do you travel to much longer, why does it take my card out because it its urgent because it clip it?!"
rank: 42421/42849, score: 428,     paraphrase: "i used an atm today. they told me about my withdrawal but getting an error message. please refund that i did correct!"
rank: 42422/42849, score: 428,     paraphrase: "many stores fail to accept foreign currency from the usa, however shows like your defer! they refuse all payment from the united states."
rank: 42423/42849, score: 429,     paraphrase: "they show is well executed and fine deal with retrovert some of the detail on the original top up."
rank: 42424/42849, score: 429,     paraphrase: "hi, as trois pay res is not as open to the publica minor, a di me, a ply me, can someone else support your system."
rank: 42425/42849, score: 429,     paraphrase: "please can you keep in contactless tell me. there is a strange payment listed as in employment fee abroad."

=== 10 samples around top100% === 
rank: 42840/42849, score: 1.19e+03, paraphrase: "have charges filed pending and for some reason will transferral?"
rank: 42841/42849, score: 1.22e+03, paraphrase: ", can seem get copy my statement. ordered sent the of constabulary, how do i to write out first third of expedition report how i go upon deposit finishing second and i getting when second of report?"
rank: 42842/42849, score: 1.25e+03, paraphrase: "hello. just i made bank transference working in france may 24 - hour time with interval which they done yesterday and its not showing as within account! hi"
rank: 42843/42849, score: 1.27e+03, paraphrase: "do do have grinds why i to charged an extra fee paying with card?"
rank: 42844/42849, score: 1.32e+03, paraphrase: "the movie i directed to show that separably to her."
rank: 42845/42849, score: 1.45e+03, paraphrase: "you why, there be an extra pound charge my statement"
rank: 42846/42849, score: 1.46e+03, paraphrase: "i think that card payment made discontinued, its not functioning anymore"
rank: 42847/42849, score: 1.64e+03, paraphrase: "tell why, there be an allowance the physical cards i"
rank: 42848/42849, score: 2.52e+03, paraphrase: "you why company you me trying cancel my recent transfer?"
rank: 42849/42849, score: 8.42e+03, paraphrase: "there substantiation?"


===== dist-2 vs. minibatch =====

=== 10 samples around top0% === 
rank:     1/42849, score: 0.868,   paraphrase: "hi, i have distributed i not received all amount of the cash i deposited, but rather, i quested some of it already."
                                   batch: "i deposited a check that was double handed back in advance but it has taken out the deposit. its going to be hard for me to find the cash withdrawal. can i verify that you called me a few times are they look for the pending transfer?!"
                                   batch: "i have visited an atm in front of this morning and again, and they went it now appears it gave 10 instead of 10 pounds to me to use my salary once instead of 20 and 30 pounds for each pound but my transaction i finally found out was correct. there was cash from nowhere that could recall i request cash because its being held up so that i don't travel anywhere since the item is very hard to buy. please send one for me on why i can not seem to find out why if i need cash available in any of my country and use those currency for some reason. please would like you please please assist me in proving its correct, or else we appear to simply not being able to bespoke for opinion. the wrong account and?"
                                   batch: "hi, i have distributed i not received all amount of the cash i deposited, but rather, i quested some of it already."
                                   batch: "some cash deposit was just handed to me earlier but it was not out the correct. they checked it very hard. can you see if the foreign currency is that i had been requested as much as expected."
                                   batch: "in transfer occurred, hi, some money from a receiver passed through my account and im needing to check on it. i have already sent out of funds yet but returned to double check. the amount seems to bespoke my statement. it says either been too much to do or it is very hard. please tell me i can you find how to top up the cash that was deposited for my account?!"
rank:     2/42849, score: 0.868,   paraphrase: "i show a transaction billed as eu surplu!, which means eu withdrawal of money."
                                   batch: "i show a transaction billed as eu surplu!, which means eu withdrawal of money."
                                   batch: "i just checked my account info and see that it was free and got charged an extra fee. i am a frequent customer. i should have been using the atm for supernumerary to my account, it looks like i am sure of this happened and that my account is correct as it is still pending. there was a charge for the withdrawal we requested. what is going with the fees charged here for this large withdraw?!"
                                   batch: "hi, i am supposed to be billed for being used by my exces. i did my monthly, and withdrawal fees."
                                   batch: "can you please explain to me why i think i am getting billed on extra frequent and so am urgently needing to spare some money due to this being my first but most recent cash withdrawal, i should not showing up enough? thanks"
                                   batch: "records show that i was billed as one of the two supererogatory flights, i made a 500 cash withdrawal and was fraud."
rank:     3/42849, score: 0.867,   paraphrase: "during a match, which was billed as being refuse can i spare time! i drew less."
                                   batch: "during a match, which was billed as being refuse can i spare time! i drew less."
                                   batch: "hi, i went to pay on the first day ahead of a live show from my account on the first account i noticed that they already did show as billed, but then second payment as being much less now or rather i expect to have paid more for a couple hours supernumerary on this. this case has not occurred a few days recently. however, when i paid once and over again it drew an even more, saying that it was supposed to charge for the show a bit bit less amount than i expected after a long time frame for it to top off properly. can you be sure if the case is pending for too long time?"
                                   batch: "hello, you show that i was being careful and have billed to myself in some online accounts as some sort of supererogatory we had warned too long ago, but then i told the impression when we drew near that it was actually a little bit. i have a fee for topping off of my pass bill was for free! what is this please?"
                                   batch: "please explain why i was being billed. i was getting an extra fee when i withdrew some cash from there."
                                   batch: "more than one time it took for my money to be sent out, but its proving to be redundant is that in last night i was billed twice for 30 pounds!"
rank:     4/42849, score: 0.863,   paraphrase: "withdraw my correct amount of cash but it seems to bespoke. i did not able to use atm, please help"
                                   batch: "hi there, just today i had a cash withdrawal in my account from an atm. it has not been for too long. the transaction is pending, i quested all of the 30 cash that was already withdrawn from my account."
                                   batch: "withdraw my correct amount of cash but it seems to bespoke. i did not able to use atm, please help"
                                   batch: "hi, i am supposed to work hard when trying to withdraw cash. i got what is called an extra cash withdrawal, and for when i went into the atm and charged a fee!"
                                   batch: "hello, i am finding it very hard to find and find the cash i requested. even though requested for it go into the atm. where should i?"
                                   batch: "hi, hi, how long. its been and usually very long and very hard. please let me so i can find out how to exchange currency often. hello i say that i have been charged for something in the so called russian pounds because there was an error, and there is there any way for us to continue to use the foreign currency when it came from an atm in this country?!"
rank:     5/42849, score: 0.858,   paraphrase: "hi, there are not on my, but i list of countries in which you will support without changing my details."
                                   batch: "would like to look back at a statement on my bill after trying to buy a flat in in france which appears on my long list. i appreciate the 30 of the greatest funds of the united nations. i have visited it several times as well. i hit upon seeing a charge e n, well plunk n p y, well i just bought an large house in france and can i it has been pending for so long for all my money go through?"
                                   batch: "hi, there are not on my, but i list of countries in which you will support without changing my details."
                                   batch: "is there something that is because i have been to several different countries for a little while but is it back in my account?!"
                                   batch: "after a while since a while ago, my id is not showing. i am good as i was in the low lands. how long will it be helpful in the endorse!!"
                                   batch: "hi, for the course of the day in your service, for i did do. visited eu two days ago, in trois fr res hotel. that is where i would open an account to the publica ii. please can you say that they have anything about an indorse, and it is just too much!!"
rank:     6/42849, score: 0.857,   paraphrase: "regarding virtual cards, needed, you make sure from your app that you support for exchanging x. eu currency x with currency y?"
                                   batch: "how long do vacation do you have to know if there were any plunk? it is too much to account for and make a lot of currency payments at one time."
                                   batch: "regarding virtual cards, needed, you make sure from your app that you support for exchanging x. eu currency x with currency y?"
                                   batch: "i need my money as quickly as soon as possible. i requested you, and still have enough and must be quick and able to send it happening back and forth, each of my funds with them. what is the currency that i did not give up in?!"
                                   batch: "please help, i need you some assistance. i guess in the endorse one of the ones with the wrong currency on my list."
                                   batch: "hi, this was very well advised not to let me with transfers from you. i don't making it. if we want to continue buying from plump. i must have noticed that the exchange rate is right enough for all of this sort out a lot. it is more information about exchanging currency than i see on your bill?!"
rank:     7/42849, score: 0.857,   paraphrase: "can you explain why my sudden is still a pending transferee vs. please please transfer from the incur for fair."
                                   batch: "please explain why i have requested a and it went through., the incur allowed me to transfer the money to them."
                                   batch: "how long ago can i cancel a transferee 2. please please help from the incur, and i wish it it through."
                                   batch: "i just contacted a bank account receiver, who have contacted my landlord and told them they deposited me that they received the best of per day. they say that we had contacted repeatedly by that receiver earlier, but he is still has able to allow me to withdraw some money from another one just ahead of my purchase with right amount. do you really need to transfer these funds directly from this point before today and he still have the place is all at this time but since now found out that it has been giving very keen to receive the bill from a nearby house house incur limited. i it not buying enough funds in front of nowhere, he should be so as soon as possible so i did not have any trouble with them about its status or current status?"
                                   batch: "i would like to, your incur will not be able to do a transferee 2. as i thought it was fair."
                                   batch: "can you explain why my sudden is still a pending transferee vs. please please transfer from the incur for fair."
rank:     8/42849, score: 0.855,   paraphrase: "as advised by you make sure. avert or any more duplicate charges. please advise my assistance in the future instances of duplicate cards."
                                   batch: "hello, it may be more than 2 weeks ago. however, fend the bay area and one of the seals. there is a reason for topping off my report. we are still getting any complaints. please explain how long i get this to go through in the future or what can you do this happen??"
                                   batch: "please keep declining my purchases with you, please, it really do so desperately want going abroad and avoid the transaction and being subject to extra small charges before i have any fees on holiday. when i requested your service can you provide me with these complaints after i did this and i am a loyal to the customer for me and i am definitely not interested in getting all of the money to get hereafter or prefer to stay out of trouble?!"
                                   batch: "as advised by you make sure. avert or any more duplicate charges. please advise my assistance in the future instances of duplicate cards."
                                   batch: "over the last week already, the debar has tried to raise some charges, but they keep showing up every time. can you tell what to happen and provide proof it has not come back to me?"
                                   batch: "hey, there are still some weird charges on my account back in my home stave it down please! this should top off the app immediately! is not kung futurity is fair."
rank:     9/42849, score: 0.854,   paraphrase: "please explain why i have requested a and it went through., the incur allowed me to transfer the money to them."
                                   batch: "please explain why i have requested a and it went through., the incur allowed me to transfer the money to them."
                                   batch: "how long ago can i cancel a transferee 2. please please help from the incur, and i wish it it through."
                                   batch: "i just contacted a bank account receiver, who have contacted my landlord and told them they deposited me that they received the best of per day. they say that we had contacted repeatedly by that receiver earlier, but he is still has able to allow me to withdraw some money from another one just ahead of my purchase with right amount. do you really need to transfer these funds directly from this point before today and he still have the place is all at this time but since now found out that it has been giving very keen to receive the bill from a nearby house house incur limited. i it not buying enough funds in front of nowhere, he should be so as soon as possible so i did not have any trouble with them about its status or current status?"
                                   batch: "i would like to, your incur will not be able to do a transferee 2. as i thought it was fair."
                                   batch: "can you explain why my sudden is still a pending transferee vs. please please transfer from the incur for fair."
rank:    10/42849, score: 0.854,   paraphrase: "how long ago can i cancel a transferee 2. please please help from the incur, and i wish it it through."
                                   batch: "please explain why i have requested a and it went through., the incur allowed me to transfer the money to them."
                                   batch: "how long ago can i cancel a transferee 2. please please help from the incur, and i wish it it through."
                                   batch: "i just contacted a bank account receiver, who have contacted my landlord and told them they deposited me that they received the best of per day. they say that we had contacted repeatedly by that receiver earlier, but he is still has able to allow me to withdraw some money from another one just ahead of my purchase with right amount. do you really need to transfer these funds directly from this point before today and he still have the place is all at this time but since now found out that it has been giving very keen to receive the bill from a nearby house house incur limited. i it not buying enough funds in front of nowhere, he should be so as soon as possible so i did not have any trouble with them about its status or current status?"
                                   batch: "i would like to, your incur will not be able to do a transferee 2. as i thought it was fair."
                                   batch: "can you explain why my sudden is still a pending transferee vs. please please transfer from the incur for fair."

=== 10 samples around top1% === 
rank:   424/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "my card payment has been declined for the fact i am still seeking to make a withdrawal from the atm."
                                   batch: "went shopping a few days, i checked the exchange rate first but it suddenly that amount it was declined every time even though i did! there still have no on exchange rate for an atm. just noticed that on the second and third my charges were more than all of five pounds allowing for extra pound this. my essaying, i have been checking account it not anywhere since making a full withdrawal so much what is going with the exchange rate for these large transaction?"
                                   batch: "my seems to have been declined when i am being charged for a withdrawal from the atm where i was attempting to withdraw."
                                   batch: "hello. i got declined message a few times when i was trying to make a 500 cash withdrawal from my atm abroad."
                                   batch: "my bill was rejected at a restaurant i took out of my account the other day and paid its assaying the bill with any kind of cash withdrawal. why is my money with this?!"
                                   batch: "my card payment has been declined for the fact i am still seeking to make a withdrawal from the atm."
rank:   425/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "i should not have passed on my account without seeing any more cash, or the bank. i did not receive the deposit as expected."
                                   batch: "hello, i did have a bank account but had not received my bank deposit yet but still pending it is hard for me to find the source of cash withdrawal, because it took longer than for any other place in the united states."
                                   batch: "i should not have passed on my account without seeing any more cash, or the bank. i did not receive the deposit as expected."
                                   batch: "i believe i may have went back and forth. i checked on the amount of cash i requested for or received at the bank. it did not in the full deposit i expected."
                                   batch: "i keep checking my statements and i happed all of them but it is very hard for me to find the cash as i will not be able to deposit in them."
                                   batch: "i have no funds that passed through yet. i got a top off my bill. i was trying really hard. can you find out where foreign currency we can get my money, the bank has not been approved of the pending deposit yet?!"
rank:   426/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "you did not specify any exchange rates or exchange rates, and i don't want to assign them."
                                   batch: "i requested that there be an interchange with your department. the charges gave me are 30 to 30 pounds per hour for each or 20 per square unit second. if i request a second impute here, and no!"
                                   batch: "hello i noticed there was an interchange fee and i noticed charges if i charged less than one charge per day, or once per unit day. why don't want to assign more money to them."
                                   batch: "hi, you are confused about your exchange rate. there are charges here that i was charged 1 per pound, or less the uk unit amount, but i would like to attribute it for additional pounds."
                                   batch: "you did not specify any exchange rates or exchange rates, and i don't want to assign them."
                                   batch: "even if you are looking for the exchange rate, there are some strange charges. i need 30 to 30 times per day, or 10 for one unit of a second day, so ascribe should have any more."
rank:   427/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "im my account showing a list of submitted items. i am now dealing with issues, entered the wrong and had gone through a couple hours"
                                   batch: "hello. i just happened when i got old. you subjected my new product to a sort of awful amount of glare without giving a real deal twice! is it tell me, what i going to do with wrong if i need my card or something??"
                                   batch: "im my account showing a list of submitted items. i am now dealing with issues, entered the wrong and had gone through a couple hours"
                                   batch: "my new frame up after dealing with a victim who is doing the wrong thing. i had been subjected to so much!"
                                   batch: "i just checked the website to see that i have already submitted funds but not submit more. there seems to be the wrong message too many times. would you let me know i make a deal with you?!"
                                   batch: "there is an application i submitted to a seller but there was the deal there. i look and something wrong amount in the records."
rank:   428/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "i have several accounts that i read about and i play this role i am certain this did not happen to me."
                                   batch: "hi! the seller asked for some tickets online and just read my statement but i am still waiting on my payment at the office. can you give me one more chance, can you help me getting it please?"
                                   batch: "according to my statement, the receiver read : this morning i deposited a large part of my identity after an encounter with safe and sound."
                                   batch: "has my account been frozen. i read the statement from my office and saw there seems to have a bump that may have been."
                                   batch: "hi, i have been waiting for several of my statements and not able to read my statement over and over again. i see some progress on the most important part. could you please give me a bit of a chance, please help. thanks."
                                   batch: "i have several accounts that i read about and i play this role i am certain this did not happen to me."
rank:   429/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "my card is getting a declined message when doing a transfer and failing, this could occur a few days later."
                                   batch: "i can just see that a transfer to my friend has been declined yet, i would like to pass on this message."
                                   batch: "hi, i tried to do a transferee but i kept getting a rejected message. so how much does it take so long time in this place if it is instant?"
                                   batch: "i need help ahead of time on my transfer. i made more than one attempt to make sure it was refused at a seller, but it takes time now normally this works fine. yo hap, i still have had the pending cleared!"
                                   batch: "hi, i tried to do a transferee earlier, but the transaction turned out to wrong amount for the top down and the transfer has not come yet. what information do i need about this please."
                                   batch: "my card is getting a declined message when doing a transfer and failing, this could occur a few days later."
rank:   430/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "i see a double payment and i am sure it was not put through right away, i think the issue is please."
                                   batch: "could you explain if i made a card payment that i did not make. this does not seem to me to pose a problem. how can i get the opine and how do i fix this??"
                                   batch: "hello, i noticed that my exchange rate was incorrect for me for my payment last saturday. it seems to be in a very odd position and the amount on my account is quite different. i don't think that the exchange rate is correct."
                                   batch: "i see a double payment and i am sure it was not put through right away, i think the issue is please."
                                   batch: "i see a direct purchase payment in the app that i had set up, and i think you did it please."
                                   batch: "i need to verify a payment, but it still lay pending. so i did. i guess it has happened yet"
rank:   431/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "i am trying to get hold of a phone but repeatedly it is blocked after using the word. help please."
                                   batch: "i was trying to get hold of a check but it has been forgotten it. someone used to watchword on my payroll."
                                   batch: "i am trying to get hold of a phone but repeatedly it is blocked after using the word. help please."
                                   batch: "i seem to have the correct pin but unfortunately it was blocked, i need both instead of the countersign the records."
                                   batch: "hi, i do this, i have some money in my account but it got it at this point and blanked it, am i keep finding out why 1 is my spend on a parole go here yet?!"
                                   batch: "hello, i entered my password in which number i by hand drawn my pin? i thought there was a other card, but now it was blank the password, but why do i have gotten my money out because i got blocked when i entered."
rank:   432/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "i think really fast but there is some buy, both retrovert that will not let me know your deal with finance."
                                   batch: "i wanted to know if there is a country code for regress this is an international transaction. please use them."
                                   batch: "help me understand why there is an additional amount of return on my statement i am dealing with, please."
                                   batch: "i think really fast but there is some buy, both retrovert that will not let me know your deal with finance."
                                   batch: "i requested assistance or there should be confusion. the revert it is not fair in dealing with this issue please."
                                   batch: "hi, a couple of hours ago now, i requested 100. there was pending for a while left behind but what i was unable to do was turn over i requested money. instead sent the check and sent back to one of my statements with you. what is the deal between here or here?!"
rank:   433/42849, score: 0.799,   paraphrase: "i am in eu but made a bank transferralited. the account number is hrs. it was done a few days ago already and i have not completed the banking transaction and i do i need to ensure that everything is alright?"
                                   batch: "in exchange you offer your services i made during a transfer, needing transportation to france a couple of hours. the first time since the week ago is not before i requested that is banking is for the same thing with you ascertain e, please no."
                                   batch: "cash from the atm earlier, i did not go to my statement. please check that i had my balance in the 60s by now, but only after 10 minutes and then an hour and a half ago or so far i was doing some banking, and why could not have conveyance. please help me!"
                                   batch: "i am in eu but made a bank transferralited. the account number is hrs. it was done a few days ago already and i have not completed the banking transaction and i do i need to ensure that everything is alright?"
                                   batch: "when i made eu transfers, they did not receive any money in so needing transport, but the money came back in hrs just done 2 days ago. i is not happy after the banking. i requested them. please double check and see if everything."
                                   batch: "i from an atm this morning, that did not appear normally go to my account at all. need to transport money to this since it was back in the late 60s but i think it would have been done 5 times in a few minutes however and have done just over a second a while ago i find it to still pending in spite of banking transactions every morning. what do i do can assure future of pending?"

=== 10 samples around top25% === 
rank: 10708/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "i just checked my account balance but it seems off at every turn up. as its not actually going down, however, i keep getting an incoming message. when are i expect to transference i in late 2018?"
                                   batch: "please help! i checked my account and has there been a decline message on both my account and incoming funds. i am trying to transfer money to them."
                                   batch: "too many funds in my account, am i going to reject them. the app sends an incoming error message and will have to the transference immediately."
                                   batch: "can you be stopping the busines, as i have a working relationship with each other since my teens refuse to receive any incoming funds from the y why when i transfer money to them."
                                   batch: "i just checked my account balance but it seems off at every turn up. as its not actually going down, however, i keep getting an incoming message. when are i expect to transference i in late 2018?"
                                   batch: "i would like to close my account, as there has been a large decline. i checked both my account and incoming cash statements. i expect a pending transference soon when it will."
rank: 10709/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "hi, i received an error message that they have declined it, which i requested and was not seem to be able to do while undertaking this journey unless i have a non bank account or not. we need to transferee but no problem. can you please investigate?"
                                   batch: "my card payment finally turned off, but my card was further down and the atm i am still attempting. do i do to stop a transferee from showing up?"
                                   batch: "i received a very much rejected message and i was setting up a false information about it in the future. should i transfer immediately."
                                   batch: "my transfer has not passed through yet, i don't give up the source of funds, and the undertaking it though my bank details. please transfer the money to them."
                                   batch: "i received a declined message, but i still am still attempting to make a transferee. it says no."
                                   batch: "hi, i received an error message that they have declined it, which i requested and was not seem to be able to do while undertaking this journey unless i have a non bank account or not. we need to transferee but no problem. can you please investigate?"
rank: 10710/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "i have, as i imagined, how i could not make a bank account transferees. in. i have already purchased it and paid through a number of online purchases and now while i is still abroad. the draw seems to be an uncanny but is very strong."
                                   batch: "i have, as i imagined, how i could not make a bank account transferees. in. i have already purchased it and paid through a number of online purchases and now while i is still abroad. the draw seems to be an uncanny but is very strong."
                                   batch: "hi, i keep declining my purchases online payments from an abroad. i thought i could only do some transfers to a different country i purchased something. i noticed you have an uncanny amount that i never paid when abroad to visit that country, can i make any transfers to them?"
                                   batch: "hi, i just got things i purchased overseas and have enough funds to make up my list. the transferees pending for a while it has been opined on that happens after i bought something online, and again while it is still abroad i would like to dispute the eldritch. please remove them!"
                                   batch: "hi there! why? i thought i could be able to make a transfer to my friends abroad but it was after i just purchased a flat for something i bought online and now i think this makes transfers. really weird to both of them."
                                   batch: "hi there! why? i thought hello and i could not afford to make an account for any of my recent transfers. i noticed something that i just purchased recently or something i bought online and tried again while i still reside abroad and would like to know if unearthly it would like please."
rank: 10711/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "i need a card, i recently had it stolen, but how do you require it to pay rent."
                                   batch: "hi, i have still not yet received the item i ordered so i want it cancelled."
                                   batch: "my account earlier i purchased had some money, but i really need the money right now."
                                   batch: "i need a card, i recently had it stolen, but how do you require it to pay rent."
                                   batch: "me and i have not received the full amount why do i require a return."
                                   batch: "my account for a friend had been stolen, but i don't want it removed."
rank: 10712/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "something is wrong with my top up function. i tried it a couple days ago, but this means i do i have to use my solar cell at least once in a certain day. the same time that the system goes through, can please check it for me?!"
                                   batch: "i would like to get a top up to take my money out of money. just got it a couple of days ago. it was 24 - hours if there is any idea of an interval between the time runs. does it seem to me to assure all of this?."
                                   batch: "hi, i had a problem with top up. i tried topping it out in the first couple of days ago, and after trying a couple of hours earlier it still works really well with all of the time insure, please."
                                   batch: "something is wrong with my top up function. i tried it a couple days ago, but this means i do i have to use my solar cell at least once in a certain day. the same time that the system goes through, can please check it for me?!"
                                   batch: "hi, i had a top up but i topped up but got out, but i just did a couple hours ago and after its been 2 days and been waiting while all of the functions, please check and now i see it. can you please help me to make this in any more. as it still showing as pending?"
                                   batch: "you keep declining my top up, and i was locked it out, but i did do it a couple of days ago. because my solars operate for several hours every day and night. the system operates very well. please fix this to ensure we stay happy."
rank: 10713/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "hi, i can not seem to take any amount of money. i am out of reach for my account with my card. will you need for some first aid?."
                                   batch: "i do want to get you to help me to figure out my identity, but for reasons for identity verification still not works well with my card, and they did prove it from me."
                                   batch: "hi, i can not seem to take any amount of money. i am out of reach for my account with my card. will you need for some first aid?."
                                   batch: "i have to verify my identity what is the process to activate my card. now i can not seem to pull my card back but the money came out of time, but could you please assist me in this?!"
                                   batch: "hi, i do really need to draw to figure this out why but my identity verification has changed since i have the card sent and i did think so."
                                   batch: "hello, i can not seem to pull my pin in and came out of nowhere, but after checking my identity it shows up on my card and i definitely did do it was me."
rank: 10714/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "hi, i do really need to draw to figure this out why but my identity verification has changed since i have the card sent and i did think so."
                                   batch: "i do want to get you to help me to figure out my identity, but for reasons for identity verification still not works well with my card, and they did prove it from me."
                                   batch: "hi, i can not seem to take any amount of money. i am out of reach for my account with my card. will you need for some first aid?."
                                   batch: "i have to verify my identity what is the process to activate my card. now i can not seem to pull my card back but the money came out of time, but could you please assist me in this?!"
                                   batch: "hi, i do really need to draw to figure this out why but my identity verification has changed since i have the card sent and i did think so."
                                   batch: "hello, i can not seem to pull my pin in and came out of nowhere, but after checking my identity it shows up on my card and i definitely did do it was me."
rank: 10715/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "i really want to activate my new card that just got, but don't think it is something might be going through me even if i don't have to spare to clip to my account for it?!"
                                   batch: "i can i verify my identity. the activation process with my card is just happened to be functioning properly correctly at all in a certain time frame."
                                   batch: "i have to verify my identity. is required to use my card which shows a running order and does show a clip from the past."
                                   batch: "i can not verify my identity and is required to use my card, so do i seem to be operating under a company known as clip in the records?"
                                   batch: "hi, i am supposed to be able to use my card google pay. it is about to quit claiming to be working. i check it now appears that its not working. can you clip it up and get my money back?!"
                                   batch: "i really want to activate my new card that just got, but don't think it is something might be going through me even if i don't have to spare to clip to my account for it?!"
rank: 10716/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "hi, i just transferred some money after trying to make a payment. its been pending since a couple of hours ago, but that means that the recipient has been using the solar system, already on that day. even though a few hours ago i need additional verification to still proves my statement is correct."
                                   batch: "can i can see if i transferred the first message of my payment to a friend or new landlord a couple of days ago it has been 24 - hours there is a certain time interval between one to two weeks ago, and then this case and clearly demonstrates that this is happening."
                                   batch: "im not sure i transferred funds to my landlord about a payment that i just made a couple of months ago out. it was twenty - fours in sunglasses, but i had several hours before and then two days ago, and still nothing has yet that establishes or raise a dispute."
                                   batch: "i got a message that i transferred some money 2 days before and the payment is pending. however, my information shows i have access to the solars directly. this happened on the same day rather than two weeks ago, it has been pending for a couple of days."
                                   batch: "hello, i just transferred my first flat rent payment from france for the last couple of months ago but after a few days before and more or maybe two weeks ago too, can i still say that shews. please help her."
                                   batch: "hi, i just transferred some money after trying to make a payment. its been pending since a couple of hours ago, but that means that the recipient has been using the solar system, already on that day. even though a few hours ago i need additional verification to still proves my statement is correct."
rank: 10717/42849, score: 0.701,   paraphrase: "i swear that there will be an additional fee if i prove my identity. i was using my card to help out to receive a sum of money."
                                   batch: "i need to verify my identity details. i used a physical card and now i have to pay in additional fees to top up with an additional sum of money."
                                   batch: "please look if i used my card abroad, and have to send an additional fee, but to my account sum is no more than the full amount of which i actually received the money from. what happened?"
                                   batch: "if i was getting my identity a few days before my card payment. there would be some additional charge that is showing up that the amount is somewhat less than my full amount of what when i received the money today?!"
                                   batch: "i swear that there will be an additional fee if i prove my identity. i was using my card to help out to receive a sum of money."
                                   batch: "when i was getting my identity verified, and using my card, so far there has been an extra fee, but i got the sum, not charged because it was outside of the countries that received the money from. what happened?"

=== 10 samples around top50% === 
rank: 21420/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "i tried to use my card more frequently, but now my card runs very short. i have already run out of funds, or will hebdomad, please?"
                                   batch: "i can not verify my identity and tried using my card at first, but then my card runs very short and i keep running out of funds today. will hebdomad on the next day?"
                                   batch: "i can not verify my identity and tried using my card at first, but then my card runs very short and i keep running out of funds today. will hebdomad on the next day?"
                                   batch: "hi, i need someone to cancel my card and transfer some money from another of my account but it runs out to a short wait time. i would like to find out how worked out that is happening and what i am trying to do for a month to a week. can you please check the issue?."
                                   batch: "i tried to use my card more frequently, but now my card runs very short. i have already run out of funds, or will hebdomad, please?"
                                   batch: "i can i verify my identity. will you take care of my card anymore? if my account runs very short could you please help figure out. i been trying for a good week. what is happening?"
rank: 21421/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "hello, i tried too hard i can not get cash out of the atm on the busines, but i have a close relationship. could it cause my balance to be changed while it is deposited back into my account?!"
                                   batch: "hello, i tried too hard i can not get cash out of the atm on the busines, but i have a close relationship. could it cause my balance to be changed while it is deposited back into my account?!"
                                   batch: "hello, you worked really hard ago because i don't have enough currency to be transferred into my account, but now my balance says it has been deposited and deposited back to its normal form."
                                   batch: "hi, i am supposed to work hard when trying to withdraw some cash earlier today, but the balance is not right but been with my account for quite a while. should be back into my account immediately."
                                   batch: "i did receive the cash deposit a week into my account, but checked my new balance says it has been there and deposited back as well."
                                   batch: "help! i tried so hard i can i get a new currency, can not use the busines, but i have a close relationship. could cause my balance to be changed while i can get back into my money?!"
rank: 21422/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "there is receiving foreign receiver for a purchase and under the impression that when i made last saturday, i was billed with a hidden fee. can i obtain the funds? please explain about the interchange of these two fees."
                                   batch: "if so even though i know i did more than i do in my online purchase via app, i have been charged a fee. should i receive the money immediately through this and an interchange of fees."
                                   batch: "hello, even though i know i did not actually do with my last purchase, and is now being billed it as a fair incur i use of the exchange rate."
                                   batch: "there is receiving foreign receiver for a purchase and under the impression that when i made last saturday, i was billed with a hidden fee. can i obtain the funds? please explain about the interchange of these two fees."
                                   batch: "while doing online shopping online and i did not pay for my most recent purchase i bought when abroad, i was billed an extra fee for the interchange fee. would i get free?"
                                   batch: "if so even though i know i did more than i do in my online purchase via app, i have been charged a fee. can i find a way to avoid an interchange between them."
rank: 21423/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "i is the recipient of a direct, he requested my balance at one time but not being able to conveyance for the same time."
                                   batch: "i would like to receive several i have placed one at this time. are you able to transport up to 8 people."
                                   batch: "my balance is seem to the system at this time. how long do i have to transfer additional funds?"
                                   batch: "i is the recipient of a direct, he requested my balance at one time but not being able to conveyance for the same time."
                                   batch: "my balance is seem to the system at this time. how long do i have to transfer additional funds?"
                                   batch: "i have contacted a recipient because i received a payment i did make, can they please send it ahead of the end of accounts at what time frame. are you considering making a transferral?."
rank: 21424/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "please tell me why i am saying there are suddenly some extra hidden fees when exchanging cash. my utilising fees during a play?"
                                   batch: "can you explain why i am saying there were any extra fees when i topped up by using foreign currency?"
                                   batch: "could you please explain to me why there will not be any transfers or extra fees. i always supported the idea of utilizing funds from services abroad."
                                   batch: "can you please explain why there are on my statement fees incurred as an employer. i was employing them while travelling abroad."
                                   batch: "can you please explain to me why there will not be any extra or extra fees, as there are some charges for applying money to my accounts."
                                   batch: "please tell me why i am saying there are suddenly some extra hidden fees when exchanging cash. my utilising fees during a play?"
rank: 21425/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "hi, i am getting my account cleared so i can verify my identity and try to use my card, or use the app without the app? will i get refused by the app??"
                                   batch: "hi, i am not cleared so i can verify my identity. i have submitted my card and try to use the app but i tried both but it was rejected. please help."
                                   batch: "hi, i have the accounts cleared so i can verify my identity. i had submitted my card information, but i noticed the app shows that they have not already been passed along on the top up for my account?!"
                                   batch: "i was confused when i tried to topped up my account without anything proving my identity. i tried using my card at first time but according to the app denied it, but then the transaction turned back to the amount to be paid down for me."
                                   batch: "hi, i am getting my account cleared so i can verify my identity and try to use my card, or use the app without the app? will i get refused by the app??"
                                   batch: "i was charged when i tried to topped up earlier with my card, it failed but according to the app, it seems its going to get declined. please help me."
rank: 21426/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "i had enough. i thought they offered top up for me but i was running out of funds, but it still offered it. i did not see it working, but i got my money, the money just disappeared and it vanished can you know what happened"
                                   batch: "hi, i don't have my reckoned my card, but i used for top up earlier but i found that out over lunch. but now it was proffered it in the app it showed as acting fine, but i got my money back after it had paid and it vanished. could you please?"
                                   batch: "hi, there were charges i was supposed to use an atm to top up my account but it was found out of nowhere, but it was only offered it. i did not see it working well, but i got the money back and it just went and it disappeared can you know what happened"
                                   batch: "in 2018, although it has been opined from above, after all i offered top up earlier, but proffered that the system did not stop working when i never took out but money was taken out and it went through and was right back away in my locker today."
                                   batch: "i had enough. i thought they offered top up for me but i was running out of funds, but it still offered it. i did not see it working, but i got my money, the money just disappeared and it vanished can you know what happened"
                                   batch: "hey, i had enough. i guessed what would happen if i needed to top up correctly, but i found it out of nowhere, but instead it was proffered it. it did not finish working very well, but now that the money was taken out so fast that it went through and was right back away in my account today."
rank: 21427/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "hi, i have moved for a flat into the new house that they bought recently and they had set it up as my new rent by now. when i got the payment correct, i am not supposed to use the busines. is it possible because of my relationship between them."
                                   batch: "hi, i wondered if you guessed that i had left my house with a certain number of tries to determine the correct amount for the rent i received, but now the mortgage payment is pending. i have already moved and instead of using the busines. is it possible because of my relationship between them?"
                                   batch: "hi, i have moved for a flat into the new house that they bought recently and they had set it up as my new rent by now. when i got the payment correct, i am not supposed to use the busines. is it possible because of my relationship between them."
                                   batch: "hello, i have moved from a flat into this new house and recently and set up to use my place for the rent as free, but my recent payment from the landlord has changed. please opined can i move into this new house account is a useful feature?"
                                   batch: "hi, why am saying i am supposed to use my parents house over the hill today, to determine when in the future when i pay rent. i just got moved and recently and made a payment and i have been stopped by the busines. is it possible because of my relationship between them?"
                                   batch: "hi, i have moved to another side of the house that i bought recently and they have set it up for my new rent by now by using the busines. since i have had a previous relationship with me, you are not supposed to get this payment back from them."
rank: 21428/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "hi, i have moved to another side of the house that i bought recently and they have set it up for my new rent by now by using the busines. since i have had a previous relationship with me, you are not supposed to get this payment back from them."
                                   batch: "hi, i wondered if you guessed that i had left my house with a certain number of tries to determine the correct amount for the rent i received, but now the mortgage payment is pending. i have already moved and instead of using the busines. is it possible because of my relationship between them?"
                                   batch: "hi, i have moved for a flat into the new house that they bought recently and they had set it up as my new rent by now. when i got the payment correct, i am not supposed to use the busines. is it possible because of my relationship between them."
                                   batch: "hello, i have moved from a flat into this new house and recently and set up to use my place for the rent as free, but my recent payment from the landlord has changed. please opined can i move into this new house account is a useful feature?"
                                   batch: "hi, why am saying i am supposed to use my parents house over the hill today, to determine when in the future when i pay rent. i just got moved and recently and made a payment and i have been stopped by the busines. is it possible because of my relationship between them?"
                                   batch: "hi, i have moved to another side of the house that i bought recently and they have set it up for my new rent by now by using the busines. since i have had a previous relationship with me, you are not supposed to get this payment back from them."
rank: 21429/42849, score: 0.62,    paraphrase: "hi, i am trying to be explicate inform, please verify my identity. i was using my card earlier today. after going to the grocery store from the grocery store. i had noticed some of the items were used in the shop. so i could not pay for one of them because i was declined my money."
                                   batch: "i keep coming to the store today trying to verify my identity, for some reasons as why my card payment was getting declined on last saturday, at the market place. since i was unable to pay so much. could you explain why my request funds for some items i did not charge?"
                                   batch: "hi, i am looking for an explicate and can not use my card and app. i was getting refused permission to use the shop, but only after i did the grocery shopping for free or got my google pay well for the several other items have come to play."
                                   batch: "hi, i am trying to be explicate inform, please verify my identity. i was using my card earlier today. after going to the grocery store from the grocery store. i had noticed some of the items were used in the shop. so i could not pay for one of them because i was declined my money."
                                   batch: "hi, i am looking for an explicate. do you have my card information? it was refused to get food. i was unable to use the market and never visited this shop. i now refuse to pay. i noticed several items still showing as pending."
                                   batch: "hi, i am looking for an explicate and can not use my card and app. i keep getting refused not able to use it at the grocery store, or the local country shop because i now refuse to pay. there are several other items that come into play."

=== 10 samples around top75% === 
rank: 32132/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "how come you can not take my child and try to prove my identity? i am using my card and i have been trying for a while and has happened?!"
                                   batch: "what should i do if my young kid i have to prove my identity. i try using my card after it has been pending for a while without trying again?!"
                                   batch: "how come you can not take my child and try to prove my identity? i am using my card and i have been trying for a while and has happened?!"
                                   batch: "i have to verify my identity. i can get my card, it has been issued to a kid and i have been trying for a while, is that?!"
                                   batch: "what should i do to think my kid from does not have not gotten my card back? after a while will it back?!"
                                   batch: "what should i do if my young kid i have to prove my identity. i try using my card after it has been pending for a while without trying again?!"
rank: 32133/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "i am not aware of drug use. i have done a small withdrawal after a few days previously and i saw unusual activity in the town, since i would like to withdrawal some money."
                                   batch: "i am not aware of drug use. i have done a small withdrawal after a few days previously and i saw unusual activity in the town, since i would like to withdrawal some money."
                                   batch: "hi, i have money from a drug business. i tried to make a withdrawal from my account when i saw some unusual activity in my small town area. i don't know these drug users but cannot make a withdrawal on any of them."
                                   batch: "please let me know about a cash withdrawal occurred a few days ago. i saw the withdraw earlier in the town and since i have money from some drug store. i did not make this withdrawal any of my money?"
                                   batch: "hi, i have a drug problem. i tried to make a withdrawal from my account when i last visited them in a small restaurant in the town. since i did not use these drug frequently but not make a withdrawal on any of them."
                                   batch: "hi, i have a drug problem. i tried to make a withdrawal from my account when i last visited them in a small restaurant in the town. since i did not use these drug frequently but not make a withdrawal on any of them."
rank: 32134/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "my lips have been pinched, as when i had entered, but are still not showing up in my account?!"
                                   batch: "i had my lip pinched in and my eyebrows removed, but now i have stopped using the busines, i have no idea of a relationship between them."
                                   batch: "i am not sure if i topped up by using my bank account, but when the transaction showed up on my account. was that possible?"
                                   batch: "i had my lip pinched in and my eyebrows removed, but now i have stopped using the busines, i have no idea of a relationship between them."
                                   batch: "my lips have been pinched, as when i had entered, but are still not showing up in my account?!"
                                   batch: "my lips have been pinched, as when i had entered, but are still not showing up in my account?!"
rank: 32135/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "i noticed at the interchange a fee and a charge for one of the same per week and a pound per unit. the second charge was definitely incorrect, and now this is an item that i have never even purchased anything abroad."
                                   batch: "i noticed that at last interchange a fee and a charge for one of the pounds per week and one pound for 1 per unit. the exchange rate is incorrect. please explain this is an item that i had never seen when i bought something abroad."
                                   batch: "i noticed at the interchange a fee and a charge for one of the same per week and a pound per unit. the second charge was definitely incorrect, and now this is an item that i have never even purchased anything abroad."
                                   batch: "i noticed at the interchange a fee and a charge for one of the same per week and a pound per unit. the second charge was definitely incorrect, and now this is an item that i have never even purchased anything abroad."
                                   batch: "hi, i can not find an interchange fee. i saw an extra charge in us for about 1 per uk pound for the uk unit. the exchange rate is wrong. i think this was a foreign item that i have never bought before or purchased something abroad."
                                   batch: "hi i just found out that online exchange rate. and you double checked my charge. please tell me its being paid per pound is one pound for the nearest unit. the exchange rate is wrong. i think this was a foreign item and i have never seen before or purchased something from abroad."
rank: 32136/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "how come i got charged an extra fee i did because i used double check for security reasons? i received a message without warning."
                                   batch: "please advise that there will be an extra charge i am needing the confirmation of an error message or a advance warning."
                                   batch: "hello, there will be an additional charge i am needing the confirmation of the error message from my records."
                                   batch: "how come i got charged an extra fee i did because i used double check for security reasons? i received a message without warning."
                                   batch: "please explain why there will be an extra fee while i was doing a substantiation has an error message giving me a warning."
                                   batch: "how come i got charged an extra fee i did because i used double check for security reasons? i received a message without warning."
rank: 32137/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "so, i am getting on the grind of trying and proving my identity. i thought when i used my card and never thought the name came back to me."
                                   batch: "if so, there is a new reason i have to verify my identity and have since my card arrived, it has not arrived yet at this point."
                                   batch: "why is there such a new reason i have to verify my identity that i guess after i tried my card and just said that it got well."
                                   batch: "so, i am getting on the grind of trying and proving my identity. i thought when i used my card and never thought the name came back to me."
                                   batch: "so, i am getting on the grind of trying and proving my identity. i thought when i used my card and never thought the name came back to me."
                                   batch: "hi, i am back on the grind of trying and proving my identity. i tried using my card which is already is what it got to me."
rank: 32138/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "no, there is not any readily available currency that i still have been available to them. i was trying really hard to find out where the currency to choose between."
                                   batch: "no, there is not any readily available currency that i still have been available to them. i was trying really hard to find out where the currency to choose between."
                                   batch: "i do have any readily available currency, but it is very hard for me to find the kind of currency that can be readily available on a regular basis."
                                   batch: "oh no, there is not any readily available or available cash available to me. i keep trying too hard and can i find the cash amount in between?"
                                   batch: "oh no, there is not any readily available or available cash available to me. i keep trying too hard and can i find the cash amount in between?"
                                   batch: "can i say there is not any readily available or available cash available to me since all of my cash is not show up."
rank: 32139/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "hello, i am facing the issue in pulling cash from the atm account. i am drawing to within 30 lbs. what is going on, the atm only pulled out 30 pounds but only gave me 10 pounds."
                                   batch: "this past holiday i went about withdrawing 40 pounds when i was at an atm, but suddenly got an issue. i thought i was about 40 lbs and had to withdraw 30. the atm said it was 30 then the machine gave me the wrong amount."
                                   batch: "this morning, i was facing a issue while pulling cash from an atm at an atm. it kept drawing near even though i got my money off the bill. i was about 30 lbs. what is going on, the atm only withdrew 30 pounds and the app gave me 10 pounds."
                                   batch: "hello, i am facing a issue to withdraw money right now at an atm. the atm is taking out 30 and i found out of nowhere. i gave me 20 lbs. what is going on, the atm gave me about 30 and the bank gave me 10 pounds."
                                   batch: "this morning, i was facing a issue while pulling cash from an atm at an atm. it kept drawing near even though i got my money off the bill. i was about 30 lbs. what is going on, the atm only withdrew 30 pounds and the app gave me 10 pounds."
                                   batch: "hello, i am facing the issue in pulling cash from the atm account. i am drawing to within 30 lbs. what is going on, the atm only pulled out 30 pounds but only gave me 10 pounds."
rank: 32140/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "hi, i am waiting for appearing inquiring transactions. the only complaint for this is my not on my statement or my records."
                                   batch: "i am travelling and just wondering why i thought there was a direct complaint. i checked my statements but my statement says i had one."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for making enquiring. i detect any additional charge. just checked my recent statement shows an additional charge."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for appearing inquiring transactions. the only complaint for this is my not on my statement or my records."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for appearing inquiring transactions. the only complaint for this is my not on my statement or my records."
                                   batch: "hello, i am waiting for an enquiring i. the only complaint for this is my not in my statement or my record."
rank: 32141/42849, score: 0.485,   paraphrase: "hello, i am waiting for an enquiring i. the only complaint for this is my not in my statement or my record."
                                   batch: "i am travelling and just wondering why i thought there was a direct complaint. i checked my statements but my statement says i had one."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for making enquiring. i detect any additional charge. just checked my recent statement shows an additional charge."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for appearing inquiring transactions. the only complaint for this is my not on my statement or my records."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for appearing inquiring transactions. the only complaint for this is my not on my statement or my records."
                                   batch: "hello, i am waiting for an enquiring i. the only complaint for this is my not in my statement or my record."

=== 10 samples around top99% === 
rank: 42416/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "hi, i am not happy that i use your service. this service is not in your end and the company you provide."
                                   batch: "hi, i am not happy that i use your service. this service is not in your end and the company you provide."
                                   batch: "hi, i am not happy that i use your service. this service is not in your end and the company you provide."
                                   batch: "hi, i am not happy that i use your service. this service is not in your end and the company you provide."
                                   batch: "hi, i am not happy that i use your service. this service is not in your end and the company you provide."
                                   batch: "hi, i am not happy that i use your service. this service is not in your end and the company you provide."
rank: 42417/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "hi, i am waiting for the unauthorised my most recent withdrawal yet, but my statements on my statement show it was fraud."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for the unauthorised my most recent withdrawal yet, but my statements on my statement show it was fraud."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for the unauthorised my most recent withdrawal yet, but my statements on my statement show it was fraud."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for the unauthorised my most recent withdrawal yet, but my statements on my statement show it was fraud."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for the unauthorised my most recent withdrawal yet, but my statements on my statement show it was fraud."
                                   batch: "hi, i am waiting for the unauthorised my most recent withdrawal yet, but my statements on my statement show it was fraud."
rank: 42418/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "i an not sure of why i would like to know about pending status from a friend s payment on my statement."
                                   batch: "i an not sure of why i would like to know about pending status from a friend s payment on my statement."
                                   batch: "i an not sure of why i would like to know about pending status from a friend s payment on my statement."
                                   batch: "i an not sure of why i would like to know about pending status from a friend s payment on my statement."
                                   batch: "i an not sure of why i would like to know about pending status from a friend s payment on my statement."
                                   batch: "i an not sure of why i would like to know about pending status from a friend s payment on my statement."
rank: 42419/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "i tried to make a purchase of stuff this morning, but it did not work and now i have a pending sale."
                                   batch: "i tried to make a purchase of stuff this morning, but it did not work and now i have a pending sale."
                                   batch: "i tried to make a purchase of stuff this morning, but it did not work and now i have a pending sale."
                                   batch: "i tried to make a purchase of stuff this morning, but it did not work and now i have a pending sale."
                                   batch: "i tried to make a purchase of stuff this morning, but it did not work and now i have a pending sale."
                                   batch: "i tried to make a purchase of stuff this morning, but it did not work and now i have a pending sale."
rank: 42420/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "hi, i am 16 and is missing some money. i checked my bank account, but found it has refund it. can i?"
                                   batch: "hi, i am 16 and is missing some money. i checked my bank account, but found it has refund it. can i?"
                                   batch: "hi, i am 16 and is missing some money. i checked my bank account, but found it has refund it. can i?"
                                   batch: "hi, i am 16 and is missing some money. i checked my bank account, but found it has refund it. can i?"
                                   batch: "hi, i am 16 and is missing some money. i checked my bank account, but found it has refund it. can i?"
                                   batch: "hi, i am 16 and is missing some money. i checked my bank account, but found it has refund it. can i?"
rank: 42421/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "i used foreign currency at an interchange. i exchanged currency, but the rate was wrong and the charged amount was too much."
                                   batch: "i used foreign currency at an interchange. i exchanged currency, but the rate was wrong and the charged amount was too much."
                                   batch: "i used foreign currency at an interchange. i exchanged currency, but the rate was wrong and the charged amount was too much."
                                   batch: "i used foreign currency at an interchange. i exchanged currency, but the rate was wrong and the charged amount was too much."
                                   batch: "i used foreign currency at an interchange. i exchanged currency, but the rate was wrong and the charged amount was too much."
                                   batch: "i used foreign currency at an interchange. i exchanged currency, but the rate was wrong and the charged amount was too much."
rank: 42422/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "i could send my friend yesterday, but i did not seeing that this morning. can remember and or. do i see it"
                                   batch: "i could send my friend yesterday, but i did not seeing that this morning. can remember and or. do i see it"
                                   batch: "i could send my friend yesterday, but i did not seeing that this morning. can remember and or. do i see it"
                                   batch: "i could send my friend yesterday, but i did not seeing that this morning. can remember and or. do i see it"
                                   batch: "i could send my friend yesterday, but i did not seeing that this morning. can remember and or. do i see it"
                                   batch: "i could send my friend yesterday, but i did not seeing that this morning. can remember and or. do i see it"
rank: 42423/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "i changed my mind that i transferred some money, but now the money is not showing up as being available to me."
                                   batch: "i changed my mind that i transferred some money, but now the money is not showing up as being available to me."
                                   batch: "i changed my mind that i transferred some money, but now the money is not showing up as being available to me."
                                   batch: "i changed my mind that i transferred some money, but now the money is not showing up as being available to me."
                                   batch: "i changed my mind that i transferred some money, but now the money is not showing up as being available to me."
                                   batch: "i changed my mind that i transferred some money, but now the money is not showing up as being available to me."
rank: 42424/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "hi, its just not a possible for it to cancel my order or a payment to another country that is i made"
                                   batch: "hi, its just not a possible for it to cancel my order or a payment to another country that is i made"
                                   batch: "hi, its just not a possible for it to cancel my order or a payment to another country that is i made"
                                   batch: "hi, its just not a possible for it to cancel my order or a payment to another country that is i made"
                                   batch: "hi, its just not a possible for it to cancel my order or a payment to another country that is i made"
                                   batch: "hi, its just not a possible for it to cancel my order or a payment to another country that is i made"
rank: 42425/42849, score: 0.159,   paraphrase: "i know who i work for.n't been able to get my card back as it did not work. what should i do"
                                   batch: "i know who i work for.n't been able to get my card back as it did not work. what should i do"
                                   batch: "i know who i work for.n't been able to get my card back as it did not work. what should i do"
                                   batch: "i know who i work for.n't been able to get my card back as it did not work. what should i do"
                                   batch: "i know who i work for.n't been able to get my card back as it did not work. what should i do"
                                   batch: "i know who i work for.n't been able to get my card back as it did not work. what should i do"

=== 10 samples around top100% === 
rank: 42840/42849, score: 0.144,   paraphrase: "i would like a that i would like to use to top up my service has been neglected and no longer fair."
                                   batch: "i would like a that i would like to use to top up my service has been neglected and no longer fair."
                                   batch: "i would like a that i would like to use to top up my service has been neglected and no longer fair."
                                   batch: "i would like a that i would like to use to top up my service has been neglected and no longer fair."
                                   batch: "i would like a that i would like to use to top up my service has been neglected and no longer fair."
                                   batch: "i would like a that i would like to use to top up my service has been neglected and no longer fair."
rank: 42841/42849, score: 0.144,   paraphrase: "i was able to transfer money to a friend and transferred the money but now. i was unable to transfer it before."
                                   batch: "i was able to transfer money to a friend and transferred the money but now. i was unable to transfer it before."
                                   batch: "i was able to transfer money to a friend and transferred the money but now. i was unable to transfer it before."
                                   batch: "i was able to transfer money to a friend and transferred the money but now. i was unable to transfer it before."
                                   batch: "i was able to transfer money to a friend and transferred the money but now. i was unable to transfer it before."
                                   batch: "i was able to transfer money to a friend and transferred the money but now. i was unable to transfer it before."
rank: 42842/42849, score: 0.144,   paraphrase: "i have tried all of my cards. what should i do if they were lost, or if they were stolen or damaged?"
                                   batch: "i have tried all of my cards. what should i do if they were lost, or if they were stolen or damaged?"
                                   batch: "i have tried all of my cards. what should i do if they were lost, or if they were stolen or damaged?"
                                   batch: "i have tried all of my cards. what should i do if they were lost, or if they were stolen or damaged?"
                                   batch: "i have tried all of my cards. what should i do if they were lost, or if they were stolen or damaged?"
                                   batch: "i have tried all of my cards. what should i do if they were lost, or if they were stolen or damaged?"
rank: 42843/42849, score: 0.143,   paraphrase: "what should i do if i do want to use my visa or my card? can you stop scaping my card?"
                                   batch: "what should i do if i do want to use my visa or my card? can you stop scaping my card?"
                                   batch: "what should i do if i do want to use my visa or my card? can you stop scaping my card?"
                                   batch: "what should i do if i do want to use my visa or my card? can you stop scaping my card?"
                                   batch: "what should i do if i do want to use my visa or my card? can you stop scaping my card?"
                                   batch: "what should i do if i do want to use my visa or my card? can you stop scaping my card?"
rank: 42844/42849, score: 0.143,   paraphrase: "would you please give my daughter up both, a visa and a double or a visa and master. is that possible?"
                                   batch: "would you please give my daughter up both, a visa and a double or a visa and master. is that possible?"
                                   batch: "would you please give my daughter up both, a visa and a double or a visa and master. is that possible?"
                                   batch: "would you please give my daughter up both, a visa and a double or a visa and master. is that possible?"
                                   batch: "would you please give my daughter up both, a visa and a double or a visa and master. is that possible?"
                                   batch: "would you please give my daughter up both, a visa and a double or a visa and master. is that possible?"
rank: 42845/42849, score: 0.141,   paraphrase: "i did not do this without my express consent, as should i did"
                                   batch: "i did not do this without my express consent, as should i did"
                                   batch: "i did not do this without my express consent, as should i did"
                                   batch: "i did not do this without my express consent, as should i did"
                                   batch: "i did not do this without my express consent, as should i did"
                                   batch: "i did not do this without my express consent, as should i did"
rank: 42846/42849, score: 0.14,    paraphrase: "i do i have to reset a blocked pin i have to passcode, and i can i the code."
                                   batch: "i do i have to reset a blocked pin i have to passcode, and i can i the code."
                                   batch: "i do i have to reset a blocked pin i have to passcode, and i can i the code."
                                   batch: "i do i have to reset a blocked pin i have to passcode, and i can i the code."
                                   batch: "i do i have to reset a blocked pin i have to passcode, and i can i the code."
                                   batch: "i do i have to reset a blocked pin i have to passcode, and i can i the code."
rank: 42847/42849, score: 0.136,   paraphrase: "hi, i have been too long. what can i or will i have to do to do to regain track of them?!"
                                   batch: "hi, i have been too long. what can i or will i have to do to do to regain track of them?!"
                                   batch: "hi, i have been too long. what can i or will i have to do to do to regain track of them?!"
                                   batch: "hi, i have been too long. what can i or will i have to do to do to regain track of them?!"
                                   batch: "hi, i have been too long. what can i or will i have to do to do to regain track of them?!"
                                   batch: "hi, i have been too long. what can i or will i have to do to do to regain track of them?!"
rank: 42848/42849, score: 0.136,   paraphrase: "hi, i am unable to log in and use my own account with the app as i am unable to passocde, please."
                                   batch: "hi, i am unable to log in and use my own account with the app as i am unable to passocde, please."
                                   batch: "hi, i am unable to log in and use my own account with the app as i am unable to passocde, please."
                                   batch: "hi, i am unable to log in and use my own account with the app as i am unable to passocde, please."
                                   batch: "hi, i am unable to log in and use my own account with the app as i am unable to passocde, please."
                                   batch: "hi, i am unable to log in and use my own account with the app as i am unable to passocde, please."
rank: 42849/42849, score: 0.13,    paraphrase: "hi, i need to add funds to my new address and have waiting since and have not moved yet to my new address"
                                   batch: "hi, i need to add funds to my new address and have waiting since and have not moved yet to my new address"
                                   batch: "hi, i need to add funds to my new address and have waiting since and have not moved yet to my new address"
                                   batch: "hi, i need to add funds to my new address and have waiting since and have not moved yet to my new address"
                                   batch: "hi, i need to add funds to my new address and have waiting since and have not moved yet to my new address"
                                   batch: "hi, i need to add funds to my new address and have waiting since and have not moved yet to my new address"
